                                                                                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                     (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                     in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                     Stock Code : 0998




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                     Strive to Be
                                                                                                                                     the Provider of
                                                                                                                                     the Best Comprehensive
                                                                                                                                     Financial Services
Address : 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing




                                                                                                                                     2022
Postal Code : 100020
Investor Hotline : +86-10-66638188
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                                                     Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
Corporate Profile
China CITIC Bank was founded in 1987. It is one of the earliest emerging commercial banks established during China’s reform and
opening-up and also China’s first commercial bank participating in financing at both domestic and international financial markets. A
keen contributor to China’s economic development, the Bank is renowned at home and abroad for brushing numerous track records
in the modern Chinese financial history. In April 2007, the Bank simultaneously listed its A and H shares at the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Bank aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best comprehensive financial services with a human
touch. To attain this development vision, the Bank fully leverages on the advantages of CITIC Group’s comprehensive platform
featuring both financial and non-financial businesses, and at the same time holds firm to its business concept of “customer
orientation, reform driven, science & technology for growth, asset-light development, compliant operation, strength from talents”.
For corporate customers and institutional customers, the Bank offers comprehensive financial solutions in corporate banking
business, international business, financial market business, institutional banking business, investment banking business, transaction
banking business, custody business, and etc. For individual customers, the Bank provides diversified financial products and services
in retail banking, credit card, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, going abroad finance, e-banking and etc. As
such, the Bank satisfies the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for comprehensive financial services on all
fronts.

As at the end of 2022, the Bank had 1,428 outlets in 153 large and medium-sized cities in China and 7 affiliates at home and
abroad, namely CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited, CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd., CITIC Financial
Leasing Co., Ltd., CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited, CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, JSC Altyn Bank and
Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited. CITIC Bank International Limited, a subsidiary of CITIC International Financial
Holdings Limited, recorded 31 outlets and 2 business centers in Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore
and the Chinese mainland. CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. had 3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong SAR and the Chinese
mainland. CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited is the wholly-owned wealth management subsidiary of the Bank. CITIC
aiBank Corporation Limited, a joint venture co-sponsored by the Bank and Baidu, is the first independent legal entity practicing
direct banking in China. JSC Altyn Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking center in Kazakhstan.

The Bank has persevered in serving the real economy, engaging in stable healthy business operation and keeping abreast with the
times. Thriving through 35 years’ growth and expansion, the Bank has become a financial conglomerate with strong comprehensive
competitiveness and powerful brand influence, registering more than RMB8.5 trillion total assets and more than 60,000 employees.
In 2022, The Banker magazine of the United Kingdom, rated the Bank the 21st on its list of the “Top 500 Banking Brands” and the
19th on its list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital.


Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, directors, supervisors and senior management of the Bank guarantee that the
information contained in the 2022 Annual Report does not include any false records, misleading statements or material omissions,
and assume several and joint liabilities for its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness.

The Board of Directors of the Bank adopted the full text and summary of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report on 23 March 2023.
Eleven of the eleven eligible directors attended the meeting. The supervisors and senior management of the Bank attended the
meeting as non-voting delegates.

The 2022 annual financial reports prepared by the Bank in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards and International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) were audited respectively by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and
PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with China Auditing Standards and Hong Kong Standards on Auditing respectively, with
both firms producing an auditor’s report with a standard unqualified audit opinion.

Mr. Zhu Hexin as Chairman and non-executive director of the Bank, Mr. Fang Heying as Vice Chairman, executive director and
President of the Bank, Mr. Wang Kang as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank and Mr. Xue Fengqing as General
Manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of the Bank hereby declare and guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of the financial report contained in the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report.

Profit Distribution Plan: Chapter 3 “Corporate Governance – Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares” of this report
discloses the Bank’s Profit Distribution Plan for 2022 as reviewed and adopted by the Board of Directors and will be submitted
to the 2022 Annual General Meeting for deliberation. The plan proposes to pay a cash dividend of RMB3.29 per 10 shares (tax
inclusive). No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current year.

Cautionary note on forward-looking statements: Forward-looking statements such as future plans and development strategies
contained in this report do not constitute substantive commitments of the Bank to its investors. Investors and relevant persons are
kindly reminded to maintain adequate risk awareness of such statements and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and
commitments.

Material risk reminder: During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any material risk that would adversely affect its
future development strategies and business targets. The Bank has disclosed in this report the major risks it exposed to in its operation
and management and the risk management and controls thereof. For relevant information thereof, please refer to related parts in
Chapter 2 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

For the purpose of this report, numbers are expressed in Renminbi (RMB) unless otherwise specified. This report is prepared in both
Chinese and English. Shall there be discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Contents
Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders                                 5
President’s Letter to Shareholders                                9
Definitions                                                      12
Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction                                 13
Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis                     22
             2.1 Industry Overview of the Company                22
             2.2 Main Business of the Company                    22
             2.3 Core Competitiveness Analysis                   23
             2.4 Overview of the Operating Results               24
             2.5 Analysis of the Financial Statements            25
             2.6 Key Issues in Capital Market                    48
             2.7 Business Overview                               27
             2.8 Risk Management                                 83
             2.9 Material Investments, Material Acquisitions,    90
                     Material Sales of Assets and Equity
             2.10 Outlook                                        90
             2.11 Information about Structured Entities          91
Chapter 3 Corporate Governance                                   92
Chapter 4 Environmental, and Social Governance (ESG)            142
Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors                      149
Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on         166
               Ordinary Shareholders
Chapter 7 Preference Shares                                     176
Chapter 8 Convertible Corporate Bonds                           179
Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report     181
    Mission and Vision




                                           To become a responsible, unique
                                           and valuable provider of the best
                         Vision            comprehensive financial services
                                           with a human touch



                                           To create value for customers, seek
                                           happiness for employees, make
                        Mission            profit for shareholders and perform
                                           responsibility for the society




                                           Customer orientation, integrity,
                           Core            innovation, coordination
                          values           and excellence




                                           The more we care,
                          Brand            the more you gain
                          motto




2   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Performance Overview



                                                                           Operating income                                                        Net profit
Operating performance:
                                                                   211.109          billion RMB
                                                                                                                                   62.103     billion RMB
                                                                                       Total assets                                 Net profit growth

                                                          8,547.543                 billion RMB
                                                                                                                               11.61%
        Profitability:                                                                         ROAA                            Cost-to-income ratio

                                                                            0.76%                                              30.66%
                                                                                                ROAE                             Net interest margin

                                                                     10.80%                                                          1.97%
                                                                                                                        Allowance coverage ratio
        Asset quality:
                                                                                         NPL ratio
                                                                                                                         201.19%
                                                                            1.27%
                                                                                                                            The ratio of allowance
                                                                                                                                for impairment of
                                                                                                                               loans to total loans

                                                                                                                                     2.55%
        Customer base:                                                                                                         Corporate customers
                                                                              Online monthly
                                                                                  active users                      1.0373                              million

                                                     32.7473                                   million
                                                                                                                      Retail banking customers

                                                                                                                                    127                 million


Note:    Indicators under operating performance, profitability and asset quality are data of the Group and indicators under customer base are data of the Bank.




                                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   3
Zhu Hexin
Chairman and
Non-executive Director
Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders

Dear shareholders,

Time will record every step we take forward, and history will be engraved with the glory of never giving up. The year 2022
was an extremely important and extraordinary year in the history of the Party and the State. In the past year, the 20th CPC
National Congress came to a successful conclusion, presenting the blueprint for building a modern socialist country in all
respects and sounding the clarion call for embarking on a new journey. The year 2022 also marked the 35th anniversary of
China CITIC Bank, another milestone in its development. Through 35 years of braving wind and rain, China CITIC Bank
forged ahead in step with the Party’s and State’s strategic moves, writing a glorious chapter of high-quality development,
despite all the trials and hardships.

In 2022, China CITIC Bank registered over RMB8.5 trillion in total assets, more than RMB211.109 billion in operating
income, up 3.20% over the previous year, and RMB62.103 billion in net profit, up 11.61% from a year ago. At the end
of the year, the balance of NPLs stood at RMB65.213 billion, representing a NPL ratio of 1.27%, both declining for the
second year in a row. The allowance coverage ratio increased by 21.12 percentage points to 201.19%. Our hard work has
paid off. In the past year, our stock price and market cap growth performed well, to rank among the top domestic listed
banks. It is a recognition of our overall strength and operating results over the past year. These achievements are attributed
to the hard work of CITIC staff, and to the support and trust of all our shareholders and customers. On behalf of the
Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere thanks to all of those who have helped and cared for China CITIC
Bank, and to CITIC staff for their dedication and contribution. Given the strong results, the Board of Directors proposes
to distribute an annual dividend of RMB3.29 for every ten shares, a continued high level of return to our investors.

Looking back at 2022, we faced a turbulent environment abroad and an arduous task of reforms at home. In a complex
and harsh business environment, China CITIC Bank actively helped stabilize the macroeconomy in rapid pursuit of
high-quality development. With our continued momentum and positive outlook, solid progress has been made on
all fronts of work. Behind the encouraging results is our stronger “momentum”: a firmer resolve to execute our strategies,
more fruitful business activity and more solid quality of development.

As a responsible financial institution, we remain steadfast in moving forward to serve the real economy. Finance is
the bloodline of real economy. They are interdependent and should grow and thrive together. With the lofty aspiration
to serve the country through industry and our revolutionary traditions, we always keep in mind both internal and
international imperatives, as well as the country’s most fundamental interests. We also bear in mind the mission of
“implementing national strategies and contributing to national rejuvenation”, ensuring that our corporate development is
in harmony with national strategies. With a strong sense of mission and responsibility, we actively implemented the CPC
Central Committee’s plans for stabilizing the macroeconomy and launched a 29-point package to bolster the stability and
high-quality development of the Chinese economy. We focused our activity on serving the real economy, staying true
to our original mission. In an effort to help enterprises get through tough times, we stepped up support for key fields
encouraged by national policymakers, including medium to long-term manufacturing, inclusive finance, green finance
and strategic emerging industries, which saw an increase in loans of 35%, 22%, 67% and 37% over the beginning of the
year, respectively. We gave full support to rural revitalization as a preferred destination of our financial resources, with
agriculture-related loans growing by 23%. We were also active in meeting the consumer demand from home upgraders,
new energy vehicle buyers and pensioners, achieving sustainable development while contributing to development of the
country and flourishing of the real economy.

We have blazed the path forward through innovation and reform. Innovation is rooted in the blood stream of CITIC
staff. We know that only through reform can we find a way out and remain viable. With innovative entrepreneurship we
have fostered an open and inclusive environment to motivate and make the most of innovators within the organization, in a
bid to create the second growth curve. We launched the “342 Action Plan for Developing Core Business Capabilities” based
on our good assessment of the situation where crisis coexisted with opportunity. The action plan, aimed to develop three
core capabilities in “wealth management, asset management and comprehensive financing”, is a detailed roadmap for future
banking development. We reformed our systems and mechanisms at a faster pace, with the retail organizational system
reengineered from the top down, the management of major customers centralized progressively, and the organizational
framework streamlined for risk, technology, treasury, corporate and financial market segments. Riding the trend of
technological innovation, we continued to pour more resources into the IT function. Our annual IT spending was close to
RMB9 billion, and the number of IT staff nearly doubled in the past four years to reach 4,762. Our digital transformation
has been expanded, with a big data center built and a number of high-value platforms such as Tianyuan Treasury, Retail
M+ and Kunpeng System being launched, laying the foundation for building a “Digital CITIC”. It has proven that only
by keeping abreast of the latest trends, taking on new initiatives, developing unique skills and building safeguards can we
foster new growth drivers for relentless momentum.


                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     5
    C h a i r m a n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




    We have driven the momentum forward through synergistic integration and resource sharing. Synergy is the strongest
    point of CITIC Group, and the strongest backing for China CITIC Bank. In July 2022, CITIC Financial Holdings was
    founded as the “No. 1 engine” driving the high-quality development of CITIC Group, and as a potent tool for synergistic
    integration. As the main platform of CITIC Synergy, China CITIC Bank has been playing the role of “locomotive” in
    creating synergies. We continued to unleash new synergistic momentum, further implement the principle of “One CITIC,
    One Customer” and enhance resource sharing, technological connectivity and information exchange to strengthen the
    unified customer service system and the comprehensive risk management system. We continued to build a new synergistic
    ecosystem, further expanded the synergistic “circle of friends” and created a “community” for synergistic development,
    providing customers with the best comprehensive services “beyond finance”. In 2022, we achieved business synergy covering
    all our 37 branches for the first time, with their co-financing size breaking the RMB2 trillion mark. The cross-selling of
    retail products exceeded RMB100 billion in aggregate, and the collaborative asset custody hit RMB2 trillion for the first
    time. Whether addressing a single difficulty or diverse demand, or serving a single industry or thousands of industries, the
    “flywheel effect” of CITIC United Fleet is gathering steam and injecting new vitality into the high-quality development of
    the Bank.

    The past 35 years witnessed our marching forward through highs and lows. Now, as the world changes in ways never
    seen before, China has entered a development stage faced with more uncertainties, finding strategic opportunities alongside
    risks and challenges. At the critical juncture of a historic shift, we introduced the new brand slogan of “the more we care,
    the more you gain”. This conveys the message that finance can touch your heart by guarding every single unit of value
    with care. We believe that with the strong support from CITIC Group and other shareholders and under the guidance of
    developing core business capabilities, as long as we remain policy-oriented, maintain our strategic resolve and cement the
    foundation of governance, we will grow stronger in the course of high-quality development and make fresh breakthroughs
    in sustainable development, despite all the changes and uncertainties.

    We will remain policy-oriented, clinging to the direction of high-quality development. We believe that only by closely
    following the pulse of national high-quality development and seizing market trends and opportunities, can we crack the
    code to win the market. We have actively helped stabilize the macroeconomy to enhance our sustainability while serving
    the real economy. Seizing the opportunity of reviving and expanding domestic consumption, we gave full play to consumer
    finance and financial leasing platforms, with a focus on ensuring people’s wellbeing. By improving the ESG management
    system, we vigorously implemented the strategy of carbon emissions peaking and carbon neutrality and developed our
    strength in green finance. We actively implemented the rural revitalization strategy, with a focus on key rural industries,
    to foster our strength in this field of business. We seized the opportunities in sci-tech innovation finance to empower
    development of enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique, novel products to be well attuned to the
    new economy. Through the whole business journey, we have been unleashing the CITIC passion and strength to ensure a
    rosy future.

    We will maintain strategic resolve to develop our core competencies for high-quality development. We believe that
    opportunities coexist with challenges in a new development pattern, which takes the domestic market as the mainstay,
    while letting domestic and international markets boost each other, in a new era themed by “promoting common
    prosperity”. Capitalizing on the newly established CITIC Financial Holdings and taking the opportunity of China’s
    economic reform that lays equal emphasis on demand and supply, we will step up our efforts to develop core competencies
    in “wealth management, asset management and comprehensive financing” and build a high-quality value chain with
    CITIC characteristics, in an all-out effort to create new engines for high-quality development. We believe that, with our
    confidence, willpower and all-out effort, we will be able to stand out from the competition with our own characteristics,
    strengths and bright spots.




6   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          C h a i r m a n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




We have enhanced governance to lay a solid foundation for high-quality development. We believe that high-quality and
sustainable development builds on the relentless adherence to the “bank of value” philosophy, together with a deep-rooted
foundation, far-sighted action and persistence. We have fortified the foundation of governance, kept to the right path while
making innovations and improved the corporate governance system to warrant science-driven decision-making. Focused
on “turning talent into strengths”, we attach greater importance to talent as the “primary resources” and the cornerstone
for a sustainable organization. We adhere to the principle of “science & technology for growth”, supporting and driving
the transformation of operation and management from informatization to digitalization and artificial intelligence, and
striving to fortify the technological groundwork. We, committed to building a century-old bank, have strengthened risk
management and internal control across the board to defend the asset quality as our lifeline. We stay on the right path
to compliance, in a “comply or die” mentality. We believe that under the concept of high-quality value management,
our pace of development should be fast and, more importantly, steady and on a solid footing, to ensure high quality and
sustainability.

We are standing at a new starting point in a new era. It is time for us to ride the tailwinds and set sail for a new
journey. Into our 35th year, China CITIC Bank is standing firm as a strong, still-growing player in a highly
competitive market, and at the forefront of the times. We will stay true to our mission, maintain the resolve and
courage to tide over trials and hardships, and stay at the forefront of joint-stock commercial banks on the road to financial
development with Chinese characteristics. We are poised to deliver greater contributions and create new glories. Thirty-five
years into our development, we will continue to forge ahead unremittingly and create more value for our shareholders.




                                                                                                                Zhu Hexin
                                                                                          Chairman and non-executive director
                                                                                                           23 March, 2023




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report       7
Fang Heying
Vice Chairman, Executive Director,
and President
President’s Letter to Shareholders

Dear shareholders,

The year 2022 witnessed our blazing journey across a challenging landscape, and showed how all our experiences made us
believe that confidence has prepared us for the dawn.

A year ago, China CITIC Bank planted the seeds of “core business capabilities” with the determination to “reset and
restart”, developing its core competencies across the board, from the top down and from the inside out. Thanks to the hard
work of all at the Bank, we are delighted to see that these seeds have been sprouting driving a fresh outlook: In 2022, the
Bank recorded over RMB8.5 trillion in total assets, with deposits and loans breaking the RMB5 trillion mark each. Net
profit reached the milestone of RMB60 billion, maintaining double-digit growth. NPLs saw a decline in both balance and
ratio for two years, and the allowance coverage ratio returned to more than 200% after eight years. More importantly, our
operating income and non-interest income maintained fairly good growth, our net interest margin and deposit costs showed
positive changes, and our capital-light transformation began to reap rewards. With our promising fundamentals recognized
across capital markets, we were among the fastest-growing banks in terms of market capitalization. We once again plan
to share our good results with investors by distributing the highest cash dividend since we went public. In the first year
of fully implementing the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress, we pay tribute to the new era and our
original aspiration with this report as a crystallization of our hardest work.

We are grateful for this great era. China’s reform and prosperity have nurtured the soil for, and the confidence in, our
growth. We cherish our mission and aspiration to serve the real economy and help the people live a better life, which have
given us the resilience, courage and willpower to advance. With unwavering faith and courage, despite all the trials and
tribulations, we have continued to forge ahead. This is the spiritual heritage behind the 35 annual reports of China CITIC
Bank, and represents the cultural legacy that is more valuable than these results. It has been three full years since I took
over the baton as President of China CITIC Bank. Looking back at the journey, although “trials and hardships” are the
norm, the “adversities” we underwent in recent years have never been seen before. China CITIC Bank once faced such
intractable issues as elevated NPLs and capital-heavy development. Our traditional competitive strengths were challenged,
and our profitability came under great pressure. Meanwhile, the world is undergoing rapid seismic changes not seen for
a century, with significantly more uncertainties ahead, casting another dark shadow on our development. At the critical
moment of taking a stand amid the confluence of contradictions, should we go left or right? Walk slowly or run fast? This
is a concern of every CITIC staff member, and also the market spotlight cast on China CITIC Bank. Now, in the face
of adversity and challenges, we have given the answer through our action: “solve problems in development, and not be
knocked down by adversity let alone defined by it”. And we will face that adversity calmly and move forward resolutely
with a smile.

Smiling is not to greet the good times waiting ahead, but a belief that the sky is the limit, as long as we go all out.

In 2022, and over the past three years, we enhanced internal strengths through reform and innovation, reshaping our
core business capabilities while cementing the fundamentals of development. On a market-based and development-
oriented basis, we started the “breaking” and “making” process at China CITIC Bank with great courage. We introduced
the business philosophy of “pursuing sound, fast and sustainable development”, breaking away from the traditional ideas,
mindset and practices that stood in the way of high-quality development and endeavoring to create new ideas, models and
mechanisms with CITIC characteristics. We have improved the risk management system with upgraded thinking. We
were fully engaged in the “asset quality battle” and made great efforts to build a risk management system that effectively
controls risks and empowers development, and to further seek real profits that have filtered out risks. On the one hand, the “list
system” was used to accurately eliminate existing risks at a faster pace, and the disposal of non-performing assets shifted
from “disposing of assets” to “running assets”, with an effective risk handling system created to minimize losses and increase
efficiency. On the other hand, we adhered to systemic thinking, reinforced the comprehensive risk system in various
dimensions, ranging from the approval system reform to the responsibility system refining, and to risk culture development,
in a bid to enhance the ability to manage variables and minimize incremental risks. We were changing the operating
model through capital-light transformation. “Capital-light” transformation not only means “asset-light”, but also means
“cost-effective”. To this end, we focused on “big wealth management”, striving to increase capital-light income, become
less dependent on interest margin and capital and reduce the size of and cyclical characteristics of the balance sheet where
possible. We sped up technological empowerment, comprehensively built a secure, efficient and convenient mobile Internet
service system and strengthened the integration of processes and businesses to achieve the lowest possible “capital cost”
and “operating cost” while unleashing the vitality of light development. We streamlined our systems and mechanisms
through organizational restructuring. The organizational structure was reshaped for technology, risk, corporate, retail and
financial market segments, so as to create additional productivity out of new relations of production. We have broken down



                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report      9
     P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




     silos across departments to eliminate the gaps and overlaps in their responsibilities where possible. The guiding principle
     of “customer-oriented product departments — product-oriented customer departments” has been promoted with vigor,
     in a bid to improve tiered management of customers and enable response ahead of demand. The “domain system” reform
     has driven an organizational evolution for more efficient integration of business departments and technology departments,
     promoting and fostering digital thinking across front, middle and back offices and building an efficient and science-driven
     decision-making “cockpit” as quickly as possible. We believe that these efforts will bring us closer to the ideal of an agile
     bank. The “light, intelligent and platform-based” evolution is ongoing.

     In 2022, and over the past three years, we rooted the changing world and flourished outwards, staying the course
     of performing our mission of serving our nation and people. No matter what stage we are in, a firm grasp of political
     orientation and people centeredness is always the starting point of all our work. Bearing in mind the country’s most
     fundamental interests, we have always been in tune with the national strategies and with the people. In the face of Chinese
     modernization, we spared no effort to support the real economy. Inclusive finance, medium and long-term credit for
     manufacturing, strategic emerging industries and green credit made remarkable headway with a three-year compound
     growth rate of 30%, 39%, 41% and 57%, respectively. In serving the national strategy of creating world-class enterprises,
     we launched the first proprietary treasury management platform in the industry, contributing CITIC wisdom to the
     treasury system of state-owned enterprises. Our understanding of micro and small enterprises meant we were ready to meet
     their urgent needs and deliver “CITIC care”. In the face of the people’s aspiration for a better life, we have spared
     no effort to serve the public wellbeing. We have accelerated our push for wealth management and launched the brand
     position of “the more we care, the more you gain”. Behind the retail assets under management of nearly RMB4 trillion and
     personal deposits of over RMB1 trillion lies our aspiration to help more people grow their wealth. From sharing the full
     set of “CITIC Solutions” to rarely used Chinese characters, to closing the “digital divide” for tens of millions of people, to
     developing consumer loan products aimed at helping new urban residents access affordable housing, to the senior-friendly
     transformation of outlets and apps, and to the launch of “Happiness+” pension account, we have shown our care and
     concern for every financial need. As a socially responsible corporate citizen, we have systemically advanced the ESG strategy
     to protect lucid waters and lush mountains across our country while attending to the well-being of our employees, and
     building the “Hundred, Thousand and Ten Thousand” targeted poverty alleviation brand while advocating a low-carbon
     lifestyle.

     Over the past three years of vigorous action, all our efforts were aimed at fundamentally addressing the bottlenecks
     on sustainable development, and our evolution was to better create value for customers and shareholders. Every
     painstaking effort we made has turned into the value growth of China CITIC Bank. After three years, the constraints
     on high-quality development have been eliminated in the course of development, and we have returned to the forefront
     of joint-stock banks in terms of main development indicators, making great strides in operating results and overall
     competitiveness. Our footprints left behind have created a “smile curve”. It is a bottoming out of business indicators, but
     also the most real look of CITIC staff marching forward with belief.

     Now, standing before the blueprint for advancing the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation on all fronts, which was outlined
     at the 20th CPC National Congress, we have greater courage and determination to fit into the changing times. Standing
     at a new starting point, we are ready for the next all-out effort with the belief that “nothing will dull our shine”. On the
     new journey ahead, our operation and management will remain focused on improving the integrated value chain of “wealth
     management – asset management – comprehensive financing”. We will continue to be “customer-centric”, create more
     distinct competitive differentiation driven by “digital transition” and “CITIC Synergy” and further promote the high-
     quality development of China CITIC Bank.

     We believe that digital transition is not a simple shift from bank cards to apps, from offline to online, or from fixed
     business hours to 24/7 service. We care more about the “value behind” these efforts. Therefore, we choose to do more
     of it, leaving the complexity and rethinking to our own side: Guided by application empowerment, we will vigorously
     promote the integration of “digitalization, business and technology”, keep making breakthroughs in product innovation,
     capacity building and customer service, and figure out the coordinates of “knowing you better” in the new era. We will
     pursue localization of key infrastructures, move faster to embrace the latest changes in the field of artificial intelligence and
     explore the way for overall digital transition of the banking industry. On the other hand, we will deliver simplicity and
     convenience to customers: On the road to digital transformation, which is people-oriented, we will always pursue keener
     insights into customers and industries, smarter matching of products and demands and more ideal service and experience.
     We will try our best to provide customers with one-stop, multi-scenario professional services, so that the goal of asset
     allocation will become clearer and the actions to preserve and increase wealth will become more targeted, offering customers
     a “far different” service experience.



10   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                         P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




We believe that synergy is not only a unique calling card of China CITIC Bank, but also our biggest core competency.
With the efforts of generations of CITIC staff, CITIC Synergy has shown great dynamism in “wealth management,
comprehensive financing, asset custody, non-performing asset disposal”. It not only plays a more pivotal and catalytic role
in the overall operation, but also makes an increasingly prominent contribution in meeting the diverse customer needs. The
founding of CITIC Financial Holdings has further integrated the banking, securities, trust and insurance arms of CITIC
Group, shoring up our confidence in growing bigger, stronger and better as a provider of comprehensive financial services
in the context of financial disintermediation and cross-sector competition. Backed by the “CITIC United Fleet”, we will
further unleash the advantages of full financial licenses and full industrial coverage of CITIC Group, pool the wisdom of
CITIC experts on all fronts and unleash the synergy of “1+1>2”. We will make personalized asset allocation a possibility,
and create more possibilities for services “beyond finance”.

The tide of the times is surging forward, and the world never ceases to change. On the cusp of this change, what we are
facing or are about to face, has never been so diverse. We do not know what will happen tomorrow. Maybe tomorrow
will be even more stormy, but we will never be trapped or lost there. Because we believe that change is both challenge and
opportunity. We believe that no matter what challenges the changes may bring, banks’ fundamental mission of “serving the
real economy and benefiting all the people” will not change, and the status of customers as the starting point of business
logic will never change. And we believe that beyond the adversity is glory, and we will make further progress toward
establishing a “bank of value”.

As the ancient Chinese wisdom tells us, “To entire sincerity there belongs ceaselessness. Not ceasing, it continues long.
Continuing long, it evidences itself. Evidencing itself, it reaches far”. Although we are only glimmering in the oceans of
stars shaping the universe of high-quality development, the vastness of it keeps us moving and pursuing. Going forward,
we will follow the guiding principles of the 20th NPC National Congress, further implement the “342 Action Plan for
Developing Core Business Capabilities” and continue to create value for customers and shareholders, while continuing to
keep running forward on the road to high-quality development. “The more forward, the more wonderful”.

The year 2023 is bringing the world back on track. Our persistence will eventually meet with a better future. We believe,
so we are smiling.




                                                                                                              Fang Heying
                                                                             Vice Chairman, executive director and President
                                                                                                           23 March, 2023




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report        11
     Definitions

     the reporting period                                          From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022

     the Bank/the Company/China CITIC                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
       Bank/CITIC Bank/CNCB

     the Group                                                     China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries

     Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank                                       Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited

     SSE                                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange

     SEHK                                                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     Hong Kong Listing Rules                                       The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                                                   Hong Kong Limited

     Xinhu Zhongbao                                                Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.

     CITIC Wealth Management                                       CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited

     CNCB Investment                                               CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China
                                                                   Investment and Finance Limited)

     former CBRC                                                   former China Banking Regulatory Commission

     China Tobacco                                                 China National Tobacco Corporation

     CBIRC                                                         China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

     CSRC                                                          China Securities Regulatory Commission

     CITIC aiBank                                                  CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited

     CITIC Limited                                                 CITIC Limited (formerly known as CITIC Pacific Limited prior to renaming
                                                                   in August 2014)

     CIAM                                                          CITIC International Assets Management Limited

     CIFH                                                          CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited

     CITIC Group                                                   CITIC Group Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Group
                                                                   Corporation prior to restructuring in December 2011)

     CITIC Financial Leasing                                       CITIC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.

     CITIC Pacific                                                 CITIC Pacific Limited

     CNCBI                                                         CITIC Bank International Limited (formerly known as CITIC Ka Wah
                                                                   Bank Limited)

     CITIC Corporation Limited                                     CITIC Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Limited prior to
                                                                   renaming in August 2014)

     (Note:   The definitions are arranged in the alphabetic order of Mandarin Pin Yin)




12   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction

      1.1 Corporate Information

    Registered Name in Chinese                                  中信銀行股份有限公司 (abbreviated as “中信銀行”)
    Registered Name in English                                  CHINA CITIC BANK CORPORATION LIMITED (abbreviated as “CNCB”)
    Legal Representative                                        Zhu Hexin
    Authorized Representative                                   Fang Heying, Zhang Qing
    Secretary to the Board of Directors                         Zhang Qing
    Joint Company Secretaries                                   Zhang Qing, Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCG, HKFCG)
    Securities Representative of the Company                    Wang Junwei
                                                                6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District,
    Registered and Office Address1
                                                                Beijing
    Postal Code of the Registered and Office Address            100020
    Official Website                                            www.citicbank.com
    Telephone Number/Fax Number for Investors                   +86-10-66638188/+86-10-65559255
    Email Address for Investors                                 ir@citicbank.com
    Customer Service and Complaint                              95558
       Telephone Number
    Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong                    5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                                China Securities Journal (www.cs.com.cn)
    Media for Information Disclosure                            Shanghai Securities News (www.cnstock.com)
                                                                Securities Times (www.stcn.com)
                                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange (abbreviated as “SSE”) website publishing A-share
                                                                annual report:
                                                                www.sse.com.cn
    Websites for Information Disclosure
                                                                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (abbreviated as “SEHK”) website
                                                                publishing H-share annual report:
                                                                www.hkexnews.hk
                                                                Office of the Board of Directors of CITIC Bank, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua
    Place Where Annual Reports are Kept
                                                                Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
    Legal Adviser as to PRC Laws                                East & Concord Partners
    Legal Adviser as to Hong Kong Laws                          Clifford Chance LLP
                                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
    Domestic Auditor                                            42/F Qiantan Center, 588 Dongyu Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China
                                                                (Postal code: 200126)
    Domestic Signing CPAs                                       Linda Yip and Li Yan
                                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Overseas Auditor
                                                                22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
    Overseas Signing CPA                                        Linda Yip
    Sponsor 1 for Continuous Supervision and                    CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.
      Guidance
                                                                23/F, CITIC Securities Mansion, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District,
    Office Address and Telephone                                Beijing
                                                                +86-10-60838888
    Signing Sponsor Representatives                             Ma Xiaolong and Hu Yan2
                                                                From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
    Duration of Continuous Supervision and                      are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
     Guidance                                                   supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                                                conversion or redemption upon maturity, whichever is earlier)
    Sponsor 2 for Continuous Supervision and                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
      Guidance

1        The registered address of the Bank was changed from “Building C of Fuhua Building, No. 8 Chaoyangmen Beidajia, Dongcheng District, Beijing” to “No. 9
         Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing” in 2015 and to “6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing” in
         2020.
2        For details of changes in sponsor representatives for continuous supervision and guidance, please refer to the Announcement of China CITIC Bank Corporation
         Limited on Change of Sponsor Representatives for Continuous Supervision and Guidance published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
         (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 13 December 2022.



                                                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report           13
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




                                                                     27-28/F, China World Office 2, No. 1 Jianguomen Waidajie, Beijing
         Office Address and Telephone
                                                                     +86-10-65051166
         Signing Sponsor Representatives                             Ai Yu and Zhou Yinbin3
                                                                     From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
         Duration of Continuous Supervision and                      are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
          Guidance                                                   supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                                                     conversion or redemption upon maturity, whichever is earlier)
                                                                     China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch
         A-share Registrar
                                                                     188 Yanggao South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
         H-share Registrar
                                                                     Shops 1712-1716, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                     A-share Ordinary shares              Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                                                 CNCB                     601998
                                                                                 Preference shares        Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                                                 CITIC Excellent 1        360025
                                                                                 Convertible              Shanghai Stock Exchange
         Listing Venue, Stock Name and Stock Code
                                                                                 corporate bonds
                                                                                 CITIC Convertible        113021
                                                                                 Bonds
                                                                     H-share Ordinary shares              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                                                 CITIC Bank               0998
                                                                     SSE A Share Index, SSE Composite Index, Shanghai Shenzhen CSI 300 Index,
         Constituent Stock of Major Indexes
                                                                     CSI 800 Index, Hang Seng China H-Financials Index, FTSE China A50 Index
                                                                     Standard & Poor’s:
                                                                     (1) Long-term issuer credit rating: BBB+;
                                                                     (2) Short-term rating: A-2;
                                                                     (3) Outlook: Stable.

                                                                     Moody’s:
                                                                     (1) Deposit rating: Baa2/P-2;
                                                                     (2) Baseline credit assessment: ba2;
                                                                     (3) Outlook: Stable.

                                                                     Fitch Ratings:
                                                                     (1) Default rating: BBB;
         Credit Ratings
                                                                     (2) Support rating: 2;
                                                                     (3) Support rating floor: BBB;
                                                                     (4) Viability rating: bb-;
                                                                     (5) Outlook: Stable.

                                                                     Dagong:
                                                                     (1) Issuer rating: AAA;
                                                                     (2) Outlook: Stable.

                                                                     CCX:
                                                                     (1) Issuer rating: AAA;
                                                                     (2) Outlook: Stable.




     3        For details of changes in sponsor representatives for continuous supervision and guidance, please refer to the Announcement of China CITIC Bank Corporation
              Limited on Change of Sponsor Representatives for Continuous Supervision and Guidance and the Announcement of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited on Change
              of Sponsor Representatives published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 13
              December 2022 and 21 February 2023.




14   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                         Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




 1.2 Contact Persons and Contact Details

                 Secretary to the                           Securities Representative
                 Board of Directors                         of the Company
Name             Zhang Qing                                 Wang Junwei
                 Building No. 1, 10 Chaoyang District,      Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road,
Address
                 Guanghua Beijing                           Chaoyang District, Beijing
Telephone        +86-10-66638188                            +86-10-66638188
Fax              +86-10-65559255                            +86-10-65559255
Email Address    ir@citicbank.com                           ir@citicbank.com




                                                                                   2022 Annual Report   15
     1.3 Honors and Awards




     the Bank was granted the “Award for Market Innovation
     X-Repo”, “Award for Market Innovation X-Bargain”, “Award
     for Market Innovation X-Swap”, “Award for Market Influence –
     Core Dealer”, “Award for Market Influence – Currency Market
     Dealer”, “Award for Market Influence – Issuer of Interbank
     Certificates of Deposit”, “Award for Market Influence – Bond     the Bank was named the “Excellent Market
     Market Dealer”, “Award for Market Influence – Derivatives        Institution”, “Excellent Accepting House”,
     Market Dealer”, and “Award for Market Influence – Opening-       “Excellent Custody and Settlement Institution”,
     up Participant” in Interbank Local Currency Market by            “Excellent Provider of Bill Payment Services”,
     National Interbank Funding Center. The Bank was also named       “Excellent Provider of Commercial Paper
     the “Excellent Northbound Market Maker” by Bond Connect          Information Disclosure Services”, and “Excellent
     Company Limited and the “Participants in Financial Market        Institution for Bill Business Promotion” of the
     Innovation of the Cross-border Interbank Payment System" by      year by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange
     CIPS CO., Ltd.                                                   Corporation Ltd. The Bank’s mobile banking                              the Bank’s Open Banking 2.0 project
                                                                      was also selected as the “Innovative Mobile                             was selected as the “Best API and
                                                                      Banking of the Year” by Sina Institute for                              Open Banking Product, Application or
                                                                      Financial Studies.                                                      Project in China” by The Asian Banker.




     2022                                               February                                                           May

                        January                                                         March                                                                June


                                     the Bank ranked 21st among the “Top 500 Banking                the Bank was awarded the “Award for Interactive
                                     Brands” published by The Banker magazine of                    Relations with Minority Investors” by p5w.net, and
                                     the United Kingdom. It also won the “Annual                    the Bank’s audit technology platform was selected as
                                     Comprehensive Award for Centralized Clearing                   the “Excellent Case of Annual Digital Risk Control in
                                     Business – Outstanding Clearing Member”, “Annual               Digital Transformation of China’s Banking Sector” by
                                     Comprehensive Award for Issuance, Registration,                China Banking and Insurance News.
                                     Custody and Settlement Business – Outstanding
                                     Settlement Member”, and “Excellence Award for
                                     Proprietary Clearing of Annual Standard Bond
                                     Forward” of Interbank Market Clearing House Co.,
                                     Ltd.




16   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                             the Bank was named “Model Unit
                                             in Green Bank Ratings” by CBIRC
                                             and the China Banking Association;
                                             the “Excellent Settlement Member”,
                                             “Excellent Underwriter”, “Excellent
the Bank ranked 19th on The Banker
                                             Clearing Member” and “Excellence
magazine of the United Kingdom’s list of
                                             Award for Proprietary Clearing of
the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms
                                             Standard Bond Forward” by Shanghai
of tier-one capital, and ranked second
                                             Clearing House; the “Best Private
among joint stock banks in CBIRC’s
                                             Placement Sales Bank” by www.chnfund.      the Bank was selected among the “Excellent Cases of
regulatory ratings of financial services
                                             com; the “Annual Wealth Management         Corporate ESG Inclusive Finance” by www.xinhuanet.com
for micro and small enterprises. The
                                             Award” by National Business Daily; and     and China Enterprise Reform and Development Society.
Bank’s audit technology platform was
                                             the “Aging Financial Service Provider      It also won the “Award for Best Wealth Management of
selected as the “Excellent Case of Digital
                                             of the Year” by the Securities Times. In   the Year” by www.stockstar.com; the “Commercial Bank of
Internal Audit” by the First National
                                             the 2022 First Ecosystem Brand Summit      the Year for Empowering High-quality Development with
Digital Auditing Conference and awarded
                                             held by Caijing, the Bank won the          Innovation” by www.investor.org.cn; and “Retail Bank of
the “Award for the Best Regulatory
                                             “Ecosystem Brand Evaluation”, and its      the Year” by China Times.
Technology Implementation in Asia-
                                             “CITIC carbon account” and “supply
Pacific” by The Asian Banker.
                                             chain finance” were selected among the
                                             “benchmark cases of ecosystem brands”.


                                             August                            October                                   December

                        July                                 September                              November

                                                                                                the Bank was recognized as the “Excellent Participant in the
                                                                                                Digital Supply-Chain Financial Service Platform” by China
                                                                                                National Clearing Center; the “Outstanding Brand Bank of
                                                                                                the Year” by The Economic Observer; the “Most Influential
the Bank was selected as the “National Outstanding         the Bank was awarded the “Golden     Wealth Management Bank” by Caijing; the “Best Bank for
Institution for Annual Credit System Data Quality          Bull Award for Bank Wealth           Auto Financial Services” by 21st Century Business Herald;
in the Banking Sector” by the Credit Reference             Management Sales” by China           the “Cross-border Financial Service Platform of the Year”
Center, the People’ Bank of China, as well as the          Securities Journal and the “Most     by Jiemian.com; and the “Award for the Best Transaction
“Excellent Monetary Transaction Institution under          Progressive Bank of the Year” and    Banking Brand” and “Best Bank for Cross-border Financial
the Belt and Road Initiative” and “Best Foreign            “Most Socially Responsible Bank      Services” by the Organizing Committee of the Annual
Currency Lending Member” by the China Foreign              of the Year” by www.stockstar.com.   Conference of China Transaction Banking. The Bank’s rural
Exchange Trade System.                                                                          revitalization case was selected as the “Innovative Case in
                                                                                                Rural Revitalization” by the Financial Research Institute of
                                                                                                People’s Daily.


                                                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report          17
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




         1.4 Financial Highlights

     1.4.1 Operating Performance
                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                               Growth
       Item                                                                               2022                         2021                   rate (%)                  2020
       Operating income                                                              211,109                      204,554                            3.20            195,399
       Profit before tax                                                              73,416                       65,517                           12.06             57,857
       Net profit attributable to the                                                 62,103                       55,641                           11.61             48,980
         equity holders of the Bank
       Net cash flow from/(used in)                                                  195,066                       (75,394)          Negative in the                 156,863
         operating activities                                                                                                          same period
                                                                                                                                        of last year
       Per share
       Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                      1.17                        1.08                    8.33                     0.94
       Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                    1.06                        0.98                    8.16                     0.86
       Net cash flows from/(used in)                                                       3.99                       (1.54)        Negative in the                     3.21
         operating activities per share (RMB)                                                                                       same period of
                                                                                                                                           last year

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                            2022
       Item                                                                      1st Quarter                 2nd Quarter                 3rd Quarter              4th Quarter
       Operating income                                                                53,954                      54,264                          51,974             50,917
       Net profit attributable to the equity
        holders of the Bank                                                            17,350                      15,174                          14,579             15,000
       Net cash flows from/(used in)
        operating activities                                                           29,757                        6,462                     (31,328)             190,175


     1.4.2 Profitability Indicators
                                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                                        (decrease) in
                                                                                                                                          percentage
       Item                                                                               2022                         2021                    point                    2020
       Return on average assets (ROAA) (1)                                              0.76%                       0.72%                            0.04             0.69%
       Return on average equity (ROAE, not
         including non-controlling equity) (2)                                        10.80%                       10.73%                            0.07            10.08%
       Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax
         and surcharges) (3)                                                          30.66%                       29.34%                            1.32            26.73%
       Credit cost (4)                                                                 1.12%                        1.08%                            0.04             1.64%
       Net interest spread (5)                                                         1.92%                        1.99%                           (0.07)            2.18%
       Net interest margin (6)                                                         1.97%                        2.05%                           (0.08)            2.26%

     Notes: (1) Return on average assets (ROAA) = net profit/the average of the balances of total assets at the beginning and end of the period.
             (2) Return on average equity (ROAE) = net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank/the average of beginning and ending total equity
                  attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank.
             (3) Cost-to-income ratio = (operating expenses – tax and surcharges)/operating income.
             (4) Credit cost = current-year accruals of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers/average balance of loans and advances to customers.
             (5) Net interest spread = average yield on total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
             (6) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.




18   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                    Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




1.4.3 Scale Indicators
                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                                31 December                31 December                Growth          31 December
  Item                                                                                 2022                       2021               rate (%)                2020
  Total assets                                                                      8,547,543                8,042,884                   6.27             7,511,161
  Total loans and advances to customers (1)                                         5,152,772                4,855,969                   6.11             4,473,307
     – Corporate loans                                                              2,524,016                2,336,179                   8.04             2,170,400
     – Discounted bills                                                               511,846                  465,966                   9.85               411,007
     – Personal loans                                                               2,116,910                2,053,824                   3.07             1,891,900
  Total liabilities                                                                 7,861,713                7,400,258                   6.24             6,951,123
  Total deposits from customers (1)                                                 5,099,348                4,736,584                   7.66             4,528,399
     – Corporate demand deposits (2)                                                1,951,555                1,974,319                  (1.15)            1,915,266
     – Corporate time and call deposits                                             1,855,977                1,789,956                   3.69             1,674,846
     – Personal demand deposits                                                       349,013                  310,054                  12.57               327,110
     – Personal time and call deposits                                                942,803                  662,255                  42.36               611,177
  Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions                           1,143,776                1,174,763                  (2.64)            1,163,641
  Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                            70,741                   78,331                  (9.69)               57,756
  Total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Bank                         665,418                  626,303                   6.25               544,573
  Total equity attributable to the ordinary shareholders
     of the Bank                                                                       550,477                 511,362                    7.65              469,625
  Net asset per share attributable to the ordinary shareholders
     of the Bank (RMB)                                                                    11.25                  10.45                    7.66                   9.60

Notes: (1) As per the Notice on Amending and Issuing the Formats of Financial Statements for Financial Enterprises for 2018 (Finance and Accounting [2018] No.36)
             issued by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), the interest of a financial instrument accrued according to the effective interest method should be included in the
             book balance of the corresponding financial instrument and reflected in relevant items of the balance sheet. The Group prepared the financial statements
             according to requirements in the above notice since 2018. For the convenience of analysis, “total loans and advances to customers” and “total deposits from
             customers” do not include relevant interest.
         (2) Corporate demand deposits included demand deposits from corporate customers and outward remittance and remittance payables of corporate customers.



1.4.4 Asset Quality Indicators
                                                                                31 December                31 December                Growth          31 December
  Item                                                                                 2022                       2021               rate (%)                2020
  NPL ratio (1)                                                                         1.27%                   1.39%                   (0.12)               1.64%
  Allowance coverage ratio (2)                                                        201.19%                 180.07%                   21.12              171.68%
  Allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans (3)                               2.55%                   2.50%                    0.05                2.82%

Notes: (1) NPL ratio = balance of NPLs/total loans and advances to customers.
         (2) Allowance coverage ratio = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding allowance for impairment losses on
             accrued interest)/balance of NPLs.
         (3) The ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding
             allowance for impairment losses on accrued interest)/total loans and advances to customers.




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report           19
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




     1.4.5 Other Main Regulatory Indicators

                                                                                                                               Increase/(decrease)
                                                                        Regulatory       31 December         31 December            in percentage      31 December
       Item (note)                                                           value              2022                2021                    point             2020
       Capital adequacy profile
       Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                 ≥7.50%            8.74%                 8.85%                     (0.11)          8.74%
       Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                      ≥8.50%           10.63%                10.88%                     (0.25)         10.18%
       Capital adequacy ratio                                              ≥10.50%           13.18%                13.53%                     (0.35)         13.01%
       Leverage profile
       Leverage ratio                                                              ≥4%        6.59%                  6.78%                    (0.19)          6.40%
       Liquidity risk profile
       Liquidity coverage ratio                                              ≥100%          168.03%               146.59%                    21.44          135.14%
       Liquidity ratio
       Including: Local and foreign currencies                                 ≥25%          62.61%                59.09%                     3.52           58.09%
                  Renminbi                                                     ≥25%          62.18%                59.99%                     2.19           58.21%
                  Foreign currencies                                           ≥25%          69.24%                58.98%                    10.26           67.11%

     Notes: (1) The figures in the table were calculated in accordance with the regulatory consolidation standards of the Chinese banking industry.
             (2) The Group calculated and disclosed the capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the Provisional Measures for Capital Management of Commercial Banks.
                     Starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group incorporated JSC Altyn Bank into the scope of consolidated capital management (including capital
                     adequacy ratio and leverage ratio indicators at all tiers).



     1.4.6 Differences between IFRS and PRC Accounting Standards
     There is no difference between the 2022 year-end net assets and the net profit of 2022 of the Group calculated according
     to the PRC Accounting Standards and those calculated as per the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).




20   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                 Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




1.4.7 Five-Year Financial Summary
                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                        2019                 2018
 Item                                                                     2022                 2021                 2020           (Restated)           (Restated)
 Operating performance
 Operating income                                                      211,109              204,554             195,399              187,881              165,766
 Profit before tax                                                      73,416               65,517              57,857               56,545               54,326
 Net profit attributable to the equity
    holders of the Bank                                                 62,103               55,641              48,980               48,015               44,513
 Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities                     195,066              (75,394)            156,863              116,969              102,316
 Per share
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                            1.17                 1.08                 0.94                 0.95                0.88
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                          1.06                 0.98                 0.86                 0.89                0.88
 Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
    activities per share (RMB)                                             3.99                (1.54)                3.21                 2.39                2.09
 Scale indicators
 Total assets                                                       8,547,543            8,042,884            7,511,161            6,750,433            6,066,714
 Total loans and advances to customers                              5,152,772            4,855,969            4,473,307            3,997,987            3,608,412
 Total liabilities                                                  7,861,713            7,400,258            6,951,123            6,217,909            5,613,628
 Total deposits from customers                                      5,099,348            4,736,584            4,528,399            4,038,820            3,616,423
 Total equity attributable to the equity
    holders of the Bank                                                665,418              626,303             544,573              517,311              436,661
 Total equity attributable to the ordinary
    shareholders of the Bank                                           550,477              511,362             469,625              442,363              401,706
 Net asset per share attributable to the ordinary
    shareholders of the Bank (RMB)                                        11.25                10.45                 9.60                 9.04                8.21
 Profitability indicators
 Return on average assets (ROAA)                                        0.76%                0.72%                0.69%                0.76%                0.77%
 Return on average equity (ROAE)                                       10.80%               10.73%               10.08%               11.06%               11.36%
 Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax
    and surcharges)                                                    30.66%               29.34%               26.73%               27.84%               30.71%
 Credit cost                                                            1.12%                1.08%                1.64%                1.79%                1.40%
 Net interest spread (note)                                             1.92%                1.99%                2.18%                2.36%                2.22%
 Net interest margin (note)                                             1.97%                2.05%                2.26%                2.45%                2.31%
 Asset quality indicators
 NPL ratio                                                              1.27%                1.39%               1.64%                1.65%                1.77%
 Allowance coverage ratio                                             201.19%              180.07%             171.68%              175.25%              157.98%
 Allowance for loan impairment
    losses to total loans                                                2.55%                2.50%               2.82%                2.90%                2.80%
 Capital adequacy ratios
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                   8.74%                8.85%                8.74%                8.69%                8.62%
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                       10.63%               10.88%               10.18%               10.20%                9.43%
 Capital adequacy ratio                                                13.18%               13.53%               13.01%               12.44%               12.47%

Note:   According to the Notice on Strictly Implementing the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and Strengthening the 2020 Annual Report Related Work of
        Enterprises jointly issued by the MOF, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the CBIRC and the CSRC, the Group reclassified the
        installment income of credit card-based consumption from fee income to interest income since 2020, and the net interest spread and net interest margin of 2019
        and 2018 were restated.




                                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report           21
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis

        2.1 Industry Overview of the Company

     In 2022, China’s banking industry put serving the real economy in a more prominent position, and helped market entities
     to overcome difficulties and return to normal operation and life. It fully tapped new driving forces and growth potentials,
     gave full support to stabilizing macroeconomy, worked hard to forestall and defuse financial risks, continued to deepen
     supply-side structural reform in the financial sector, and thus maintained a good momentum of stable economic operation.
     The financial institutions in the banking industry continuously stepped up corporate governance efforts and further
     enhanced equity management. They further optimized credit structure and allocated new credit resources to micro and
     small enterprises, manufacturing, technological innovation and green development. They continued to promote the quality
     improvement and upgrading of intermediary business. Wealth management business developed vibrantly. They further
     improved the capabilities for endogenous risk prevention and control. The quality of assets was stable and improved.

     From the macroeconomic point of view, in the face of severe challenges as the complex and volatile international economic
     and financial situations and downward pressure on the economy, the departments in various regions efficiently coordinated
     the risks prevention & control and economic & social development, the economic aggregate reached a new level, and new
     achievements have been made in high-quality development. The gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate was 3.0%, with
     the consumption expenditure, gross capital formation, and net exports of goods and services each contributing 1.0, 1.5 and
     0.5 percentage points to economic growth, their respective share of economic growth contribution being 32.8%, 50.1%
     and 17.1%. The Chinese economy enjoys strong resilience, tremendous potential and great vitality. The fundamentals
     sustaining its long-term growth have remained strong, and there were many conditions favorable for the ongoing economic
     revival.

     From the perspective of industrial development, the banking industry saw steady growth in total assets and profits, with
     stable asset quality and strong risk offsetting ability. China’s financial institutions in the banking industry had total assets of
     RMB379.4 trillion, an increase of 10.0% over the end of the previous year. Annual net profits reached RMB2.3 trillion, an
     increase of 5.4% over the previous year. The year-end balance of non-performing loans (NPLs) stood at RMB2.98 trillion,
     with the NPL ratio being 1.63%. The capital adequacy ratio was 15.17%.

     Regarding policies and measures, regulators firmly implemented a package of policies and continued policies to stabilize
     the economy, focused on improving the quality and efficiency of financial services for the real economy, and resolutely
     supported the stabilization of the economy. The regulators introduced 23 measures on financial support for economic &
     social development, supported credit granting and capital replenishment in key infrastructure sectors, and launched carbon
     emission reduction supporting tools and re-loans supporting clean and efficient coal use. They also launched special re-loans
     for technological innovation, equipment renovation, transportation & logistics and inclusive pension, promoted financial
     services for rural revitalization and the strategy of boosting China’s strengths in manufacturing, and maintained the steady
     operation of the real estate market. With regulatory authorities’ persistent “strict supervision and heavy punishment”,
     market irregularities continued to receding, and commercial banks returned to their original aspiration by pursuing high-
     quality and sustainable development.



        2.2 Main Business of the Company

     The Bank aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best comprehensive financial services with
     a human touch. The Bank fully leverages the advantages of CITIC Group’s comprehensive platform featuring “Finance +
     Real Economy”, and at the same time holds firm to its business concept of “customer orientation, reform driven, science
     & technology, asset-light development, compliant operation and strengthening the Bank through talents”. For corporate
     customers and institutional customers, the Bank offers integrated financial solutions in corporate banking business,
     international business, financial markets business, institutional banking business, investment banking business, transaction
     banking business and custody business. For individual customers, the Bank provides diversified financial products and
     services in retail banking, credit card, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, going abroad finance and
     e-banking. As such, the Bank satisfies the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for comprehensive
     financial services on all fronts. For details about the Bank’s business during the reporting period, please refer to the section
     of “Business Overview” in this chapter.




22   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




    2.3 Core Competitiveness Analysis

Standardized and highly efficient corporate governance. The Bank made great headway in boosting the building of
a modern enterprise with Chinese characteristics, and persisted to implement the Party leadership over state-owned
enterprises as a significant political principle and the establishment of a modern enterprise system as the direction of
the reform of state-owned enterprises. It has always adhered to market-oriented operation and constantly improved its
corporate governance and business operation systems and mechanisms forming an organizational structure characterized
by efficient management and professional division of duties. With reference to the theory and practice of modern bank
development and considering the requirements for Party building, the Bank set up a science-based corporate governance
framework comprised of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the general meeting of shareholders and the
senior management, and integrated Party leadership into its corporate governance. According to the principle of separating
the front, middle and back offices, the Bank established a matrix management model with the Head Office departments
as the lines and the branches and sub-branches as the arrays. The general meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors,
the Board of Supervisors and the senior management of the Bank functioned according to rules and performed duties
effectively.

Significant edges in synergy. Following the development principle of “One CITIC, One Customer”, the Bank upheld the
synergy philosophy of “Altruism and Win-win Cooperation”, and consistently fortified the main platform of collaboration
across the Group. It established three service systems centering on government, enterprises and individuals by adhering
to the customer-centric principle. Focusing on development, the Bank delved into the five major areas of cooperation,
namely, finance and finance cooperation, industry and finance cooperation, parent company and subsidiary cooperation,
cross-border cooperation and regional cooperation. In a result-oriented manner, the Bank provided support in terms of
mechanism, think tank, talent, system and brand, and deeply built the “Two-ecosystems and One Community”4 of CITIC
Synergy. In this way, the Bank improved the synergy multiplier effect, and provided customers with the best comprehensive
services featuring “More Than Banking, More Than Finance, Finance + Real Economy”.

Vigorous explorations and innovations. As China’s first commercial bank participating in financing at both domestic and
international financial markets, the Bank is renowned at home and abroad for brushing numerous track records in the
modern Chinese financial history. It has the genes of innovation and drives its development through innovation as well.
The Bank has carried forward the CITIC style of exploration and innovation. It further boosted innovation in products
and services, and gained unique competitive advantages in businesses such as investment banking, cross-border business,
institutional banking, transaction banking, auto finance, going abroad finance, credit card, forex market making and
custody of mutual funds.

Effective risk prevention and control. The Bank continued to improve the risk management system in which risks can
be put under control and development can be boosted, and improved the quality and efficiency of risk management.
It strengthened comprehensive risk management, and effectively transmitted sound risk appetite. It pushed forward the
combination of Five Policies5 in depth, invested resources in key areas and high-quality customers of national need and
with promising markets, and adjusted the credit strategy according to changes in situations and policies. With consistent
efforts in controlling new risks and resolving old ones, the Bank enhanced the risk control capacity of all institutions, all
products, all customers and all processes, and consolidated the upward trend of asset quality. It accelerated the building
of the smart risk control system, comprehensively enhanced the online risk control capacity of the business, continued to
build an intelligent platform for comprehensive risk management, developed risk management tools based on big data, and
made risk prevention and control more forward-looking and targeted.

All-around empowerment by financial technology. Adhering to enabling advancement through technology and driving
development with innovation, the Bank comprehensively empowered business development and strove to be a top
technology-driven bank. It continued to increase its investment in technology, make its products and services more
competitive, drive the transformation of business and operation models and create a data-driven development model.
It became the first medium-and-large bank in China to launch the independently developed distributed core system,
improving its comprehensive capabilities of empowering development through financial technology on all fronts. New
technologies such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, Internet of Things and big data were gradually and in-depth applied
in increasingly wider business fields to drive the development of the Bank.

4	Expanding the ecosystem of friends in collaboration, building a collaborative ecosystem and forming a collaborative development community.
5	The “Five Policies” refer to industry research, credit policies, approval standards, marketing guidelines, and resource and evaluation policies.




                                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   23
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Distinctive brand and corporate culture. By refining the cultural elements over the past 35 years, the Bank fostered a
     distinctive corporate culture. It aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best comprehensive
     financial services with a human touch. Moreover, it adheres to the core values of customer orientation, integrity,
     innovation, collaboration and excellence, and assumes missions to create value for customers, seek happiness for employees,
     make profit for shareholders and perform responsibility for society. It released the new brand premise “the more we care,
     the more you gain” to repay stakeholders with a brand-new look. In February 2022, the Bank ranked 21st on the list of
     the “Top 500 Global Bank Brands” rated by The Banker magazine of the United Kingdom with a brand value of USD12.8
     billion.

     Professional and brilliant talent team. Holding “people first”, the Bank deepened the human resource reform, respected
     the characteristics and growth pattern of financial personnel, and established a value-based and employee-centric talent
     management mechanism and a modern market-oriented human resources management system to serve the bank-wide
     strategic transformation and high-quality and sustainable development. Upholding the talent concept of “uniting those
     men in progression, inspiring men of action and promoting men with achievement” and through a reasonable competition-
     based manager appointment, the Bank selected personnel based on business needs, continued to improve the performance
     evaluation system and reinforce incentive constraints, and built diversified talent development channels so as to vigorously
     foster teams of inter-disciplinary talents with excellent business competence, strong management capability and high value.



        2.4 Overview of the Operating Results

     In 2022, the Bank resolutely implemented the plans and decisions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council
     as well as regulatory requirements, consistently pressed ahead with the three-year development plan, deepened the
     implementation of “342 Action Plan for Developing Core Business Capabilities”, and focused on improving development
     quality. Through these efforts, it completed all tasks with satisfying results and maintained an upward development
     momentum.

     Operating income increased stably and good results were achieved in profitability. During the reporting period, the Group
     realized RMB211.109 billion operating income, an increase of 3.20% compared with the previous year. Specifically, net
     interest income registered RMB150.647 billion, up by 1.86% compared with last year; net non-interest income posted
     RMB60.462 billion, up by 6.71% compared with the previous year. The Group realized RMB62.103 billion of net profit
     attributable to the shareholders of the Bank, up by 11.61% over the previous year. Return on average assets (ROAA) stood
     at 0.76%, up by 0.04 percentage points compared with previous year; while return on average equity (ROAE) was 10.80%,
     up by 0.07 percentage points compared with previous year.

     Asset quality maintained the momentum of improvement with both NPL balance and NPL ratio decreased. As at the end
     of the reporting period, the NPL balance of the Group recorded RMB65.213 billion, a decrease of RMB2.246 billion or 3.33%
     over the end of the previous year, corresponding to an NPL ratio of 1.27%, down by 0.12 percentage points over the end
     of the previous year. The Group’s allowance coverage ratio and the ratio of allowance for impairment of loans to total loans
     stood at 201.19% and 2.55%, respectively, an increase of 21.12 percentage points and 0.05 percentage points over the end
     of the previous year.

     Business scale grew steadily, and greater efforts were made to support the real economy. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Group recorded total assets of RMB8,547.543 billion, an increase of 6.27% over the end of the previous
     year; its total loans and advances to customers (excluding accrued interest) stood at RMB5,152.772 billion, a growth
     of 6.11% over the end of the previous year; and its total deposits from customers (excluding accrued interest) recorded
     RMB5,099.348 billion, marking a 7.66% increase from the end of last year. During the reporting period, the Group
     actively implemented national policies on ensuring overall economic stability, increased credit support for key regions
     and industries, and delivered quality services to manufacturing, high-tech, green finance, and other key areas, attaining a
     adjusted business structure while improving the quality and efficiency of services for the real economy.




24   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




   2.5 Analysis of the Financial Statements

2.5.1 Income Statement Analysis
During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB62.103 billion net profit attributable to the equity holders of
the Bank, up by 11.61% over last year. The table below sets out the changes in the main items of the Group’s income
statement during the reporting period.

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                                                            Increase/        Growth
 Item                                                            2022           2021       (decrease)       rate (%)
 Operating income                                             211,109        204,554             6,555          3.20
   – Net interest income                                      150,647        147,896             2,751          1.86
   – Net non-interest income                                   60,462         56,658             3,804          6.71
 Operating expenses                                           (66,838)       (62,224)           (4,614)         7.42
 Credit and other asset impairment losses                     (71,404)       (77,048)            5,644         (7.33)
 Profit before tax                                             73,416         65,517             7,899         12.06
 Income tax                                                   (10,466)        (9,140)           (1,326)        14.51
 Profit for the year                                           62,950         56,377             6,573         11.66
 Including: Net profit attributable to the equity
                holders of the Bank                            62,103         55,641            6,462          11.61


2.5.1.1 Operating Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized operating income of RMB211.109 billion, up by 3.20% over last year,
of which net interest income accounted for 71.4%, down by 0.9 percentage points from the previous year and net non-
interest income accounted for 28.6%, up by 0.9 percentage points over the previous year.

                                                                                                              Unit: %
 Item                                                                                   2022                   2021
 Net interest income                                                                     71.4                   72.3
 Net non-interest income                                                                 28.6                   27.7
 Total                                                                                  100.0                  100.0




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report   25
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.1.2 Net Interest Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB150.647 billion of net interest income, an increase of RMB2.751
     billion or 1.86% over the previous year. The table below sets out the average balances and average interest rates of the
     Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances of assets and liabilities are average daily
     balances.

                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million
                                                                                          2022                                                     2021
                                                                       Average                       Average yield/                  Average                   Average yield/
      Item                                                             balance              Interest cost rate (%)                   balance        Interest    cost rate (%)
      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers                               4,979,084              239,656                  4.81          4,666,055        232,636              4.99
      Financial investments (1)                                     1,831,848               58,814                  3.21          1,752,694         59,674              3.40
      Deposits with central banks                                     406,712                6,100                  1.50            408,003          6,073              1.49
      Deposits and placements with, and loans
         to banks and non-bank financial
         institutions                                                 345,851                 7,947                 2.30            333,761          6,515              1.95
      Financial assets held under resale
         agreements                                                     75,144                1,092                 1.45              64,665         1,267              1.96
      Subtotal                                                      7,638,639              313,609                  4.11          7,225,178        306,165              4.24
      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Deposits from customers                                       4,999,113              102,997                  2.06          4,630,091         92,388              2.00
      Deposits and placements from banks and
         non-bank financial institutions                            1,211,197               25,504                  2.11          1,226,365         30,031              2.45
      Debt securities issued                                          966,176               27,082                  2.80            852,438         26,962              3.16
      Borrowings from central banks                                   169,058                4,974                  2.94            226,967          6,804              3.00
      Financial assets sold under repurchase
         agreements                                                     96,959                1,935                 2.00              75,329         1,631              2.17
      Others                                                            10,573                  470                 4.45              10,852           453              4.17
      Subtotal                                                      7,453,076              162,962                  2.19          7,022,042        158,269              2.25
      Net interest income                                                                  150,647                                                 147,896
      Net interest spread (2)                                                                                       1.92                                                1.99
      Net interest margin (3)                                                                                       1.97                                                2.05

     Notes: (1) Financial investments included financial investments measured at amortized cost and financial investments measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income.
             (2) Net interest spread = average yield of total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
             (3) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.




26   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




The table below sets out the changes in the Group’s net interest income resulting from changes in the scale and interest
rate factors.

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                                 2022 compared with 2021
                                                                                                Interest
 Item                                                                   Scale factor         rate factor              Total
 Assets
 Loans and advances to customers                                             15,620              (8,600)             7,020
 Financial investments                                                        2,691              (3,551)              (860)
 Deposits with central banks                                                    (19)                 46                 27
 Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
   non-bank financial institutions                                              236              1,196               1,432
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                                  205               (380)               (175)
 Changes in interest income                                                  18,733            (11,289)              7,444
 Liabilities
 Deposits from customers                                                      7,380              3,229              10,609
 Deposits and placements from banks and non-bank
   financial institutions                                                      (372)             (4,155)             (4,527)
 Debt certificates issued                                                     3,594              (3,474)                120
 Borrowings from central banks                                               (1,737)                (93)             (1,830)
 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                              469                (165)                304
 Others                                                                         (12)                 29                  17
 Changes in interest expense                                                  9,322              (4,629)              4,693
 Changes in net interest income                                               9,411              (6,660)              2,751


Net Interest Margin and Net Interest Spread
During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin and net interest spread registered 1.97% and 1.92%
respectively, representing a decrease of 0.08 percentage points and 0.07 percentage points over the previous year. The
Group’s yield of interest-earning assets was 4.11%, down by 0.13 percentage points over the previous year; the cost rate
of interest-bearing liabilities was 2.19%, down by 0.06 percentage points over the previous year. In 2022, net interest
margin of the banking sector was generally under pressure due to the impact of factors such as the downward interest rate
changes. The Group actively responded to the national policy guidance and resolutely implemented the guidelines and
policies to make concessions to the real economy. It considered its development needs at the same time, and adhered to the
development philosophy of “balance between quantity and price” and “place equal emphasis on quality and efficiency”. On
the one hand, the Bank stepped up efforts in the marketing and acquisition of high-quality assets. On the other hand, it
focused on deposit cost control, and strived to stabilize the interest spread through structural optimization.

2.5.1.3 Interest Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized an interest income of RMB313.609 billion, an increase of RMB7.444
billion or 2.43% over last year. The increase was mainly due to the growth in the size of interest-earning assets which
offset the impact of a decrease in the average yield of interest-earning assets. The proportion of interest income from loans
and advances to customers, interest income from financial investments, interest income from deposits with central banks,
interest income from deposits and placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, and interest
income from financial assets held under resale agreements was 76.42%, 18.75%, 1.95%, 2.53% and 0.35%, respectively.
Interest income from loans and advances to customers was the main component of interest income.

Interest Income from Loans and Advances to Customers
During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB239.656 billion interest income from loans and advances to
customers, a growth of RMB7.020 billion or 3.02% over the previous year, primarily because the average balance of loans
and advances to customers increased by RMB313.029 billion which offset the impact of a decline of 0.18 percentage points
in the average yield. Specifically, the average balance of corporate loans increased by RMB145.419 billion, and interest
income went up by RMB4.885 billion; the average balance of personal loans increased by RMB112.573 billion, and
interest income went up by RMB3.668 billion.


                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   27
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Classification by Maturity Structure
                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                               2022                                     2021
                                                  Average      Interest       Average      Average       Interest       Average
      Item                                        balance      income       yield (%)      balance       income       yield (%)
      Short-term loans                         1,671,528        81,968          4.90     1,558,714        81,856          5.25
      Medium to long-term loans                3,307,556       157,688          4.77     3,107,341       150,780          4.85
      Total                                    4,979,084       239,656          4.81     4,666,055       232,636          4.99


     Classification by Business
                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                               2022                                     2021
                                                  Average      Interest       Average      Average       Interest       Average
      Item                                        balance      income       yield (%)      balance       income       yield (%)
      Corporate loans                          2,434,461       109,157          4.48     2,289,042       104,272          4.56
      Personal loans                           2,083,366       120,438          5.78     1,970,793       116,770          5.93
      Discounted loans                           461,257        10,061          2.18       406,220        11,594          2.85
      Total                                    4,979,084       239,656          4.81     4,666,055       232,636          4.99


     Interest Income from Financial Investments
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from financial investments amounted to RMB58.814 billion, a
     decrease of RMB860 million or 1.44% over the previous year, mainly attributable to a fall of 0.19 percentage points in the
     average yield of financial investments which offset an increase of RMB79.154 billion in the average balance.

     Interest Income from Deposits with Central Banks
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits with central banks stood at RMB6.100 billion, an
     increase of RMB27 million or 0.44% over the previous year, mainly due to a slight increase in the average yield of deposits
     with central banks.

     Interest Income from Deposits and Placements with, and Loans to Banks and Non-bank Financial
     Institutions
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
     bank financial institutions was RMB7.947 billion, an increase of RMB1.432 billion or 21.98% over the previous year,
     mainly due to an increase of RMB12.090 billion in the average balance of deposits and placements with, and loans to
     banks and non-bank financial institutions and a rise of 0.35 percentage points in the average yield.

     Interest Income from Financial Assets Held under Resale Agreements
     During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB1.092 billion interest income from financial assets held under
     resale agreements, a decrease of RMB175 million or 13.81% over the previous year, mainly attributable to a decrease of
     0.51 percentage points in the average yield of financial assets held under resale agreements which offset an increase of
     RMB10.479 billion in the average balance.

     2.5.1.4 Interest expense
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense was RMB162.962 billion, an increase of RMB4.693 billion or
     2.97% over the previous year. Interest expense increased primarily because of the growth in the size of interest-bearing
     liabilities which offset the impact of a decrease in the cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities.




28   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                        Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Interest Expense on Deposits from Customers
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB102.997 billion, an
increase of RMB10.609 billion or 11.48% over the previous year, mainly due to RMB369.022 billion increase in the
average balance of deposits from customers and an increase of average cost rate of 0.06 percentage point.

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                            2022                                       2021
                                              Average       Interest Average cost        Average        Interest   Average cost
 Item                                         balance       expense      rate (%)        balance        expense        rate (%)
 Corporate deposits
   Time and call deposits                   1,905,617        52,132           2.74     1,798,263        48,053            2.67
   Demand deposits                          2,019,155        27,506           1.36     1,916,440        24,911            1.30
 Subtotal                                   3,924,772        79,638           2.03     3,714,703        72,964            1.96
 Personal deposits
   Time and call deposits                     776,007        22,517           2.90       627,545        18,664            2.97
   Demand deposits                            298,334           842           0.28       287,843           760            0.26
 Subtotal                                   1,074,341        23,359           2.17       915,388        19,424            2.12
 Total                                      4,999,113       102,997           2.06     4,630,091        92,388            2.00


Interest Expense on Deposits and Placements from Banks and Non-Bank Financial Institutions
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
institutions amounted to RMB25.504 billion, a decrease of RMB4.527 billion or 15.07% over the previous year, mainly
due to a decrease of 0.34 percentage points in the average cost rate and a drop of RMB15.168 billion in the average
balance of deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions.

Interest Expense on Debt Certificates Issued
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on debt certificates issued stood at RMB27.082 billion, an
increase of RMB120 million or 0.45% over the previous year, primarily due to the increase of RMB113.738 billion in the
average balance of debt certificates issued which offset the impact of a decrease of 0.36 percentage points in the average cost
rate.

Interest Expense on Borrowings from Central Banks
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on borrowings from central banks reached RMB4.974 billion,
a decrease of RMB1.830 billion or 26.90% over the previous year, mainly due to a drop of RMB57.909 billion in the
average balance of borrowings from central banks and a decrease of 0.06 percentage points in the average cost rate.

Interest Expense on Financial Assets Sold under Repurchase Agreements
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on financial assets sold under repurchase agreements was
RMB1.935 billion, an increase of RMB304 million or 18.64% over the previous year, primarily due to an increase of
RMB21.630 billion in the average balance of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, which offset a decrease of 0.17
percentage points in the average cost rate.

Other Interest Expense
During the reporting period, the Group’s other interest expense stood at RMB470 million, an increase of RMB17 million
over the previous year.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     29
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.1.5 Net Non-interest Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB60.462 billion of net non-interest income, an increase of RMB3.804
     billion or 6.71% over the previous year. The proportion of non-interest rate income stood at 28.64%, a rise of 0.94
     percentage points over the previous year.

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                   Increase/
      Item                                                      2022               2021           (decrease)       Growth (%)
      Net fee and commission income                           37,092             35,870               1,222               3.41
      Net trading gain                                         4,881              5,168                (287)             (5.55)
      Net gain from investment securities                     17,771             14,874               2,897              19.48
      Other net operating income                                 718                746                 (28)             (3.75)
      Total                                                   60,462             56,658               3,804               6.71


     2.5.1.6 Net Fee and Commission Income
     During the reporting period, the Group actively pushed forward the transformation towards capital-light development,
     and realized net fee and commission income of RMB37.092 billion, an increase of RMB1.222 billion or 3.41% over the
     previous year, which accounted for 17.57% of the operating net income, up by 0.03 percentage point over the previous
     year. Among these, commission for custodian and other fiduciary business went up by RMB1.043 billion or 10.20% over
     the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the wealth management business fee; settlement and clearing fees increased
     by RMB217 million or 11.27% over the previous year, mainly due to the growth of income from L/C and other businesses;
     agency fees and commissions decreased by RMB805 million or 12.39% over the previous year, mainly due to the decline of
     incomes from agency sales of trust and fund.

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                   Increase/
      Item                                                      2022               2021           (decrease)       Growth (%)
      Bank card fees                                          16,480             16,474                   6               0.04
      Commissions for custodian and
        other fiduciary business                              11,269             10,226               1,043              10.20
      Agency fees                                              5,692              6,497                (805)            (12.39)
      Guarantee and consulting fees                            5,357              5,384                 (27)             (0.50)
      Settlement and clearing fees                             2,143              1,926                 217              11.27
      Other fees                                                 110                 97                  13              13.40
      Subtotal of fees and commissions                        41,051             40,604                 447               1.10
      Fee and commission expense                              (3,959)             (4,734)               775             (16.37)
      Net fee and commission income                           37,092             35,870               1,222               3.41


     2.5.1.7 Net Trading Gain and Net Gain from Investment Securities
     During the reporting period, the Group’s net trading gain and net gain from investment securities registered a combined
     amount of RMB22.652 billion, an increase of RMB2.610 billion over the previous year, mainly because the Group seized
     opportunities arising from market trends and fluctuations, and realized rapid increase in the income from investments in
     securities.

     2.5.1.8 Operating Expenses
     During the reporting period, the Group incurred RMB66.838 billion operating expenses, an increase of RMB4.614 billion
     or 7.42% over the previous year. Specifically, staff costs increased by RMB3.679 billion or 10.69% over the previous year.
     The increase was mainly attributable to the growth in IT personnel after the Group’s intensified efforts in IT team building
     and corresponding performance-based remuneration policy. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio (excluding
     tax and surcharges) stood at 30.66%, up by 1.32 percentage points over the previous year.




30   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                  Increase/
 Item                                                                                   2022                    2021             (decrease)          Growth (%)
 Staff costs                                                                          38,082                 34,403                   3,679                   10.69
 Property and equipment expenses and amortization                                     10,328                  9,843                     485                    4.93
 Other general operating and administrative expenses                                  16,306                 15,775                     531                    3.37
 Subtotal                                                                             64,716                 60,021                   4,695                    7.82
 Tax and surcharges                                                                    2,122                   2,203                     (81)                 (3.68)
 Total                                                                                66,838                 62,224                   4,614                    7.42
 Cost-to-income ratio                                                               31.66%                  30.42%               Up 1.24 percentage points
 Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and surcharges)                                30.66%                  29.34%               Up 1.32 percentage points


2.5.1.9 Credit and Other Asset Impairment Losses
During the reporting period, the Group’s accrued credit impairment losses and other asset impairment losses totaled
RMB71.404 billion, a decrease of RMB5.644 billion or 7.33% over the previous year. Specifically, allowance for
impairment losses on loans and advanced to customers was RMB55.786 billion, representing an increase of RMB5.558
billion or 11.07% over previous year. Allowance for impairment losses for financial investments was RMB1.811 billion,
down by RMB16.941 billion or 90.34% over previous year due to Group’s large amount allowance for impairment losses
for wealth management assets back to balance sheet according to their risk profiles accrued in previous year. Please refer to
the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s allowance for impairment losses on loans
and advances to customers.

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                  Increase/
 Item                                                                                   2022                    2021             (decrease)          Growth (%)
 Loans and advances to customers                                                      55,786                 50,228                  5,558                  11.07
 Financial investments                                                                 1,811                 18,752                (16,941)                (90.34)
 Interest receivables                                                                  5,378                  3,616                  1,762                  48.73
 Interbank business (Note)                                                               (45)                     –                    (45)               Zero in
                                                                                                                                                    previous year
 Off-balance-sheet items                                                               8,587                   4,723                  3,864                 81.81
 Repossessed assets                                                                       45                      43                      2                  4.65
 Other receivables                                                                      (158)                   (314)                   156                (49.68)
 Total                                                                                71,404                 77,048                  (5,644)                  (7.33)

Note:    Including the impairment losses on deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets held under resale
         agreements.



2.5.1.10 Income Tax Expense
During the reporting period, the Group’s income tax expense was RMB10.466 billion, representing an increase of
RMB1.326 billion or 14.51% over the previous year. Effective tax rate during the reporting period stood at 14.26%, up by
0.31 percentage points over the previous year.

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                  Increase/
 Item                                                                                   2022                    2021             (decrease)          Growth (%)
 Profit before tax                                                                    73,416                 65,517                   7,899                   12.06
 Income tax expense                                                                   10,466                  9,140                   1,326                   14.51
 Effective tax rate                                                                 14.26%                  13.95%               Up 0.31 percentage points




                                                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report            31
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.2 Balance Sheet Analysis
     2.5.2.1 Assets
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total assets of RMB8,547.543 billion, an increase of 6.27%
     from the end of the previous year, mainly because the Group increased its loans and advances to customers and financial
     investments.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
       Item                                                                                     Balance        Proportion (%)                   Balance        Proportion (%)
       Total loans and advances to customers                                                 5,152,772                      60.3             4,855,969                     60.4
       Accrued interest of loans and advances to customers                                      17,180                       0.2                13,064                      0.2
       Less: Allowance for impairment losses on loans and
              advances to customers (1)                                                       (130,985)                     (1.5)             (120,957)                    (1.5)
       Net loans and advances to customers                                                   5,038,967                      59.0             4,748,076                     59.1
       Total financial investments                                                           2,515,295                      29.4             2,334,013                     29.0
       Accrued interest of financial investments                                                16,140                       0.2                15,355                      0.2
       Less: Allowance for impairment losses on financial investments (2)                      (28,566)                     (0.3)              (26,727)                    (0.3)
       Net financial investments                                                             2,502,869                      29.3             2,322,641                     28.9
       Investment in associates and joint ventures                                               6,341                       0.1                 5,753                      0.1
       Cash and deposits with central banks                                                    477,381                       5.6               435,383                      5.4
       Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank
          financial institutions                                                                296,998                      3.4               251,774                       3.1
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                                             13,730                      0.1                91,437                       1.1
       Others (3)                                                                               211,257                      2.5               187,820                       2.3
       Total                                                                                 8,547,543                    100.0              8,042,884                    100.0

     Notes: (1) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost and allowances for impairment losses on accrued
                   interest of loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost.
               (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measured at amortized cost and impairment losses on accrued interest of financial
                   investments measured at amortized cost.
               (3) Including precious metals, derivative financial assets, investment properties, properties and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill, use right assets, deferred
                   income tax assets and other assets, etc.



     Loans and Advances to Customers
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB5,152.772 billion total loans and advances to customers
     (excluding accrued interest), up by 6.11% over the end of the previous year. Net loans and advances to customers
     accounted for 59.0% of total assets, down by 0.1 percentage points over the end of the previous year. The balance of loans
     and advances to customers measured at amortized cost took up 89.0% of total loans and advances to customers. The table
     below sets out the classification of the Group’s loans and advances to customers by measurement attribute.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
       Item                                                                                     Balance        Proportion (%)                   Balance        Proportion (%)
       Loans and advances to customer measured at amortized cost                             4,585,898                      89.0             4,355,927                     89.7
       Loans and advances to customer measured at fair
         value through other comprehensive income                                               562,993                     10.9               500,042                     10.3
       Loans and advances to customer measured at fair
         value through profit or loss                                                              3,881                     0.1                       –                       –
       Loans and advances to customer measured at fair
         value through profit or loss                                                        5,152,772                    100.0              4,855,969                    100.0

     Please refer to the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s loans and advances to
     customers.


32   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial Investments
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB2,515.295 billion total financial investments (excluding
accrued interest), up by RMB181.282 billion or 7.77% over the end of the previous year, mainly because of the increase in
the Group’s investments in debt securities and investment funds.

Classification of the Group’s financial investments by product is set out in the table:

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                         31 December 2022             31 December 2021
 Item                                                                    Balance   Proportion (%)     Balance    Proportion (%)
 Investments in debt securities                                        1,745,891             69.4   1,602,529             68.7
 Investment funds                                                        431,958             17.2     397,407             17.0
 Trust management plans                                                  222,819              8.8     234,770             10.1
 Directional asset management plan                                        39,628              1.6      50,437              2.1
 Investment in wealth management products and through
    structured entities                                                   1,516               0.1      1,611                0.1
 Certificates of deposit and interbank certificates of deposit           60,468               2.4     35,082                1.5
 Investment in equity instruments                                        13,015               0.5     12,177                0.5
 Total financial investments                                           2,515,295            100.0   2,334,013            100.0

Classification of the Group’s financial investments by measurement attribute is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                         31 December 2022             31 December 2021
 Item                                                                    Balance   Proportion (%)     Balance    Proportion (%)
 Financial investments measured at fair
    value through profit or loss                                         557,594             22.2     495,810             21.2
 Financial investments measured at amortized cost                      1,153,634             45.8   1,186,558             50.9
 Financial investments measured at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                                798,939              31.8    646,900              27.7
 Financial investments designated to be measured at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                    5,128               0.2      4,745                0.2
 Total financial investments                                           2,515,295            100.0   2,334,013            100.0


Investment in Debt Securities
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group registered RMB1,745.891 billion investments in debt securities, an
increase of RMB143.362 billion or 8.95% over the end of the previous year, primarily because the increased investments in
central government bonds and local bonds.

Classification of Debt Securities Investment by Issuers
                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                         31 December 2022             31 December 2021
 Item                                                                    Balance   Proportion (%)     Balance    Proportion (%)
 Banks and non-bank financial institutions                               387,299             22.2    436,237              27.2
 Government                                                            1,155,492             66.2    931,822              58.2
 Policy banks                                                             81,210              4.6    135,127               8.4
 Business entities                                                       120,582              6.9     97,654               6.1
 Public entities                                                           1,308              0.1      1,689               0.1
 Total                                                                 1,745,891            100.0   1,602,529            100.0




                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report    33
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Breakdown of Significant Investments in Financial Debt Securities
     The table below sets out the breakdown of top ten investments in financial debt securities held by the Group as at 31
     December 2022:

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                                          Accrued
                                                                                             Maturity date                         Coupon             impairment
      Name of debt securities                                       Book value              (DD/MM/YY)                             rate (%)             allowance
      2022 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      6,407               24/10/2032                            2.77                          –
      2022 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      5,335               18/07/2032                            2.96                          –
      2020 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      5,046               07/08/2023                            3.00                          –
      2022 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      4,217               16/06/2027                            2.69                          –
      2020 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      4,103               22/12/2023                            0.65                          –
      2021 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      3,773               21/07/2024                            2.78                          –
      2019 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      3,535               01/07/2024                            3.42                          –
      2019 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      3,504               14/08/2024                            3.24                          –
      2020 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      3,242               05/08/2023                            3.06                          –
      2020 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                      3,152               09/04/2023                            1.86                          –
      Total                                                               42,314                                                                                    –

     Note:    The first phase impairment allowance accrued according to the expected credit loss measurement model not included.



     Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB6.341 billion investments in associates and joint ventures,
     an increase of 10.22% over the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of
     allowance for impairment losses on investment in associates and joint ventures was zero. For relevant details, please refer to
     Note 24 “Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures” to the financial report.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
      Item                                                                                                    31 December 2022                31 December 2021
      Investments in joint ventures                                                                                                5,811                     5,220
      Investments in associates                                                                                                      530                       533
      Allowance for impairment losses                                                                                                  –                         –
      Net investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                             6,341                     5,753


     Derivatives
     The table below sets out major categories and amounts of financial derivatives held by the Group as at the end of the
     reporting period. For relevant details, please refer to Note 20 “Derivative Financial Assets/Liabilities” to the financial
     report.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                             31 December 2022                                                  31 December 2021
                                                 Nominal                     Fair value                            Nominal                    Fair value
      Item                                       principal                Assets        Liabilities                principal               Assets          Liabilities
      Interest rate derivatives                 3,083,802                14,959                14,887             2,630,541                 8,643              8,539
      Currency derivatives                      2,506,299                29,173                28,780             1,936,863                13,930             14,217
      Other derivatives                            35,553                   251                   598                17,043                   148                151
      Total                                     5,625,654                44,383                44,265             4,584,447                22,721             22,907




34   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Repossessed Assets
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded repossessed assets of RMB2.728 billion, and charged RMB1.250
billion allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets. The book value stood at RMB1.478 billion.

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
  Item                                                                                                         31 December 2022                 31 December 2021
  Original value of repossessed assets                                                                                               2,728                    2,616
    – Land, premises and buildings                                                                                                   2,722                    2,611
    – Others                                                                                                                             6                        5
  Allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets                                                                            (1,250)                  (1,286)
    – Land, premises and buildings                                                                                                  (1,250)                  (1,286)
    – Others                                                                                                                             –                        –
  Total book value of repossessed assets                                                                                            1,478                     1,330


Changes in Impairment Allowances
                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                        Accruals/                  Write-offs/
                                                                                 reversals during                 transfer out
                                                                     31 December      the current                   during the                         31 December
  Item                                                                      2021           period               current period            Others (1)          2022
  Loans and advances to customers (2)                                      121,471                55,786               (57,791)               11,736        131,202
  Financial investments (3)                                                 29,011                 1,811                (1,558)                1,981         31,245
  Interbank business (4)                                                       281                   (45)                    –                     2            238
  Other assets (5)                                                           5,134                 5,220                (4,352)                1,347          7,349
  Off-balance-sheet items                                                   11,428                 8,587               (11,112)                   54          8,957
  Subtotal of allowances for credit impairment                             167,325                71,359               (74,813)               15,120        178,991
  Repossessed assets                                                         1,286                    45                  (119)                   38          1,250
  Subtotal of allowances for other asset
    impairments                                                               1,286                     45                  (119)                38            1,250
  Total                                                                    168,611                71,404               (74,932)               15,158        180,241

Notes: (1) Including recovery of write-offs and impacts of exchange rate changes.
         (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost, and allowances for impairment losses on loans
             and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
         (3) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measured at amortized cost and impairment losses on financial investments measured at
             fair value through other comprehensive income.
         (4) Including allowance for impairment losses of deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions and financial assets held
             under resale agreements.
         (5) Including allowance for impairment losses on other receivables and accrued interest of all financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report       35
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.2.2 Liabilities
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total liabilities of RMB7,861.713 billion, up by 6.24% from the
     end of the previous year, primarily due to the increase in deposits from customers and financial assets sold under repurchase
     agreements.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                           31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
      Item                                                                                 Balance               Proportion (%)            Balance           Proportion (%)
      Borrowings from central banks                                                       119,422                           1.5           189,198                         2.6
      Deposits from customers                                                           5,157,864                          65.6         4,789,969                        64.7
      Deposits and placements from banks and
         non-bank financial institutions                                                1,214,517                          15.4         1,253,094                        16.9
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                   256,194                           3.3            98,339                         1.3
      Debt certificates issued                                                            975,206                          12.4           958,203                        13.0
      Others (Note)                                                                       138,510                           1.8           111,455                         1.5
      Total                                                                             7,861,713                        100.0          7,400,258                       100.0

     Note:    Including financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial liabilities, staff remunerations payable, tax and fee payables,
              estimated liabilities, lease liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and other liabilities.



     Deposits from Customers
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total deposits from customers (excluding accrued interest) were
     RMB5,099.348 billion, representing an increase of RMB362.764 billion or 7.66% over the end of the previous year;
     and deposits from customers accounted for 65.6% of total liabilities, an increase of 0.9 percentage points from the end
     of the previous year. The Group’s balance of corporate deposits was RMB3,807.532 billion, representing an increase of
     RMB43.257 billion or 1.15% over the end of the previous year; and balance of personal deposits stood at RMB1,291.816
     billion, representing an increase of RMB319.507 billion or 32.86% over the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                           31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
      Item                                                                                 Balance               Proportion (%)            Balance           Proportion (%)

      Corporate deposits
      Demand deposits                                                                   1,951,555                          37.8         1,974,319                        41.2
      Time and call deposits                                                            1,855,977                          36.0         1,789,956                        37.4
      Subtotal                                                                          3,807,532                          73.8         3,764,275                        78.6

      Personal deposits
      Demand deposits                                                                     349,013                           6.8           310,054                         6.5
      Time and call deposits                                                              942,803                          18.3           662,255                        13.8
      Subtotal                                                                          1,291,816                          25.1           972,309                        20.3
      Total deposits from customers                                                     5,099,348                          98.9         4,736,584                        98.9
      Accrued interest                                                                     58,516                           1.1            53,385                         1.1
      Total                                                                             5,157,864                        100.0          4,789,969                       100.0




36   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                         Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Breakdown of Deposits from Customers by Currency
                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                            31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
 Item                                                                       Balance        Proportion (%)                    Balance             Proportion (%)
 Renminbi                                                                 4,721,203                      91.5             4,383,814                       91.5
 Foreign currencies                                                         436,661                       8.5               406,155                        8.5
 Total                                                                    5,157,864                   100.0               4,789,969                      100.0


Breakdown of Deposits by Geographical Region
                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                            31 December 2022                                31 December 2021
 Item                                                                       Balance        Proportion (%)                    Balance             Proportion (%)
 Head Office                                                                  2,857                       0.1                 2,941                        0.1
 Bohai Rim                                                                1,320,402                      25.6             1,222,932                       25.5
 Yangtze River Delta                                                      1,393,987                      27.0             1,337,865                       27.9
 Pearl River Delta and West Strait                                          828,772                      16.1               759,667                       15.8
 Central China                                                              689,136                      13.4               636,401                       13.3
 Western China                                                              515,272                      10.0               467,708                        9.8
 Northeastern China                                                         105,107                       2.0                95,197                        2.0
 Overseas                                                                   302,331                       5.8               267,258                        5.6
 Total                                                                    5,157,864                   100.0               4,789,969                      100.0


2.5.3 Shareholders’ Equity
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s shareholders’ equity was RMB685.830 billion, an increase of 6.72%
over the end of the previous year. The table below sets out the changes in shareholders’ equity in the Group during the
reporting period.

                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                                             Surplus
                                                                                            Other        reserve and                         Non-
                                                          Other equity       Capital comprehensive           general    Retained       controlling
 Item                                     Share capital    instrument        reserve       income             reserve   earnings          interest        Total
 31 December 2021                               48,935        118,076        59,216          1,644          144,427     254,005            16,323       642,626
 i. Profit for the period                            –              –             –              –                –      62,103               847        62,950
 ii. Other comprehensive income                      –              –             –         (3,422)               –           –              (279)       (3,701)
 iii. Capital contributed or reduced
        by shareholders                              –              –             –             –                 –           –             3,990         3,990
 iv. Profit allocation                               –              –             –             –            10,880     (30,446)             (469)      (20,035)
 v. Internal transfer of owner's equity              –              –             –           157                 –        (157)                –             –
 31 December 2022                               48,935        118,076        59,216         (1,621)         155,307     285,505            20,412       685,830




                                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report        37
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.4 Loan Quality Analysis
     During the reporting period, both the NPL balance and NPL ratio of the Group were on a trend of decline, and the overall
     loan quality and the allowance coverage ratio stayed sound. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group registered
     RMB5,152.772 billion total loans, up by RMB296.803 billion over the end of the previous year; an NPL balance of
     RMB65.213 billion, down by RMB2.246 billion over the end of the previous year; and an NPL ratio of 1.27%, down by 0.12
     percentage points over the end of the previous year.

     Concentration of Loans by Product
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of corporate loans (excluding discounted bills) recorded
     RMB2,524.016 billion, an increase of RMB187.837 billion or 8.04% over the end of the previous year; and its balance of
     personal loans reached RMB2,116.910 billion, an increase of RMB63.086 billion or 3.07% over the end of the previous
     year. The balance of discounted bills increased by RMB45.880 billion or 9.85% over the end of last year to RMB511.846
     billion. The Group’s balances of corporate non-performing loans (excluding discounted bills) decreased by RMB4.349
     billion over the end of the previous year, corresponding to a 0.33 percentage points decline in the NPL ratio over the end
     of the previous year. The Group’s balances of personal non-performing loans increased by RMB2.253 billion over the end
     of the previous year, corresponding to a 0.08 percentage points increase in the NPL ratio over the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                      31 December 2022                                      31 December 2021
                                                   Proportion          NPL    NPL ratio                  Proportion         NPL       NPL ratio
                                         Balance         (%)        balance        (%)         Balance         (%)        balance          (%)
      Corporate loans                  2,524,016       48.99        43,479         1.72      2,336,179       48.11         47,828          2.05
      Personal loans                   2,116,910       41.08        21,734         1.03      2,053,824       42.29         19,481          0.95
      Discounted bills                   511,846        9.93             –         0.00        465,966        9.60            150          0.03
      Total loans                      5,152,772      100.00        65,213         1.27      4,855,969      100.00         67,459          1.39


     Breakdown of Loans by Type of Guarantee
     During the reporting period, the Group’s loan guarantee structure remained stable. As at the end of the reporting period,
     the balance of the Group’s unsecured and guaranteed loans was RMB2,103.463 billion, an increase of RMB225.306 billion
     over the end of the previous year, accounting for 40.82% of the Group’s total loans, up by 2.15 percentage points from the
     end of the previous year; the balance of loans secured by collateral and pledge loans was RMB2,537.463 billion, an increase
     of RMB25.617 billion over the end of the previous year, accounting for 49.25% of the Group’s total loans, down by 2.48
     percentage points from the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                 31 December 2022                             31 December 2021
      Type of Guarantee                                           Balance     Proportion (%)                  Balance          Proportion (%)
      Unsecured loans                                           1,384,754                  26.87           1,292,209                   26.61
      Guaranteed loans                                            718,709                  13.95             585,948                   12.06
      Loans secured by collateral                               2,018,796                  39.18           1,963,710                   40.44
      Pledge loans                                                518,667                  10.07             548,136                   11.29
      Subtotal                                                  4,640,926                  90.07           4,390,003                   90.40
      Discounted bills                                           511,846                    9.93             465,966                     9.60
      Total loans                                               5,152,772                 100.00           4,855,969                  100.00




38   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                         Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Concentration of Loans by Geographic Region
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total loans stood at RMB5,152.772 billion, an increase of RMB296.803
billion or 6.11% over the prior year-end. Specifically, the balances of loans to the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta
and the Pearl River Delta and West Strait ranked the top three, recording RMB1,400.562 billion, RMB1,381.673 billion
and RMB731.224 billion, and accounting for 27.19%, 26.81% and 14.19% of the Group’s total, respectively. In terms
of growth rate, the Yangtze River Delta, overseas and Central China recorded the highest growth, reaching 9.99%, 9.54%
and 8.65%, respectively. In terms of the regional distribution of NPLs, the Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in the
Bohai Rim, the Pearl River Delta and West Strait and the Yangtze River Delta, with the combined NPL balance reaching
RMB47.566 billion, accounting for 72.94% of the total. In terms of incremental NPLs, the Pearl River Delta and West
Strait registered the largest increase of RMB1.891 billion and its NPL ratio rose by 0.26 percentage points, followed by
overseas with respective figures of RMB1.740 billion and 0.70 percentage points.

Main reasons for the change in the regional distribution of NPLs are as follows: First, the risk categories of certain large
customers in the Pearl River Delta and West Strait were downgraded to non-performing, resulting an increase in NPLs in
the region. Second, efforts on NPL resolution were intensified in the Western China and Bohai Rim, contributing to a
remarkably decreased NPL balance.

                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                               31 December 2022                                    31 December 2021
                                                            Proportion                  NPL ratio               Proportion                 NPL ratio
                                                  Balance         (%)     NPL balance        (%)      Balance         (%)    NPL balance        (%)
 Bohai Rim                                      1,400,562       27.19          27,541        1.97   1,325,105       27.29         30,122        2.27
 Yangtze River Delta                            1,381,673       26.81           8,692        0.63   1,256,155       25.87          8,711        0.69
 Pearl River Delta and West Strait                731,224       14.19          11,333        1.55     733,840       15.11          9,442        1.29
 Central China                                    730,240       14.17           6,424        0.88     672,083       13.84          6,922        1.03
 Western China                                    598,729       11.62           6,299        1.05     573,221       11.80          8,933        1.56
 Northeastern China                                87,630        1.70           1,359        1.55      92,254        1.90          1,504        1.63
 Overseas                                         222,714        4.32           3,565        1.60     203,311        4.19          1,825        0.90
 Total loans                                    5,152,772      100.00          65,213        1.27   4,855,969      100.00         67,459        1.39

Note:    Bohai Rim includes the headquarters.



Concentration of Corporate Loans by Sector
As at the end of the reporting period, rental and business services, and manufacturing were the top two sector borrowers
of the Group’s outstanding corporate loans, recording the loan balance of RMB491.301 billion and RMB419.507 billion,
respectively and altogether accounting for 36.09% of the Group’s total corporate loans, up by 1.32 percentage points from
the end of the previous year. The balance of loans granted to the real estate sector posted RMB277.173 billion, accounting
for 10.98% of the total, down by 1.21 percentage points from the end of the previous year. In terms of growth, loans to
manufacturing, wholesale and retail, and water, environment and public utilities management grew relatively faster, up
by 17.80%, 8.64% and 8.45% over the end of the previous year respectively, all higher than the average growth rate of
corporate loans.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in three sectors, i.e., rental and business
services sector, real estate sector and construction sector, with their NPL balances collectively taking up 56.89% of the total
corporate NPLs. The quality of assets in the real estate and construction sectors continued to improve, and the balance
of NPLs in the two sectors decreased by RMB1.789 billion and RMB1.251 billion over the end of the previous year,
respectively, corresponding to a 0.55 percentage points and a 1.07 percentage points decline in their respective NPL ratios
compared with the end of the previous year.




                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report     39
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balances of NPLs in the sector of rental and business service increased by
     RM6.323 billion over the previous year-end, and the NPL ratio went up by 1.22 percentage points. The balance of NPLs
     in the sectors of manufacturing, transportation, storage and postal service, and wholesale and retail decreased by RMB5.758
     billion, RMB1.887 billion and RMB1.779 billion respectively from the prior year-end, and the NPL ratio declined by 1.84
     percentage points, 1.33 percentage points and 1.32 percentage points. Main reason for the rise of NPL balance in the sector
     of rental and business service is the downgrade in risk category of some large enterprises.

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million
                                                                       31 December 2022                                                31 December 2021
                                                                   Proportion                        NPL ratio                      Proportion         NPL        NPL ratio
                                                       Balance           (%)      NPL balance             (%)           Balance           (%)        balance           (%)
       Manufacturing                                  419,507            16.62           5,137            1.22          356,129         15.24            10,895        3.06
       Real estate                                    277,173            10.98           8,542            3.08          284,801         12.19            10,331        3.63
       Wholesale and retail                           177,612             7.04           4,769            2.69          163,489          7.00             6,548        4.01
       Transportation, storage and
          postal service                              149,891             5.94             852            0.57          144,053          6.17             2,739        1.90
       Water, environment and public
          utilities management                        413,399            16.38             122            0.03          381,182         16.32               148        0.04
       Construction                                   103,335             4.09           5,605            5.42          105,633          4.52             6,856        6.49
       Rental and business service                    491,301            19.47          10,589            2.16          456,182         19.53             4,266        0.94
       Production and supply of electric
          power, gas and water                         89,609             3.55             680            0.76           84,351          3.61             1,370        1.62
       Public and social organizations                  8,409             0.33             282            3.35            7,898          0.34               282        3.57
       Others                                         393,780            15.60           6,901            1.75          352,461         15.08             4,393        1.25
       Total corporate loans                        2,524,016          100.00           43,479            1.72       2,336,179         100.00            47,828        2.05


     Concentration of Borrowers of Corporate Loans
     The Group attached great importance to the concentration risk control over its corporate loan borrowers. During the
     reporting period, the Group complied with the applicable regulatory requirements on concentration of borrowers. Since
     a single borrower was defined by the Group as a specific legal entity, one borrower could be the related party of another
     borrower.

                                                                                            Regulatory 31 December                  31 December             31 December
       Major regulatory indicator                                                            Standard         2022                         2021                    2020
       Percentage of loans to the largest single customer (%)(1)                                      ≤10                   1.19                  1.23              4.31
       Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers (%)(2)                                             ≤50                   9.84                 10.15             15.74

     Notes: (1) Percentage of loans to the largest single customer = balance of loans to the largest single customer/net capital.
              (2) Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers = balance of loans to the top 10 customers/net capital.




40   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                         31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                Percentage    Percentage
                                                                                                                                   in total in regulatory
                       Industry                                                                                Balance           loans (%)    capital (%)
 Borrower A            Water, environment and public utilities management                                         9,888                  0.19                  1.19
 Borrower B            Real estate                                                                                9,822                  0.19                  1.18
 Borrower C            Transportation, storage and postal services                                                9,668                  0.19                  1.16
 Borrower D            Real estate                                                                                8,119                  0.16                  0.97
 Borrower E            Rental and business services                                                               7,984                  0.15                  0.96
 Borrower F            Transportation, storage and postal services                                                7,873                  0.15                  0.95
 Borrower G            Real estate                                                                                7,581                  0.15                  0.91
 Borrower H            Manufacturing                                                                              7,406                  0.14                  0.89
 Borrower I            Manufacturing                                                                              6,980                  0.14                  0.84
 Borrower J            Manufacturing                                                                              6,591                  0.13                  0.79
 Total loans                                                                                                    81,912                   1.59                  9.84

As at the end of the reporting period, the total balance of corporate loans from the Group to the top 10 customers
amounted to RMB81.912 billion, taking up 1.59% of its total loans and 9.84% of its net capital.

Loan Risk Classification
The Group measures and manages the quality of its credit assets pursuant to the Guidelines on the Classification of Loan
Risks formulated by the former CBRC. The guidelines requires Chinese commercial banks to classify their credit assets into
five tiers, namely, pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss, of which the last three classes are regarded as non-
performing loans.

During the reporting period, the Bank continued to reinforce the centralized management of loan risk classification and
kept enhancing the system for classified management of credit asset risks. While adhering to the core criteria of “safety
of loan recovery”, the Group handled different tiers of loans with different risk management measures, taking into full
consideration various factors that may impact the quality of credit assets.

The Bank’s process for classification of loan risks includes the following steps: operating institutions conduct post-lending
inspections in the first place, after which business management departments of branches provide preliminary opinions,
followed by preliminary classification by credit management departments of the branches; thereafter the branch risk
directors review and approve the preliminary classification; and the Head Office gives the final approval. With regard to
loans with material changes in risk profiles, the Bank adjusts their risk classification in a dynamic manner.

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                           31 December 2022                                     31 December 2021
                                                                           Balance         Proportion (%)                       Balance          Proportion (%)
 Performing loans                                                       5,087,559                       98.73                4,788,510                         98.61
 Pass                                                                   5,003,190                       97.10                4,703,620                         96.86
 Special mention                                                           84,369                        1.63                   84,890                          1.75
 Non-performing loans                                                      65,213                        1.27                   67,459                          1.39
 Substandard                                                               36,540                        0.71                   33,819                          0.70
 Doubtful                                                                  21,469                        0.42                   26,938                          0.55
 Loss                                                                       7,204                        0.14                    6,702                          0.14
 Total loans                                                            5,152,772                     100.00                 4,855,969                        100.00

Note:   Performing loans include pass loans and special mention loans, while non-performing loans include substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.




                                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report         41
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of pass loans increased by RMB299.570 billion over the end of
     the previous year, and accounted for 97.10% of the total loans, representing an increase of 0.24 percentage points over the
     end of the previous year; and the balance of special mention loans decreased by RMB521 million, accounting for 1.63%
     of the total loans, down by 0.12 percentage points over the end of the previous year. The balance of the Group’s NPLs
     recognized in accordance with the regulatory risk classification criteria stood at RMB65.213 billion, representing a drop of
     RMB2.246 billion over the end of the previous year; and the NPL ratio stood at 1.27%, down by 0.12 percentage points
     over the end of the previous year.

     During the reporting period, the macroeconomic situation at home and abroad was still severe, and the real economy didn’t
     get out of the difficulty completely. However, at the beginning of 2022, the Group had already made sufficient anticipation
     and preparation in response to the changing trends of loan quality. Through its pertinent measures for risk prevention and
     resolution and intensified efforts in NPL disposal through collection, transfer, restructuring, write-off, debt repayment and
     other methods, the changes in NPLs were within the Group’s expectation and under its control, and as at the end of the
     reporting period both of the Group’s NPL balance and NPL ratio as well as the balance and ratio of problematic loans
     decreased.

     Migration of Loans
     The table below sets out the migration of the Bank’s loans across the five tiers during the reporting period.

                                                                                  31 December 2022               31 December 2021              31 December 2020
       Migration ratio of pass loans (%)                                                                2.26                       2.98                         3.52
       Migration ratio of special mention loans (%)                                                    29.38                      32.87                        48.12
       Migration ratio of substandard loans (%)                                                        73.43                      77.19                        76.82
       Migration ratio of doubtful loans (%)                                                           78.75                      58.93                        70.34
       Ratio of migration from performing loans to NPLs (%)                                             1.60                        1.93                        2.56

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s ratio of loan migration from performing loans to NPLs was 1.60%,
     a decrease of 0.33 percentage points over the end of the previous year. The reason behind this change is that the Bank
     maintained sound asset quality and continuously intensified efforts in resolving overdue loans which achieved obvious
     results.

     Loans Overdue
                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                                                 31 December 2022                                   31 December 2021
                                                                                  Balance         Proportion (%)                     Balance           Proportion (%)
       Loans repayable on demand                                               5,070,583                       98.40              4,765,596                    98.14
       Loans overdue (1)
       1-90 days                                                                   33,936                       0.66                  43,162                    0.89
       91-180 days                                                                 11,840                       0.23                  11,944                    0.24
       181 days or more                                                            36,413                       0.71                  35,267                    0.73
       Subtotal                                                                    82,189                       1.60                  90,373                    1.86
       Total loans                                                             5,152,772                   100.00                 4,855,969                   100.00
       Loans overdue for 91 days or more                                           48,253                       0.94                  47,211                    0.97
       Restructured loans (2)                                                      12,511                       0.24                  16,182                    0.33

     Notes: (1) Loans overdue refer to loans with principal or interest overdue for one day or more.
             (2) Restructured loans refer to loans overdue or downgraded but the conditions of which (e.g. amount and term) have been rearranged.




42   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of overdue loans recorded RMB82.189 billion, a drop of
RMB8.184 billion over the end of the previous year, and the proportion of overdue loans in total loans went down by 0.26
percentage points over the end of the previous year. Of these overdue loans, 0.66% were short-term and/or temporary loans
with a maturity of less than 90 days, a decrease of 0.23 percentage points from the end of last year. The proportion of
loans overdue for 91 days and more was 0.94%, a decrease of 0.03 percentage points from the end of last year.

The Group managed and controlled loan restructuring in a stringent and prudent manner. As at the end of the reporting
period, the Group’s restructured loans stood at RMB12.511 billion, a decrease of RMB3.671 billion in amount and a
decrease of 0.09 percentage points in proportion from the end of the previous year.

Analysis of Allowance for Loan Impairment
The Group estimated expected credit losses in a science-based and reasonable manner and set aside adequate allowance for
loan impairment losses based on expected loss model as required by the new accounting standards on financial instruments
in the light of customer default rate, default loss rate and many other quantitative parameters as well as macro perspective
adjustments.

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                      As at                           As at                          As at
                                                                          31 December 2022                31 December 2021               31 December 2020
  Beginning balance                                                                      121,471                         126,100                     115,870
  Accruals during the period (1)                                                          55,786                          50,228                      69,285
  Write-offs and transfer-out                                                            (57,791)                        (64,161)                    (67,236)
  Recovery of loans and advances
    written off in previous years                                                          10,520                           9,627                       8,127
  Others (2)                                                                                1,216                            (323)                         54
  Ending balance                                                                         131,202                         121,471                     126,100

Notes: (1) Equal to the net loan impairment losses recognized as accruals for the Group in the consolidated income statement of the Group.
        (2) Including foreign exchange rate changes and others.


As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of allowance for loan impairment losses registered RMB131.202
billion, up by RMB9.731 billion over the end of the previous year. The Group’s ratio of balance of allowance for loan
impairment losses to NPL balance (i.e., allowance coverage ratio) and ratio of balance of allowance for loan impairment
losses to total loans (i.e., allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans) stood at 201.19% and 2.55%, up by 21.12
percentage points and 0.05 percentage points over the end of the previous year, respectively.

The reasons underlying the change in allowance accruals were: the scale of loans in 2022 increased year on year, resulting
in rising accrued allowance for loan impairment losses. At the same time, the Group’s risk offsetting capability was further
improved and the allowance coverage ratio increased year on year.




                                                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   43
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.5 Major Off-Balance Sheet Items
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s major off-balance sheet items included credit commitments, capital
     commitments and pledged assets. The detailed items and balances are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
      Item                                                                        31 December 2022        31 December 2021
      Credit commitments
        – Bank acceptance bills                                                               795,833                669,736
        – Letters of guarantee                                                                186,617                128,866
        – Letters of credit                                                                   270,837                214,958
        – Irrevocable loan commitments                                                         57,961                 53,473
        – Credit card commitments                                                             704,268                708,741
      Subtotal                                                                              2,015,516              1,775,774
      Capital commitments                                                                       2,011                  1,541
      Pledged assets                                                                          438,515                396,557
      Total                                                                                 2,456,042              2,173,872


     2.5.6 Cash Flow Statement Analysis
     Net Cash Inflows Generated from Operating Activities
     The Group’s net cash inflows generated from operating activities registered RMB195.066 billion, and the figure in the same
     period of last year was net cash outflows of RMB75.394 billion, primarily due to the increase of deposits from customers,
     increase in interbank inflows and decrease in outflows of loans to customers.

     Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities
     The Group’s net cash outflows used in investing activities recorded RMB115.873 billion, and the figure in the same period
     of last year was net cash outflows of RMB206.788 billion, mainly due to the decrease of investments.




44   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Net Cash Inflows Generated from Financing Activities
The Group’s net cash outflows used in financing activities registered RMB32.539 billion, and the figure in the same period
of last year was net cash inflows of RMB219.918 billion, primarily due to the decrease in interbank deposit certificates.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                         Year-on-year
 Item                                                                       2022         increase (%)     Main reason
 Net Cash Inflows Generated from Operating Activities                   195,066           Negative in
                                                                                         previous year
 Including: Cash inflows due to increase in deposits                    340,067                  57.0     Increase of deposits from customers
              from customers
            Net cash inflows due to increase in                         119,903                 144.5     Increase in interbank inflows
              interbank business (Note)
            Cash outflows due to increase in loans and                  (347,961)                (19.5)   Decrease in outflows of loans to customers
              advances to customers
 Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities                         (115,873)                (44.0)
 Including: Proceeds from redemption of investments                    2,580,725                 (15.3)   Decrease in sale and redemption of financial investments
            Payments on acquisition of investments                    (2,690,472)                (17.2)   Decrease in investments
 Net Cash Outflows Used in Financing Activities                          (32,539)               (114.8)
 Including: Proceeds from issuance of debt certificates                  850,086                  (6.0)   Decrease in issuance of interbank deposit certificates
            Proceeds of issuance of other equity instruments               3,990                 (90.9)   Decrease in issuance of undated capital bonds
            Repayment for debt certificates                             (836,677)                 23.2     Increase in repayment of matured interbank deposit certificates

Note:   Including deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, deposits and
        placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.



2.5.7 Capital Adequacy Ratio Analysis
The Group has established a comprehensive capital management system covering capital planning, capital allocation,
capital examination, capital monitoring and capital analysis and management. During the reporting period, in line
with changes in both internal and external situations, the Group continued to uphold the “capital light, asset light and
cost light” development strategy. Following the concept of “capital constrains assets”, the Bank established a linkage
mechanism between capital planning and business arrangements, made reasonable plans for asset growth, actively
promoted asset turnover and thus continuously improved its asset structure. At the same time, guided by the concepts
of “light development” and “value creation”, and adhering to the framework of “limit management of regulatory capital”
and “examination of economic capital”, the Bank improved the capital allocation model on all fronts, guided operating
institutions to reasonably arrange asset structure under capital constraints, and thus improved the Group’s capital adequacy
ratio.

As at the end of the reporting period, as required by the Provisional Measures for Capital Management of Commercial Banks
promulgated by the former CBRC in June 2012, the Group recorded the following capital adequacy profile: a capital
adequacy ratio of 13.18%, a decrease of 0.35 percentage points from the end of the previous year; a 10.63% tier-one capital
adequacy ratio, 0.25 percentage points lower than the end of the previous year; and a 8.74% core tier-one capital adequacy
ratio, down by 0.11 percentage points from the end of the previous year, all meeting regulatory requirements.

In 2023, the Group will continue to carry out comprehensive capital management under the guidance of “light
development” and “value creation”, and realize the balanced development of business growth, value return and capital
consumption by strengthening capital management measures, so as to improve capital efficiency at all fronts.




                                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report           45
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                         31 December                 31 December                 Increase (%)/              31 December
      Item                                                                      2022                        2021                       Change                      2020
      Net core tier-one capital                                                  551,863                    514,078                          7.35                  471,251
      Net additional tier-one capital                                            119,614                    117,961                          1.40                   77,710
      Net tier-one capital                                                       671,477                    632,039                          6.24                  548,961
      Net tier-two capital                                                       160,610                    153,772                          4.45                  152,768
      Net capital                                                                832,087                    785,811                          5.89                  701,729
      Of which:
        Minimum requirement on core
          tier-one capital                                                      315,775                     290,476             8.71                              269,662
        Minimum requirement on tier-one capital                                 378,930                     348,572             8.71                              323,595
        Minimum requirement on capital                                          505,240                     464,762             8.71                              431,460
        Requirement on reserve capital                                          157,888                     145,238             8.71                              134,831
        Requirement on countercyclical capital                                        –                           –                –                                    –
        Requirement on additional capital                                             –                           –                –                                    –
      Risk-weighted assets                                                    6,315,506                   5,809,523             8.71                            5,393,248
      Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                       8.74%                       8.85%        Down 0.11                                8.74%
                                                                                                                    percentage points
      Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                             10.63%                     10.88%       Down 0.25                                10.18%
                                                                                                                    percentage points
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                      13.18%                     13.53%       Down 0.35                                13.01%
                                                                                                                    percentage points

     Note:   The Group calculated and disclosed its capital adequacy ratios according to the Provisional Measures for Capital Management of Commercial Banks.


     Leverage ratio
                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                           31 December                 31 December                Increase (%)/              31 December
                                                                                  2022                        2021                      Change                      2020
      Leverage ratio                                                                6.59%                       6.78%              Down 0.19                          6.40%
                                                                                                                              percentage points
      Net tier-one capital                                                        671,477                     632,039                     6.24                      548,961
      Adjusted balance of on-and off-balance
        sheet assets                                                          10,193,191                   9,322,716                          9.34                8,582,636

     Note:   The Group calculated its leverage ratio in accordance with the provisions of the Rules on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (Revision) (CBRC Decree [2015]
             No.1). For detailed information about leverage ratios, please refer to the column on investor relations at http://www.citicbank.com/about/investor/financialaffairs/
             gglzb/2022_/.


     2.5.8 Major Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
     The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
     required the Group to make certain accounting estimates and assumptions when applying its accounting policies to
     determine the amounts of assets and liabilities as well as profits and losses for the reporting period. The accounting
     estimates and assumptions made by the Group were based on its historical experience and other factors such as reasonable
     expectations of future events. The key assumptions involved in such estimates and the judgment on uncertainties were
     reviewed on an on-going basis. Such accounting estimates and assumptions made by the Group were all appropriately
     recognized during the current period of the concerned changes and will be recognized as such during the subsequent
     periods of any impacts resulting from such changes.

     The basis for preparing the Group’s financial statements was influenced by estimates and judgments in the following main
     aspects: expected credit loss measurement model, classification of financial assets, fair value measurement of financial
     instruments, the derecognition of financial assets, the control of structured entities, income tax and deferred income tax.




46   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                  Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.5.9 Major Financial Statement Items with More than 30% Changes

                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                     Decrease over
                                                                                  End of        previous year-end/
 Item                                                                          2022/2022         year-on-year (%)          Main reason
 Precious metals                                                                     5,985                       (37.9)    Decrease in physical precious metals
 Loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions                                218,164                        51.6     Increase in lending to non-bank financial institutions
 Derivative financial assets                                                        44,383                        95.3     Increase in trading volume and revaluation of derivative
                                                                                                                             financial instruments
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                                      13,730                       (85.0)    Decrease in securities purchased under-resale agreements
 Borrowings from central banks                                                     119,422                       (36.9)    Repayment of borrowings from central banks
 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss                 1,546                        32.8     Increase in deposit certificates designated to be measured at fair
                                                                                                                             value through profit or loss
 Derivative financial liabilities                                                   44,265                        93.2     Increase in trading volume and revaluation of derivative
                                                                                                                             financial instruments
 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                 256,194                       160.5     Increase in securities sold under repurchase agreements
 Other comprehensive income                                                         (1,621)                     (198.6)    Changes in fair value of other debt investments


2.5.10 Segment Report
2.5.10.1 Segment Report
Major business segments of the Group include corporate banking, retail banking and financial markets business. The table
below lists the operating results of the Group by business segment.

                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                    2022                                                                                2021
                              Segment operating                            Segment profit                        Segment operating                             Segment profit
 Business Segment                       income     Proportion (%)              before tax     Proportion (%)               income      Proportion (%)              before tax   Proportion (%)
 Corporate banking                      94,436               44.7                 33,028                45.0               94,056               46.0                  25,015             38.2
 Retail banking                         84,677               40.1                 17,380                23.7               82,567               40.4                  22,704             34.6
 Financial markets business             30,312               14.4                 23,336                31.8               26,512               13.0                  19,442             29.7
 Others and unallocated                  1,684                0.8                   (328)               (0.5)               1,419                0.6                  (1,644)            (2.5)
 Total                                 211,109              100.0                 73,416              100.0               204,554              100.0                  65,517            100.0

                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                       End of 2022                                                       End of 2021
 Business Segment                                                      Segment assets                 Proportion (%)                     Segment assets                    Proportion (%)
 Corporate banking                                                            2,933,628                                  34.5                 2,725,565                                34.1
 Retail banking                                                               2,207,675                                  26.0                 2,124,792                                26.6
 Financial markets business                                                   2,713,155                                  32.0                 2,357,445                                29.5
 Others and unallocated                                                         638,074                                   7.5                   788,177                                 9.8
 Total                                                                        8,492,532                              100.0                    7,995,979                              100.0

Note:     Segment assets do not include deferred income tax assets.




                                                                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report          47
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.5.10.2 Geographical Segments
     The Group operates mainly in the Chinese mainland, with branches and sub-branches covering 31 provinces, autonomous
     regions and municipalities. London Branch officially commenced operation in 2019. As for subsidiaries, CIFH and CNCB
     Investment were registered in Hong Kong, while Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank, CITIC Financial Leasing and CITIC Wealth
     Management were registered in Chinese mainland. The table below lists the operating results of the Group by geographical
     segment.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                End of 2022/2022                                             End of 2021/2021
                                               Segment total assets           Segment profit before tax      Segment total assets           Segment profit before tax
      Geographical Segment                     Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)       Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)
      Head Office                            3,391,987             39.9            28,065          38.2    3,311,831           41.4             28,990           44.3
      Yangtze River Delta                    1,883,859             22.2            15,433          21.0    1,786,736           22.3              8,651           13.2
      Pearl River Delta and West Strait        989,734             11.7             5,059           6.9      936,397           11.7              3,008            4.6
      Bohai Rim                              1,853,384             21.8             9,953          13.6    1,827,646           22.8              9,325           14.2
      Central China                            830,699              9.8             8,947          12.2      773,844            9.7              4,248            6.5
      Western China                            671,733              7.9             3,026           4.1      645,367            8.1              8,372           12.8
      Northeastern China                       120,001              1.4               326           0.4      117,419            1.5                (42)          (0.1)
      Overseas                                 452,843              5.3             2,607           3.6      380,343            4.8              2,965            4.5
      Offset                                (1,701,708)           (20.0)                –             –   (1,783,604)         (22.3)                 –              –
      Total                                 8,492,532            100.0             73,416         100.0   7,995,979           100.0             65,517          100.0

     Note:    Segment assets do not include deferred income tax assets.




         2.6 Key Issues in Capital Market

     2.6.1 Strategic Planning
     The Bank made further advances in implementing its 2021-2023 Development Plan and the “342 Action Plan for
     Developing Core Business Capabilities”, and achieved fruitful results in strategy implementation.

     The Bank adhered to the guidance of Party building and fully implemented the missions and responsibilities of a state-
     owned enterprise. In pursuing future development, the Bank remained mindful of the country’s most fundamental interests,
     fulfilled its role as the main force and vanguard for serving the real economy, and fully bolstered a stable economic market
     and high-quality economic development. Inclusive finance, medium to long-term manufacturing, strategic emerging
     industries and agriculture-related loans grew by 21.57%, 34.74%, 36.58% and 22.78% respectively year on year. The
     Bank remained at the forefront of joint-stock banks in terms of core indicators of inclusive finance, ranked second among
     peers in the supervisory rating of financial services for micro and small-sized enterprises, and was recognized as the only
     excellent joint-stock bank in the supervisory assessment of rural revitalization business. In response to the “carbon peaking
     and carbon neutrality goals”, the Bank’s balance of green credit exceeded RMB334.082 billion, representing an increase of
     66.97% over the beginning of the year.

     The Bank attached great importance to developing core business capabilities and continuously consolidated the
     fundamentals of development. It outperformed the market in stabilizing interest margin, recording a net interest margin of
     1.97% and achieving a volume-price balance. Remarkable results were achieved in the expansion of intermediary business
     income and the non-interest income recorded 60.462 billion, marking a growth rate of 6.71 percentage points. The
     proportion of intermediary business income reached 28.64%, up by 0.94 percentage points comparing with last year.




48   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




The Bank embraced the concept of innovation-driven development, and continued to enhance the guiding role of
innovation. It increased the strategic investment in technological resources, promoted the transformation toward agile
technology management, deployed cutting-edge technologies in advance and strengthened technology application. It also
accelerated the filing of technology patents, so as to enhance its industry-leading data capabilities. The Bank improved
its digital technology application remarkably through the start of operation of a batch of high-value platform including
Benteng, the retail operation platform (M+), Tianyuan treasury system, Kunpeng, digital marketing platform for corporate
customers and the financial market application ecosystem. The Bank took the lead in developing four clouds (production
cloud, development and testing cloud, ecological cloud and subsidiary cloud), the biggest full-stack IT innovation project
developed by a joint-stock bank and the computing power improved by twice on a year-on-year base. In the past four years,
the number of technological personnel of the whole Bank increased by 1.94 times, while the number of required delivery
increased by 3.57 times over the same period, and the delivery period was shortened by more than 60%.

The Bank adhered to synergistic integration to fully leverage its overall collaboration advantages. Taking advantage of
the full financial licenses and full industrial coverage of CITIC Group, the Bank strengthened the cooperation between
the Head Office, branches and sub-branches, between the front, middle and back offices, and between domestic and
overseas businesses, established ecosystems for finance and finance cooperation, industry and finance cooperation, parent
company and subsidiary cooperation and cross-border cooperation and regional cooperation, and achieved the goal of
“sharing customers, joint product innovation, channel co-building, win-win marketing and pooled wisdom” to provide
comprehensive lifecycle services to customers. As a result, the Bank established a systematic, innovative and efficient
business cooperation mechanism, covering 37 branches for the first time. The scale of joint financing exceeded the
threshold of RMB2 trillion, representing an increase of 28% year on year. The supporting role of collaboration has become
increasingly prominent.

The Bank was committed to reform for empowerment, with a focus on optimizing its systems and mechanisms. Market-
oriented measures were taken to optimize its organizational system and management mechanism and promote further
development. With the goal of improving organizational power, the Bank conducted comprehensive reform of its systems
and mechanisms, optimized the organizational structures of risk management, technology and treasury sectors, integrated
the organizational system of the retail sector, and improved the centralized management of key corporate customers. The
Bank continued to promote the reform of human resources by scientifically planning and implementing policies in an
integrated way. It optimized the training, selection, management, use and other aspects of human resources, maintained the
right balance between strict management and incentives, and built a high-caliber official team who are capable of overseeing
the development of the Bank.

2.6.2 Wealth Management
2.6.2.1. Wealth Management of Retail Customers
To build “new retail” with wealth management at its core, the bank adhered to the customer-orientated and value-
orientated approach, comprehensively deepened customer relationship to become customers’ first choice of wealth
management bank as an expert at “settlement, investment, financing, activities and services (hereinafter referred to as “five
expertise”), with the suitability for “all customers – all products – all channels” as the operation strategy, four links of “sector
integration, bank-wide collaboration, intra-Group coordination and external connection” as the development path and two
wings of “digitalization and ecologicalization” as the capability support. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
of retail assets under management (including assets measured at fair value)6 of the Bank stood at RMB3.91 trillion, an
increase of 12.36% over the end of last year.




6	Including the retail customers’ asset under management of the Bank’s subsidiaries.




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report      49
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The Bank practiced the “all customers, products and channels” management strategy. The Bank made continuously efforts
     to improve the management system for all customers, including a centralized management system for mass customers,
     and an upgraded tiered service system for wealthy, VIP and private banking customers. In order to develop a product
     ecosystem, the Bank improved its investment research, strategy, product selection and investment advisory capabilities,
     and relied on CITIC Financial Holdings to launch “CITIC Premier”, which increased both the scale and quality of carte
     blanche of private banking and family trust, upgraded the rights and interests system for personal customers, and provided
     customers with comprehensive “financial + non-financial” services. The Bank adopted a service model covering all channels.
     It upgraded the mobile banking app and Mobile Card Space app to the 9.0 version, explored the “Iron Triangle” operation
     mode in remote channels, and accelerated the development of offline channels such as private banking centers and private
     banking studios, thus improving the localized service capability.

     The Bank attached equal importance to “four links” to foster new growth points. Regarding further integration between
     sectors, the Bank launched comprehensive management of personal credit customers, advanced the “dual card integration”
     of debit and credit cards, and established a characteristic wealth management service system for credit card customers.
     Regarding Bank-wide collaboration, the Bank strategically advanced payroll business through corporate-retail collaboration
     and developed a characteristic “investment banking + private banking” operation model, providing differentiated and
     characteristic services for entrepreneurs and enhancing the “Cloud Enterprise Club” brand of the Bank.

     The Bank continuously empowered operation management through “two wings”. During the reporting period, it promoted
     the digitalization of retail business, and launched a one-stop sales platform for wealth products, a lifecycle management
     system for private banking products, and a new generation personal credit system. With an improved retail operation
     platform (M+), the Bank basically realized the integrated management of “all customers, all products and all channels”
     of retail business. The Bank built open, win-win and symbiotic values and organizational capabilities in the aspects of
     organizational mechanism, operation system, service capability and cooperation model.

     2.6.2.2. Wealth Management for Corporate Customers
     The Bank is committed to becoming a “comprehensive, professional, leading and integrated” wealth service provider for
     corporate customers. As required by the “342 Action Plan for Developing Core Business Capabilities”, it builds an all-
     round accompanying marketing service system with customers as the center, intensified efforts in delivering richer products,
     better services, more convenient operation, and spared no effort to boost the sound development of corporate wealth
     management business.

     During the reporting period, the Bank strengthened the connection with leading external institutions and cross-selling
     with internal business sectors such as retail banking and private banking, and continued to enrich the ecosystem of
     corporate wealth management products. At present, the ecosystem covers cash management, fixed income and fixed
     income+ products, and includes both customized public offering and private placement products, with the aim of providing
     customers with diversified and personalized value-added services.

     The Bank strengthened the synergy within CITIC Group, and deepened cooperation with leading financial subsidiaries
     within CITIC Group such as CITIC Securities and CITIC Trust. During the reporting period, the Bank worked with
     CITIC Wealth Management to launch the first wealth management product themed on rural revitalization, and issued
     “Common Prosperity” wealth management products themed on charity, demonstrating an effective combination of
     corporate social responsibility and investment & wealth management. The Bank also worked with CITIC Securities to
     launch the “fixed income + REITs” wealth management products, with a total sales volume of RMB189 million during the
     reporting period, achieving a win-win result of providing services to real economy customers and completing the capital-
     light transformation of the Bank.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of corporate wealth management registered RMB199.856 billion, an
     increase of RMB20.903 billion over the end of last year. With the increase in customers, the Bank’s corporate wealth
     management products and services have gained more recognition and built a stronger brand image.




50   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.6.3 Asset Management
Asset management business is the bridge and pivotal link in the value chain of “wealth management – asset management
– comprehensive financing” of the Bank. Relying on the advantage in financial license, ability in asset allocation and
investment management of CITIC Wealth Management, the Bank gave full play to the advantages of synergy across the
Group and between parent and subsidiaries, so as to build an all-round asset management bank with core competitiveness,
full range of products, wide customer coverage and leading comprehensive strength. While creating value for customers, the
Bank also facilitated the transformation toward capital-light development and played an important role in building a bank
of value.

The Bank’s asset management business closely followed the national strategies and resolutely performed its responsibilities
of serving the real economy. The Bank actively promoted common prosperity, took the lead in exploring the new
model of “charity + finance”, and issued “Common Prosperity” thematic products during the reporting period, with total
donations of about RMB742.1 thousand. It vigorously developed green finance, actively communicated green value, made
breakthroughs in green finance productization, and issued a number of ESG, green low-carbon thematic products. As at the
end of the reporting period, the scale of green products reached RMB2.996 billion. The Bank accelerated the arrangement
in pension finance, made multi-dimensional efforts in product creation, investment management, risk control mechanism,
management rule and operation custody after obtaining formal approval for the pilot qualification of pension wealth
management products, and actively reported the plan for personal pension wealth management business after the release of
the Notice of the CBIRC on Printing and Distributing the Interim Measures on the Management of Personal Pension Business
of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies. The Bank continuously served technological innovation,
supported enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique, novel products, empowered technology-based
innovative enterprises through direct equity investment, equity financing, industrial fund, patent technology financing and
so on, thus promoting breakthroughs in the “bottleneck” core technologies. It also actively implemented the national
rural revitalization strategy. Focusing on key rural industries, it strengthened innovation in financial products and service
modes based on the positioning of wealth management business and its business advantages, and launched two rural
revitalization-themed products during the reporting period, with a total scale of RMB3.118 billion. As at the end of the
reporting period, the underlying assets of new products were all performing assets, indicating sound asset quality control.

With customer demands as the guide in asset management business, the Bank created a product system featuring “6+2”,
namely currency, currency+, fixed income, fixed income+, hybrid and equity plus project and equity, so as to fully satisfy
the differentiated wealth management needs of different customers. Product scale hit another record high. During the
reporting period, the Bank ranked second among national wealth management institutions in terms of increment of wealth
management products. The product performance and market status in asset management business were highly recognized
by the market. During the reporting period, it cumulatively won 40 authoritative awards such as “Golden Pixiu Award”
and “Golden Bull Award”. In the ranking of banks by comprehensive wealth management capabilities in the four quarters
of 2022 issued by Pystandard, CITIC Wealth Management maintained its ranking as the second among nationwide wealth
management institutions.

In terms of asset management business, the Bank continued with innovation and exploration, stepped up the transformation
of financial technology innovation to application results, and vigorously explored external channels and accelerated the
promotion of mutual progress of dual circulations. As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Wealth Management
established commission sales relationships with 27 commission sales corporation institutions, an increase of 15 compared
with the end of the previous year, took the lead to launch the direct sales APP to serve customers, became the first wealth
management subsidiary of joint-stock commercial banks to have a direct sales APP, and steadily pressed ahead with the
layout of an open wealth management platform. The Bank applied block chain to strengthen the internal and external
information interaction of investment advisory service for family trust, applied OCR (optical character recognition),
biological recognition and other technologies to improve efficiency and enhance compliance in direct sales scenarios, and
employed the RPA (robotic process automation) technology to improve the automation of eight operation scenarios such as
valuation and reconciliation.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     51
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s wealth management products amounted to RMB1,577.077 billion, an
     increase of RMB173.802 billion or 12.39% over the end of the previous year, of which the net value products meeting the
     requirements of the new regulations on asset management amounted to RMB1,490.789 billion, accounting for 94.53%, an
     increase of RMB224.066 billion over the end of the previous year.

     2.6.4 Comprehensive Financing
     The Bank made proactive efforts to implement the state’s macro-policies, made solid progress in the “three-pronged
     integration”7 project in three dimensions of customers, products and management, actively created an ecosystem of value,
     constantly enhanced the advantages of comprehensive financing service and strove to become the “best comprehensive
     financial service provider”. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s comprehensive financing
     amounted to RMB12.30 trillion, up by 7.23% over the end of last year.

     The Bank focused on the “three-pronged integration” project of products, customers and management systems. Through
     the integration of “commercial banking + investment banking”, the Bank transformed from “credit intermediary” to “service
     intermediary” and “traffic operation” and moved ahead with capital-light business development. During the reporting
     period, the scale of debt financing instruments underwritten reached RMB739.340 billion, ranking the first place in the
     market. The Bank successfully rolled out “Chain Ecosystem” and launched a number of innovative products and platforms
     centered on the corporate asset pool, providing RMB1,210.785 billion financing support to over 30,000 enterprises. The
     balance of payments and foreign exchange transactions exceeded USD400.0 billion and USD200.0 billion, respectively, making
     the Bank rank first among joint-stock banks. The Bank energetically advanced the creation of small and medium-sized
     customer groups, built a “value inclusive” system, ramped up efforts in the management of large customers, government
     customers and institutional customers, focused on market players in the new economic area, stepped up marketing to high-
     quality customer groups such as listed companies and enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique,
     novel products, and expanded channels for acquiring customers.

     The Bank defined the ecosystems and tapped their value. It focused on building the ecosystems of more than 300
     institutions in ten categories, formulated ecosystem guidelines, clarified the value and model of cooperation with ecosystem
     subjects, and fully tapped the multi-dimensional and multi-perspective value in fund, asset, customer, product, channel
     and license in the ecosystem. It promoted the development principle of “One CITIC, One Customer” in an all-round
     manner, continuously expanded the coverage of CITIC Group-wide collaboration, and provided customers with all-round
     comprehensive financing solutions. It also continuously improved the multi-dimensional system of finance and finance
     cooperation, industry and finance cooperation, business segment cooperation, fund-raising and capital cooperation, inter-
     branch cooperation and think tank cooperation, built an all-round financing ecosystem featuring “beyond a bank”, achieved
     its capital-light development goals, and created value beyond customers’ expectations.

     Subsequently, the Bank will continuously integrate resources, optimize models, perfect mechanisms, open up the credit,
     capital and money markets, deepen cooperation with subsidiaries, strengthen the building of financial cooperation
     ecosystems, provide diversified financing services for the development of the real economy, and become a comprehensive
     financing provider leading the market.




     7	It refers to the building of the “1+3” product system integration project, the “1+3” project of customer management integration and the “1+3” project of
             management system integration.




52   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.6.5 Asset Quality
During the reporting period, the volatile international environment adversely affected China’s economic growth, and
various unpredictable risks and challenges obviously surged. With the high-quality development as the main task, the Bank
faced difficulties head-on, sought progress while maintaining stability, firmly held the risk bottom line, and maintained a
stable trend of asset quality.

As at the end of the reporting period, total loans of the Group
amounted to RMB5,152.772 billion, representing an increase of                          NPL balance and ratio
RMB296.803 billion over the end of the previous year. Asset quality
improved stably, and both NPL balance and ratio continued to                   Unit: RMB100 million

drop. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of NPLs                       NPL ratio 1.39%
were RMB65.213 billion, a decrease of RMB2.246 billion over the                                            NPL ratio 1.27%
beginning of this year. NPL ratio was 1.27%, a decrease of 0.12
percentage point over the year beginning. Problematic loans balance                         674.59
and ratio decreased compared with the beginning of the year. The                                             652.13
balance of problematic loans was RMB149.582 billion, a decrease
of RMB2.767 billion compared with the beginning of the year.
The problematic loan ratio was 2.90%, down by 0.24 percentage
point over the beginning of the year. The risk resistance capability
continued to improve. The ratio of allowance for impairment losses
on loans to non-performing loans (or allowance coverage ratio) stood
at 201.19%, up by 21.12 percentage point over the beginning of this
year. The ratio of allowance for impairment losses on loans to total
loans (or allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans) was
2.55%, up by 0.05 percentage point over the beginning of this year,
indicating adequate provisioning.                                                      End of Dec 2021   End of Dec 2022

The Bank continued to strengthen risk management and control. On the one hand, it strictly controlled increased risks.
The Bank further tapped into a combination of five policies, and improved the market research and analysis ability to
promote targeted credit extension. Efforts were made to enhance portfolio management, strengthen regional and customer
concentration risk control, and optimize the credit structure. The Bank improved post-lending management, optimized the
“online + offline” risk warning system, and strengthened risk management and control in key areas such as real estate, local
government financing vehicles and large amount group customers. The Bank set the time window for early risk elimination,
guided active reduction and exit of low-quality and inefficient customers, and effectively prevented the deterioration of asset
quality. On the other hand, it accelerated the mitigation of existing risks, implemented the list-based management of key
projects, adopted category-specific policies to speed up the resolution and disposal, made positive progress in the recovery
and resolution of several key projects, and achieved major breakthroughs in the recovery and resolution of non-performing
assets through Group-wide collaboration.

2.6.6 Risk Management of Real Estate Industry
The Bank strictly implemented the policies for stabilizing the real estate market, adhered to the positioning of “housing is
for living, not for speculation”, and introduced differentiated housing credit policies in different cities. In order to ensure
steady extension of real estate loans, it distinguished real estate project risks from the risks in enterprise groups to meet
the reasonable financing needs of real estate enterprises. It took prudent steps to carry out M&A loan business for real
estate projects, facilitated high-quality real estate enterprises to issue debt financing instruments, and provided consulting
services for M&A financing. The Bank also granted loan extensions for real estate sector to ensure the completion and
delivery of projects. To ensure the delivery of housing projects and people’s livelihood and stability, the Bank encouraged
special financing support to the lending facilitation set aside especially for housing project. Moreover, the Bank supported
rigid and improvement housing demands, improved the housing financial services for new citizens, and boosted the steady
and healthy development of the real estate market. While ensuring the steady granting of real estate loans, the Bank
strengthened prevention and control of credit risks. It implemented tiered and classified management of customers, with
various risk resolution plans prepared in advance. In respect of key large-amount credit customers, the Bank promoted
cooperation within CITIC Group to properly handle and resolve risks.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   53
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s corporate real estate financing bearing credit risk,
     including real estate-related loans, bank acceptance drafts, letters of guarantee, bond investment and non-standardized
     investment, stood at RMB373.433 billion, representing a decrease of RMB24.280 billion from the end of last year, of
     which the balance of corporate real estate loans amounted to RMB277.173 billion, representing a drop of RMB7.628
     billion from the end of last year, accounting for 10.98% of the Group’s corporate loans, a decrease of 1.21 percentage
     point from the end of last year. The balance of the Group’s corporate real estate financing bearing no credit risk, including
     agency sale and investment with wealth management funds amounted to RMB48.362 billion, representing a decrease of
     RMB17.548 billion from the end of last year. And the balance of bonds underwritten stood at RMB52.946 billion, down
     by RMB2.205 billion over the end of previous year. The Group adopted differentiated policies for real estate corporate
     customers and increased efforts in risk mitigation and disposal. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s ratio of
     non-performing loans in real estate was 3.08%, a decrease of 0.55 percentage point over the end of the previous year.

     In the next step, the Group will continue to implement the policies and regulatory requirements regarding the real estate
     industry and conduct real estate business in a prudent manner. It will pay high attention to the macro policies on real
     estate, strengthen market research and make forward-looking judgment, so as to timely optimize internal management
     measures.

     2.6.7 Stabilizing the Economy and Supporting the Real Economy
     In 2022, the situations at home and abroad changed greatly, and the downward pressure on the economy obviously
     increased. After the CPC Central Committee and State Council issued a package of policies and measures to stabilize
     the economy, the Bank promptly formulated the 29 Measures of China CITIC Bank for Stabilizing the Economy. Closely
     following the series of national plans to stabilize investment, promote consumption and ensure people’s livelihood, the Bank
     resolutely shouldered its mission as a state-owned enterprise, continued to provide credit support to key areas supported by
     national macroeconomic policies, and increased credit extension to boost the steady growth of the real economy.

     The Bank promoted loan granting and went all out to support the steady growth of the real economy. It advanced
     the combination of five policies, stepped up industry research and policy guidance in key areas such as manufacturing,
     strategic and emerging, high-tech, inclusive finance and agriculture-related industries, intensified marketing efforts and
     improved review and approval standards. The Bank actively undertook major government projects, increased investment
     in infrastructure construction projects, and moderately increased local bond investment and subscription. Attaching equal
     importance to energy supply guarantee and green development, it ensured the technological upgrading and the financing
     needs of key coal enterprises for working capital loans, and actively supported the construction of key projects such as
     wind and photovoltaic power. Furthermore, the Bank strengthened financing support for industrial and supply chains,
     consistently promoted online and scenario-based business development, and quickly responded to the financing needs of
     core and supporting enterprises on the industrial chain. Centering on the goals of “stabilizing land price, house price and
     expectations”, the Bank met the reasonable financing needs of real estate enterprises.

     The Bank ramped up risk prevention and control efforts to achieve high-quality and sustainable development. Upholding
     the principles of “making concessions in profits not risks”, the Bank firmly held the bottom line of risk management and
     properly managed risks while giving supports to enterprises, alleviating difficulties and providing supports in loan granting.
     It actively promoted online and automated product innovation, gave full play to the advantages in fintech, and enhanced
     efforts in the building of risk control models. It also firmly defended the bottom line of zero systemic risk and safeguarded
     the security of credit funds.




54   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                         Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank upheld the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee and the State
Council, promoted the implementation of a package of policies and a series of measures to stabilize the economy, steadily
improved the quality and efficiency of services for the real economy, and increased the reserves and credit supply for
inclusive finance, strategic emerging industries and renovation and upgrading of traditional manufacturing industries. As
at the end of the reporting period, the balance of inclusive loans amounted to RMB445.992 billion, up by RMB79.125
billion or 21.57% from the end of previous year. The balance of lending to strategic emerging industries was RMB424.210
billion, up by RMB113.613 billion or 36.58% from the end of previous year. The balance of medium and long-term loans
to the manufacturing sector8 stood at RMB202.262 billion, up by RMB52.145 billion or 34.74% compared with the end
of previous year.

2.6.8 Financial Holdings Platform
2022 is the first year of operation for CITIC Financial Holdings. As one of the first licensed financial holding companies
and under the guidance of the “553” Strategy9 of the Group, CITIC Financial Holdings formulated the “1435”10
development strategy. The establishment of CITIC Financial Holdings injected new momentum and potential for the high-
quality business development of the Bank, the largest financial subsidiary of the CITIC Group.

Improving unified customer service capabilities. Following the development principle of “One CITIC, One Customer”,
CITIC Financial Holdings integrated specialized financial service capabilities in banking, securities, trust, insurance, asset
management and other sub-areas within the Group, and helped the Bank improve its comprehensive customer service
capability. During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Holdings selected the first batch of strategic customers and
entrepreneur customers, and established an “N+1+1”11 inter-subsidiary service team to support the “individual-family-
enterprise-society” office system for entrepreneurs. Through cooperation with the Bank, CITIC Financial Holdings
implemented several key projects and achieved an increase in comprehensive financing volume and AUM balance.

Improving comprehensive financial service capabilities. CITIC Financial Holdings established a wealth management
committee with 3 specialized committees for investment banking, retail banking and capital allocation, which integrated
the expertise of various financial subsidiaries to create a value chain of three links, i.e., comprehensive financing, wealth
management and asset management, so as to provide a package of full-stack financial services to meet the needs of different
customers. During the reporting period, the Bank achieved full marketing coverage of listed enterprises sponsored by
CITIC Securities and China Securities. Thanks to the new IPO projects from the two brokers, the number of fund-raising
accounts, credit extension and credit use increased significantly. It also launched the first fund that makes direct equity
investments in sci-tech enterprises in the banking industry, providing specialized and targeted solutions for the high-quality
development of real enterprises.

Enhancing the capabilities for comprehensive risk prevention and control. CITIC Financial Holdings established a
comprehensive risk management system from five perspectives, i.e. organization, policy, process, technology and culture,
with the aim of exploring a new risk management model for comprehensive financial groups, which helped the Bank
identify and eliminate potential dangers and risks in advance, and rely on the Group’s advantage in industry-finance
collaboration and coordination to accelerate risk disposal and resolution. During the reporting period, the Bank worked
with CITIC Urban Development & Operation, China Huarong and other members of the Group to resolve the debt risk
of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd., worth RMB10 billion and successfully revitalized the assets worth nearly RMB100 billion,
developing a new model of risk resolution through industry and finance cooperation.




8	From the S72 Statement on Financing of the Manufacturing Industry issued by the CBIRC, including corporate and personal business loans granted to the
         manufacturing industry.
9	The “553” Strategy refers to tapping deep in five sectors of comprehensive financial service, advanced manufacturing, advanced materials, new consumption and
         new-type urbanization, building five platforms of financial holding, industrial group, capital investment, capital operation and strategic investment, and mainly
         employing three methods of integration, collaboration and expansion to boost future development.
10	The “1435” Strategy refers to building the first-class platform of financial holding, improving four functional systems of comprehensive risk prevention and
         control, comprehensive financial services, unified customer services and advanced technological empowerment, developing three core capabilities of wealth
         management, asset management and comprehensive financing, and strengthening five sub-areas of banking, securities, trust, insurance and asset management.
11	i.e. A team of several subsidiaries is built to jointly serve a strategic customer.




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report            55
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Improving advanced FinTech capabilities. Adhering to the principal that technological innovation is the primary driving
     force, CITIC Financial Holdings is dedicated to building a new ecosystem that is open and integrated with “shared
     infrastructure, data resources, management applications and user experience”. During the reporting period, the Bank
     relied on the platform of CITIC Financial Holdings to promote the sharing of data and information among financial
     subsidiaries, promoted the application of “synergy +” and “enjoyment +” systems, further promoted the conversion of
     CITIC Group’s strategic customers and customers of CITIC Financial Holdings and customers of financial subsidiaries to
     the Bank’s customers, advanced customer value analysis and data mining, further improved the efficiency and accuracy of
     comprehensive services, and achieved lifecycle customer management.

     2.6.9 Digital CITIC
     The Bank firmly pressed ahead with the strategy of strengthening itself through technology, with customer value as the
     guide and customer journey reshaping as the key point, thus promoting the joint upgrading of front, middle and back
     offices. Taking financial technology as a permanent driving force, the Bank comprehensively shaped the digital capability
     of its operation and management, built a smart, ecological and digital CITIC with human touch, and enhanced the Bank’s
     competitiveness and market value, thus supporting the high-quality implementation of the action plan for developing core
     business capabilities on all fronts.

     The Bank continuously improved the core technology capacities. It continued to deepen the integration of business,
     technology and data, established an end-to-end business demand management mechanism, and achieved a substantial
     increase in the efficiency and quality of R&D delivery. The annual number of production defects per 100 people decreased
     by nearly 80% year on year. The Bank continued to build and promote enterprise-level public business capabilities, with a
     service reuse rate of more than 60% in the business middle platform and access to 85% of newly developed or reconstructed
     systems, covering users, products, marketing and other major business areas, forming a service-oriented architecture, and
     vigorously supporting the flexible expansion and rapid innovation of front-office business. At the technological middle
     offices, a cloud native technology base was established with service grid, container cloud platform, Lego development
     platform and basic technology services as the main line, which helped improve the deployment process speed by 30% and
     increased launch efficiency by four times. At the data middle offices, the Bank continued to promote the development of
     enterprise-level data public platforms and tools. The layout of four clouds (production cloud, development and testing
     cloud, subsidiary cloud and ecosystem cloud) basically took shape. The scale of the IT innovation resource pool ranked first
     among joint-stock banks, the computing power increased by 2 times year on year.

     To meet growing business demand, the Bank constantly promoted the research, development and application of cutting-
     edge technologies. An IoT financial platform was launched and applied to the high-end liquor industry for inventory
     control. The underlying platform of the CITIC blockchain has been fully localized. It is among the first batch of financial
     institutions to pass all the IT Innovation evaluation of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the
     People’s Republic of China at one time, with a processing capacity of more than 130,000 transactions per second, ranking
     first in the industry in terms of technical maturity. The Bank established the first integrated platform of “blockchain
     + privacy computing” through independent R&D in the industry, which was selected as an Excellent Case of FinTech
     Innovation in the 7th Rongcheng Cup in 2022. In order to achieve independent and controllable core technologies in
     key fields, the Bank made breakthroughs in business middle offices, technological middle offices, full-stack IT Innovation
     cloud and other leading-edge technologies in the industry. It took the lead in realizing independent control of the clustered
     system for financial market applications, significantly improved the Bank’s capability in intelligent quotation, transaction,
     risk control and operations for the financial market business, and provided a “CITIC Solution” for the localization and
     architectural transformation of financial market applications in the banking industry, which was awarded the second prize
     of the 2021 FinTech Development Awards by the PBOC. At the 2022 World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC),
     the Bank’s multiple technology innovation achievements were presented, further expanding the influence of the CITIC
     technology brand.




56   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




The Bank worked to develop enterprise-class data capabilities and tap the potential of data as a factor of production. It set
up the big data center as a tier-1 department, and stepped up efforts to build a bank-wide digital capability center, forming
a new organizational structure of “one department and three centers”. A bank-wide data strategic plan was made with a
focus on the building of core capabilities in the three areas of data governance, data application and technical support, so
as to develop industry-leading data capabilities. The Bank strengthened data governance and implementation of standards,
and released 20,000 data dictionary entries on a cumulative basis, covering all basic business areas. Meanwhile, it fully
implemented the integration of data tables into the data lake, with a year-on-year increase of 40%. The Bank continued
to cement the data base. The calculation capacity of the data base platform increased by nearly 80% year on year, and the
average time of data processing was shortened by 60%. The Bank established a Bank-wide real-time data service center.
The demand for data collection and delivery increased by 48% year on year, and the average data collection efficiency
increased by 50% year on year. Relying on the digital process system, the Bank promoted business conduct based on data
and application of data in business. For example, based on machine learning, operations optimization and other intelligent
technologies, the Bank realized the automatic generation of customer group management strategies. As a result, the upgrade
rate of private banking customers increased by over 90%, with AUM12 increasing by 30%. Based on CITIC Brain, high-
precision OCR and other intelligent tools, the Bank promoted the digitalization of operation process with an accuracy of
more than 90%.

The Bank continued to tap the potential of business digitalization. Focusing wealth management business, the Bank
carried out a series of key projects such as the integrated wealth management sale platform (Benteng), the new-generation
clustered personal credit system (Kunpeng), the retail operation platform (M+) (Phase II) and the e Manager (Qingyun).
The Kunpeng system was designed with an enterprise-level architecture design for the first time. It introduced the business
modeling method and adopted service grid, containerization and other cloud native technologies, marking the Bank’s
successful transformation toward new-generation enterprise architecture, and achieving full coverage of personal credit
products, efficient and centralized operation system, and rapid access to multiple scenarios. Since the system was put
into operation, it has achieved 24/7 uninterrupted trading, with an average daily trading volume of nearly 30 million
transactions. Focusing corporate banking, the Bank launched Tianyuan treasury system, digital marketing platform for
corporate customers, smart online banking 4.0 etc. To seize the opportunity arising from building treasury management
systems for central and state-owned enterprises (SOEs), the Bank developed the intelligent treasury management system, one
of the first pilot projects that were put into operation in the industry. The Bank launched 875 business functions under 70
modules in 12 centers to the system, integrated the Bank’s leading ecosystem-based product system of transaction banking,
and fully supported the multi-level organizational structure, multi-level penetration and multi-processing configuration of
corporate groups, providing customers with personalized, customized and comprehensive financial management services,
successfully building CITIC Treasury into an industry-leading brand. Focusing the financial market business, the Bank
put into operation the centralized trading platform and the asset custody accounting system, and restructured the inter-
bank third-party escrow system. The centralized trading platform provided access to major overseas counterparties and
realized comprehensive ex ante risk control, covering 90% risk indicators for ex ante risk control. Focusing middle and
back-office businesses, the Bank relied on the intelligent risk control system for bank-wide operation and maintenance,
and realized automatic compliance inspection of operation and maintenance, covering risk identification, measurement and
monitoring, resolution, improvement and other fields to support daily inspection, real-time modification and full coverage
of risks.

During the reporting period, the Group invested RMB8.749 billion in information technology, an increase of 16.08%
compared with the end of prior year, and accounting for 4.14% of operating income. Most of the investments went to
cloud infrastructure, digitalization of front, middle and back-office business and big data R&D. As at the end of the
reporting period, the Bank’s technology personnel (excluding subsidiaries) hit 4,762, up by 11.11% compared with the end
of last year, with the ratio of technology personnel reaching 8.40%.




12	AUM means Assets under Management.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     57
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.6.10 Brand Upgrading
     In order to adapt to changes in the internal and external development and banking business, expand brand influence
     and boost business growth, the Bank launched the brand change program in 2022 taking the opportunity of the 35th
     anniversary of its founding, and planned to build up “One CITIC Bank, One Brand Premise” and establish the “Single
     Brand Model”, “Three-tier Brand Structure” and a brand system. At its anniversary on 16 September, the Bank issued the
     new brand premise “the more we care, the more you gain”.

     The Bank has raised improving its wealth management capacity to a strategic level, dedicated to meeting customers’
     lifecycle wealth management needs, providing long-term accompanying services, and actively responding to the concerns of
     customers, investors and other stakeholders in response the theme of the era “common prosperity”.

     The Bank commits to its stakeholders that it will bring new imagination and expectations to the market with a new image:

     To society, it will shoulder the common mission of increasing social wealth, specifically, creating a virtuous circle of funds
     and assets, providing more secure and reliable asset allocation for society, guiding social funds to bolster the transformation
     of social and economic development achievements through diversified asset allocation and reliable channels, and shouldering
     its due social responsibility in following the national strategy of steadily increasing the wealth of the whole society.

     For large institutions, it will fully support upgrading and strategic transformation of traditional industries, specifically,
     supporting medium and large manufacturing enterprises throughout the whole process of their value upgrading and
     innovative development by virtue of its comprehensive financial service capabilities, international and cross-market asset
     management, and the Group’s “finance + real economy” resources.

     For small and medium-sized enterprises, it will protect the healthy growth of emerging industries, specifically, supporting
     small and medium-sized enterprises throughout their development process from innovation to entrepreneurship, from
     product research and development to scale operation, from partnership to listing and financing, and helping them
     continuously improve competitiveness and sustainable healthy development by rapidly pooling resources for emerging
     industries through comprehensive financing services.

     For personal customers, it will deliver wealth management services throughout their life, specifically, meeting each
     customer’s advanced demand for professional wealth management by providing considerate financial services and through
     personalized and diversified wealth management services, and constantly encouraging customers to pursue high quality of
     life at all stages of life.




58   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




   2.7 Business Overview

2.7.1 Corporate Banking
During the reporting period, the Bank’s corporate banking business,                 Net operating income of
with a focus on “three core capabilities” and “four business themes”               corporate banking business
continuously promoted the transformation of corporate banking
business. Accordingly, great progress was achieved in the overall              Unit: RMB100 million

operating capacity and performance of corporate banking business.
                                                                                                      0.09%
During the reporting period, the Bank’s corporate banking business                          893.33        892.53
registered a net operating income of RMB89.253 billion, down
by 0.09% year on year, accounting for 45.13% of the Bank’s net
operating income. Specifically, the net non-interest income from
corporate banking was RMB13.460 billion, up by 3.21% year on
year, accounting for 24.41% of the Bank’s net non-interest income,
down by 1.61 percentage points from the previous year.

Liabilities
During the reporting period, the Bank worked to seek progress
while maintaining stability, and achieved a balance between quantity
and price of its corporate loan business. It promoted the step-by-
step optimization of its loan structure, and maintained the balanced
                                                                                       2021            2022
development featuring steady growth in total amount and reasonable
cost management and control. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank registered balance of corporate deposits of
RMB3,637.995 billion, up by RMB37.747 billion over the end of last year, with a daily average balance of RMB3,756.265
billion, up by RMB211.699 billion over last year, continuing to lead joint-stock commercial banks. Specifically, the period-
end balance of structured deposits accounted for 4.76% of the total, down by 0.09 percentage point from the end of last
year, which was relatively low among joint-stock commercial banks.

The Bank maintained reasonable control over the scale of market-oriented deposit products, vigorously developed
transaction banking, expanded the small and medium-sized customer group, promoted the growth of settlement deposits,
and achieved effective cost control of corporate deposits. During the reporting period, the cost rate of the Bank’s corporate
deposits was 2.06%, an increase of 3BPs from last year. The Bank’s cost of corporate deposits stayed at a relatively low level
among joint-stock commercial banks.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report   59
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Assets
     The Bank thoroughly implemented relevant requirements of the state on economic work, and contributed CITIC strength
     in serving real enterprises and facilitating the stabilization of macroeconomy. As at the end of the reporting period, the
     Bank’s balance of general corporate loans was RMB2,299.396 billion, an increase of RMB169.137 billion over the prior
     year-end, and greatly facilitating the high-quality development of the economy. The Bank guided branches to grant loans
     in key regions, fields and industries through credit assessment. During the reporting period, the credit growth in green
     credit, strategic emerging industries and other key areas of the real economy exceeded the planned target, and the asset
     structure was significantly optimized. A total of RMB7.374 billion was invested in 139 projects on the list of the National
     Development and Reform Commission and the People’s Bank of China’s three major policies on medium and long-
     term lending to the manufacturing sector, policy-related and developmental financial instruments and relending facility to
     support equipment upgrades.

     During the reporting period, the cumulative weighted average interest rate of newly granted RMB corporate loans was 4.29%,
     and the pricing ability of corporate loans remained in the forefront of the industry.

     2.7.1.1 Customer Management
     Adhering to the “customer-centric philosophy”, the Bank refined the stratified and classified customer management system,
     and improved the cooperation stickiness of high-growth and high-value customer groups. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Bank recorded 1,037.3 thousand accounts of corporate customers, an increase of 110.6 thousand over the prior
     year-end. Among them, there were 252.9 thousand accounts of base corporate customers13 and 140.4 thousand accounts of
     valid customers14, up by 30.6 thousand and 16.1 thousand respectively from the end of the previous year.

     Strategic Customers
     The Bank continuously strengthened the upgraded marketing for strategic customers at the Head Office and branches. By
     collaboration between front, middle and back offices, and coordination between the Head Office and branches, the Bank
     fully tapped into the business opportunities from its 190 Head Office-level strategic customers, more than 1,600 branch-
     level strategic customers and their industrial chains.

     Leveraging the synergistic advantages of CITIC Group, the Bank developed customized comprehensive financial solutions,
     innovated new supply chain financial products, streamlined business process, expanded business authorization and allocated
     differentiated resources for each strategic customer. During the reporting period, the Bank established strategic cooperation
     with CRRC Corporation Limited, China Overseas Land & Investment Ltd. and other customers, deepened comprehensive
     financing, wealth management and transaction settlement services for leading customers in key fields and industries such
     as new energy, new infrastructure, high-end equipment manufacturing, automobile, TMT and extensive consumption, and
     provided high-quality and efficient financial services for small- and medium-sized enterprises on the industrial chains of
     strategic customers.

     During the reporting period, the Bank’s daily average balance of deposits from strategic customers stood at RMB1,367.371
     billion, an increase of 5.69% over the previous year-end; and operating income reached RMB27.259 billion. As at the end
     of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans to strategic customers stood at RMB781.575 billion, an increase of 6.24%
     over the end of the previous year, showing good overall loan quality15.




     13	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposits of RMB100,000 and above.
     14	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposits of RMB500,000 and above.
     15	Deposit balance, operating income and loan balance of strategic customers are counted according to the list of strategic customers adjusted and confirmed by the
              Bank. For data comparability, relevant growth rates are adjusted according to changes in the scope of customers.




60   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Government and Institutional Customers
The Bank fully leveraged its distinctive strengths in government and institutional business, and enhanced the establishment
of the government and institutional business system, working to build the brand of government financial services of CITIC
Bank.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s government and institutional business segment continued to intensively develop
business in key fields such as public finance, social security, housing, education and healthcare and provided professional,
efficient and quality financial services. It obtained qualifications for nearly 500 key government service accounts. The
Bank played a positive role in practicing national strategies and safeguarding economic stability. For key fields such as
water conservancy, transportation, education, medical care, renovation of old residential communities, rural revitalization,
new urbanization, new infrastructure, etc., the Bank addressed the concerns of governments at all levels with full-process
services for local government bonds. It provided consulting services for more than 3,000 local government bond projects.
With a focus on government administration and people’s livelihood, the Bank strengthened the digital transformation
of the institutional business, continued to refine the smart governance service system, and launched over 200 projects in
cooperation with hospitals, schools and courts, driving steady increase in the number of institutional customers.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 69.2 thousand accounts of institutional customers16 of various
types. During the reporting period, daily average deposits posted RMB1,262.533 billion, up by 1.94% over the same
period of previous year, with an NPL ratio of 0.16%, indicating good asset quality.

Small and Medium-sized Customers
The Bank continued to strengthen the comprehensive and in-depth management of small and medium-sized customers17.
By improving the top-level design, mechanism and supporting policies, it built a marketing service system featuring “targeted
customer contact, effective customer acquisition, customer activation with various measures, and deepening of customer
stickiness”, which integrated the four toolboxes of “policies, services, products and cooperation” to improve the financial
services for small and medium-sized customers.

The Bank formulated the 2022-2024 Action Plan for the Management of Small and Medium-sized Corporate Customers,
focusing on key customer groups in technological innovation, green economy, capital market etc., and developed
comprehensive solutions based on key scenarios such as batch customer acquisition via “100 key customer acquisition
channels and 1,000 customer acquisition chains”, industrial park financing, and private and corporate banking interaction
scenarios. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank served a total of 15,294 enterprises with specialized, sophisticated
techniques and unique, novel products, an increase of 5,905 enterprises compared with the prior year-end; and served 4,580
listed companies and pre-IPO companies, an increase of 592 enterprises compared with the prior year-end. As a result, the
comprehensive financial services for new economy and new dynamic customers have been improved in terms of quality and
efficiency.

As at the end of the reporting period, the number of small and medium-sized customers reached 242.8 thousand, an
increase of 30.1 thousand compared with the prior year-end. During the reporting period, the Bank recorded an average
daily balance of deposits (including wealth management) of RMB738.106 billion, an increase of RMB75.087 billion year
on year.




16	Due to its need for management of corporate customers, the Bank reclassified the existing institutional customers and made corresponding regressive calculation
         of the beginning base figures.
17	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposits (including wealth management) between RMB100,000 and RMB50 million.




                                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report           61
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Micro and Small Enterprise Customers
     During the reporting period, the Bank implemented relevant decisions and
     plans of the nation as well as regulatory policies and requirements, and put
     into practice a package of policies to stabilize economy. While fully supporting
     micro and small enterprises in reducing burdens and overcoming difficulties,
     and safeguarding macroeconomic stability, the Bank achieved remarkable
     results and was widely praised by regulators and all sectors of society. The
     Bank was named the “Annual Typical Case of Inclusive Finance” by China
     Banking Association and “Industry Finance Practice Case” by Asian Financial
     Cooperation Association.

     The Bank continued to consolidate the system and mechanism foundation.
     During the reporting period, the Board of Directors listened to the 2021
     report on the development of inclusive finance and the 2022 plan. The Senior
     Management held several meetings on inclusive finance and made key work
     arrangements. The steering group and working group for inclusive finance and
     rural revitalization held regular working meetings to coordinate and promote
     business development. The Bank continuously consolidated the support of
     specialized institutional mechanisms. It further improved the mechanism with
     “six unifications by the Head Office and four concentrations at branches”18 at
     its core, moved faster to promote the building of direct operation teams, full-
     time customer managers, product managers and professional review & approval
     personnel.

     The Bank continued to improve its product and service system. During the reporting period, it refined the intelligent
     product development credit factories, and increased the proportion of key online products. In total, the Bank developed
     and improved over 20 “CITIC Easy Loan” online loan products including “Sci-tech e loan” and “Equipment e loan”.
     Meanwhile, it optimized mobile banking and other mobile service channels, established the “Inclusive Smart Marketing”
     zone to promote manufacturing loans, unsecured loans, first-time credit account service and loan renewal service without
     principal repayment.

     The Bank improved its risk prevention and control capability. During the reporting period, it improved review and
     approval standards, the post-lending early warning management and other risk management policies and processes,
     promoted the iteration of the intelligent risk control platform, enriched intelligent risk control rules, and strengthened
     internal control and compliance management such as loan payment control, capital flow monitoring and anti-money
     laundering. Following the market-oriented principle on a sound legal footing, the Bank postponed the repayment of
     principal and interest for enterprises with temporary difficulties.

     The Bank further strengthened policy resource support. During the reporting period, it implemented further fee reductions,
     lowering the interest of inclusive MSE loans for the fourth quarter of 2022 by 1 percentage point (annualized). Relevant
     inclusive financial indicators were incorporated into the comprehensive performance evaluation for branches, accounting
     for 10% or more of the evaluation. Furthermore, the Bank defined risk tolerance requirements, optimized the process to
     ensure no one who has fulfilled their duties shall be held liable, and set special-purpose rewards, fees and subsidies to fully
     motivate branch institutions.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to micro and small enterprises19 stood at RMB1,248.199 billion,
     an increase of RMB264.135 billion over the end of the previous year; the number of customers with outstanding loans was
     243.1 thousand, an increase of 51.6 thousand accounts from the end of the previous year. The balance of inclusive finance
     loans to micro and small enterprises20 reached RMB445.992 billion, an increase of RMB79.125 billion over the end of the
     previous year, representing a growth of 16.10 percentage points faster than that of other loans; the number of customers
     with outstanding loans was 229.9 thousand, an increase of 48.2 thousand from the end of the previous year. The asset
     quality remained at a sound level, with an NPL ratio lower than the average NPL ratio of the Bank. The overall cost of
     financing from the Bank including loan interest for micro and small enterprises dropped steadily.



     18	“Six unifications by the Head Office” mean unification of “regulations, procedures, products, systems, risks and brands” of inclusive finance by the Head Office; “four
         concentrations at branches” means setting up an operation management platform that concentrates “review, approval, loan issuance and post-lending service” at
         branches’ inclusive finance departments.
     19	Refer to the loans for small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and micro and small business owners.
     20	Refer to the loans for small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and micro and small business owners with the total single-account credit amount
         of RMB10 million or below. According to the Notice on Further Promoting the High-Quality Development of Financial Services for Micro and Small Enterprises in
         2021 (CBIRC General Office Notice [2021] No. 49), since 2021, the balance and account number of inclusive finance loans shall exclude data on discounted
         bills and rediscounting business.




62   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.7.1.2 Businesses and Products
Investment Banking
Closely following the Bank’s new three-year development plan, the investment banking business of the Bank strengthened
Group-wide finance and finance cooperation, industry and finance cooperation, and fully integrated into the unified
management of customers by focusing on the two themes of “value creation” and “product leadership”. Upholding the
customer-centric, product-driven and win-win principles, it was committed to becoming an integrated financial service
provider across four financial markets, namely debt capital, equity capital, traditional credit and non-standard financing.

The Bank actively implemented national strategies in its investment banking business, insisted serving the real economy,
supported key areas of economic transformation, and enhanced business advantages of “financing + intelligence”, giving
rise to the continuous and rapid development of all businesses. During the reporting period, the Bank successfully issued
the first entity technological innovation notes and the first use-based technological innovation notes, with an accumulative
underwriting amount of RMB19.310 billion, channeling funds from the bond market to support core fields in line with the
national strategy. Following the national policy orientation, the Bank provided RMB16.600 billion medium and long-term
manufacturing loans through syndicated loans, M&A financing etc., and invested a total of RMB37.300 billion in green
finance, strategic emerging industries and rural revitalization projects. It proactively implemented regulatory requirements,
and provided comprehensive investment banking services to ease difficulties of the real estate sector. A total of RMB56.331
billion was invested in the real estate sector through syndicated loans and M&A financing, which effectively satisfied the
reasonable financing needs of real estate companies.

During the reporting period, the Bank achieved income of RMB7.429 billion from its investment banking business and
financing of RMB1,208.500 billion. It underwrote RMB739.340 billion of debt financing instruments, ranking first in the
market.21 During the reporting period, the Bank won the “Gamma Award for Investment Banking as A Boutique Bank”
and “Gamma Award for Outstanding Bond Underwriting” by Securities Times, the “Best Underwriter of Interbank Debt
Financing Instruments”, “Best Underwriter Award for Unsecured Bonds” and the “Best Underwriter” by Wind Info.

International Business
The Bank’s international business pursued high-quality and
sustainable development, fully implemented national strategies,
upheld the customer-centric service philosophy, promoted green,
light and digital development, and achieved favorable progress in
all respects.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s international business
focused on cross-border treasury business, created a full-
chain product system of “settlement + trading + financing +
intelligence”, and developed a cross-border treasury service system.
It promoted the digitalization of the international business in all
respects, the amount of foreign exchange collection and settlement
for small and medium-sized customers on cross-border e-commerce
platforms exceeded USD18.343 billion, and the number of small
and medium-sized export customers served totaled 72.9 thousand.
The Bank strengthened the building of the “Foreign Exchange
Manager” brand and the “Foreign Exchange Trading” platform
for foreign exchange fund transactions, and launched the first
RMB to foreign exchange American options and Asian options in
China. It stepped up efforts to serve the real economy, optimized
the product process to improve review & approval efficiency,
and implemented differentiated authorization for international
business customers in some industries. The Bank explored the L/
C business scenarios, and vigorously developed gas, oil, heating
and other scenarios on the basis of electricity fee payment and
financing business. It innovated the SME trade financing models
and issued the CITIC Credit Approval Scheme for Credit Point
Services for Export-oriented Enterprises.

21	Ranking based on Wind Info data.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     63
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     During the reporting period, the Bank’s forex receipts and payments for international balance of payments registered
     USD400.824 billion, a year-on-year increase of 17.58%; and its forex purchase and sale recorded USD203.826 billion, a
     year-on-year increase of 5.67%.

     Transaction Banking Business
     Taking transaction banking business as an important pillar for transforming its
     corporate banking services, the Bank vigorously developed transaction banking
     business, and built the “Transaction+2.0” transaction banking ecosystem
     based on “Chain Ecosystem, Finance Ecosystem and e Ecosystem”. Through
     innovation of its financial service models, the Bank provided enterprises with
     comprehensive “digital and intelligent” financial services.

     The “Chain Ecosystem” is the supply chain ecosystem with the “asset pool” of
     enterprises as the core, making full use of the supply chain financial products
     such as the Credit e Chain, Credit e Purchase, Credit e Sales and Credit
     Guarantee to integrate the products, assets and entities on the entire chain.
     Through product lineup and flexible combination, it provides convenient
     services such as maturity mismatch, interest rate conversion, credit enhancement
     and liquidation of assets, so as to satisfy customers’ capital needs in
     procurement, sales, warehousing etc., and help enterprises stabilize, strengthen
     and reinforce the chain. During the reporting period, the Bank’s supply chain
     financing reached RMB781.587 billion, up by 44.55% year on year.

     The “Finance Ecosystem” takes the intelligent treasurer at the core and the
     “account system” as the cornerstone to create an efficient and fast collection
     & payment system, and launched the CITIC Tianyuan Treasurer, the first
     of its kind in the industry, including 12 business centers, 70 modules and
     875 business function points, so as to meet the enterprises’ needs for lifecycle
     integrated management of treasury business, and help enterprises achieve
     more refined, intensive and intelligent financial management. Focusing on the four scenarios of “collection, payment,
     management and financing”, the Bank expanded the settlement scenarios, including the “Supervision Assistant”, a new
     model for batch supervision and platform supervision; “Nong Xin Tong”, the payment service to pay wages to rural
     migrant workers; and “Pin Duo Bao”, a payment and settlement product. With such efforts, the Bank effectively satisfied
     the diversified customer demands for fund supervision, convenient settlement and appreciation of capital value, and
     facilitated the positive circulation of the internal ecosystem.

     The “e Ecosystem” is focused on “customer experience”. The Bank integrated the “financial and non-financial” resources of
     eco-partners to improve its service capability in all channels, all customer groups, all services and all experiences, providing
     enterprises with more open, inter-connected, refined, intelligent and comprehensive online financial services. During
     the reporting period, the Bank launched Smart Online Banking 4.0 to serve customers with a new look. To improve
     the supporting financial services for transactions, reconciliation and bookkeeping, the Bank launched the WeChat Mini
     Program “Enterprise Wallet” to promote the connection between customer business, financial transaction and reconciliation
     processes.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 961.1 thousand accounts of customers in transaction banking,
     a growth of 14.88% over the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Bank registered trade finance
     of RMB1,210.785 billion, up by 31.58% year on year. It also completed 200,221.4 thousand deals of transaction
     banking worth RMB152.87 trillion, up by 0.76% and 13.87% year on year respectively. The Bank’s ecosystem brand
     “Transaction+2.0” won the Most Trustworthy Financial Service Providers by Trade & Economic Enterprises in China – “Best
     Transaction Bank Brand” award; and the product “Supervision Assistant” was conferred the 2022 China Financial Service
     Innovation Award – “Top 10 Transaction Banks” by The Chinese Banker.




64   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




Auto Finance Business
During the reporting period, the Bank’s auto finance business continued to lead the market, evolving from 1.0 “Chain
Finance” to the new chapter of 2.0 “Auto Ecosystem”. In the era of 1.0 “Chain Finance”, the Bank focused on the supply
chain of the auto industry with the manufacturers at the core, and tapped upstream and downstream resources to gain first-
mover advantages. In the era of 2.0 “Auto Ecosystem”, the Bank will develop three main scenarios of “auto manufacturing”,
“auto circulation” and “auto life”, and will adopt a step-by-step approach to embrace the “Auto Ecosystem”, i.e. from the
main industrial chain to extension at each level.

The Bank supported all online service scenarios, so as to meet the customer demand for all-round financial services from
signing, financing, lending, redemption and delivery to vehicle management. Through bank-enterprise direct connection
service, the Bank realized online real-time interaction with mainstream manufacturers in respect of capital flow, logistics
and information flow. Through exclusive client end, all auto finance businesses for dealers are handled online, with the
automatic lending rate exceeding 70%.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s auto finance business reached 8,644 auto business customers, up by 1,956
over the prior year-end. The balance of outstanding financing was RMB187.392 billion, up by RMB27.233 billion over
the prior year-end. During the reporting period, loans of RMB608.964 billion were granted, representing a year-on-year
growth of 38.39%, outperforming the market. The overdue advance ratio stood at 0.07%, indicating sound asset quality.
The Bank’s auto finance business won the honor of “Best Bank for Auto Financial Services” in the selection of “China
Auto Golden Engine Awards” by 21st Century Business Herald for the ninth consecutive year.

Asset Custody Business
Holding fast to the philosophy of “value-added custody business”,
the Bank deepened business coordination within the Group,
intensified the move of bringing assets generated from internal
resources under custody, spared no efforts in the development
of the custody business, deepened customer management, and
sped up technology empowerment. Specifically, it provided asset
management agencies and corporate customers with basic custody
services and value-added services from the perspectives of capital,
product management and investment.

The Bank enhanced the promotion of asset management
businesses such as mutual funds, annuity and cross-border custody. During the reporting period, the asset management
products under custody increased by RMB1.55 trillion, ranking 1st22 in the market.

During the reporting period, the Bank had 73 new mutual funds under custody with a total initial amount under custody
of RMB92.351 billion, representing a market share of 6.03%. The mutual funds under custody amounted to RMB1.96
trillion, ranking 2nd23 among joint-stock commercial banks. Through strategic synergic cooperation with CITIC Group,
the Bank further improved its customer services. The Bank was recognized as “2022 Top Custodian Bank for Growth
Funds” of the China mutual funds “Yinghua” awards. The annuity business maintained steady growth. The Bank won the
qualifications of the custody bank of central government agencies and public institutions and 31 provincial, regional and
municipal occupational annuities. The custody of enterprise annuities amounted RMB136.386 billion, ranking second
among joint-stock commercial banks24.




22	The ranking is based on the latest data released by China Banking Association.
23	The ranking is based on the latest data released by China Banking Association.
24	According to the data released by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report    65
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The Bank achieved rapid development in its cross-border business. The custody scale of QDII cross-border products
     reached RMB135.744 billion, and the performance indicators of southbound trading under the Bond Connect program
     ranked first among the three custodian and clearing banks, with partners including all the three types of investors in the
     southbound trading, namely, primary dealers of banks, securities traders and QDII/RQDII. The Bank won the first place
     in the 2022 Cross-border Innovative Service Award of the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center.

     During the reporting period, the Bank recorded RMB3.511 billion of income from custody business, and as at the end of
     the reporting period, the Bank’s AUM exceeded the milestone of RMB13 trillion for the first time, reaching RMB13.37
     trillion, an increase of RMB2,009.796 billion from the end of last year. The custody accounts continued to beef up deposit
     growth, recording an average daily balance of deposits of RMB345.672 billion during the reporting period, of which the
     average daily balance of general corporate deposits on the custody accounts was RMB90.900 billion. The Bank was awarded
     the “Best Joint-stock Custodian Bank” for its asset custody business by The Asian Banker.


     2.7.1.3 Risk Management
     The Bank followed the “customer-centric” philosophy in its corporate banking business line. Pursuing the theme of
     boosting high-quality development and striving towards the overall goal of “better structure, distinctive characteristics,
     consolidated foundation and enhanced earnings”, it actively served the real economy, enhanced the capability of
     comprehensive customer management, improved the unified credit system of the Group, focused on strengthening customer
     limit management, prevented credit concentration risk, and hence achieved high-quality development of its corporate
     banking business.

     In terms of customers, following the overall principle of “strict admission and further exploration”, the Bank explored the
     all-round value of strategic customers. It conducted in-depth management on its key institutional customers, and continued
     to enhance the brand image of government financial services. It also actively expanded the medium, small and micro
     enterprise customers centering on core channels.

     In terms of regions, the Bank promoted the high-quality development along the Belt and Road, coordinated the
     development of the western, northeastern, central and eastern sectors with the coordinated development of the Beijing-
     Tianjin-Hebei region, the development of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and the integrated
     development in the Yangtze River Delta as the lead, the development of the Yangtze Economic Belt and protection and
     high-quality development in the Yellow River basin as the support, and major agricultural production areas and important
     ecological function areas as the guarantee, to accelerate the formation of a regional economic picture of complementary and
     high-quality development.

     In terms of industries, following national policies, the Bank continued to provide financial services to the real economy,
     actively adapted to the new direction and seized new business areas. It continued to increase credit support for green
     finance, strategic emerging industries, high-tech industries, rural revitalization and manufacturing. It actively provided
     financial services for infrastructure construction, real estate, energy supply and other areas. Focusing on new economy and
     new business patterns, the Bank intensified efforts in expanding customers from new energy chain, high-tech chain, and
     enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique, novel products.

     In terms of businesses, the Bank actively endeavored to build a “value inclusive” system, and continuously facilitated the
     high-quality development of inclusive business. It strengthened its support for the industrial chain and supply chain and
     made every effort to build a supply chain ecosystem centered on the asset pool. It improved the value contribution of
     international business and provided cross-border financing services for enterprises. It also accelerated the development of
     capital market business and provided customers with comprehensive financing services.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of corporate loans (excluding discounted bills) posted
     RMB2,299.396 billion, an increase of RMB169.137 billion over the end of the previous year; and its NPL ratio was 1.71%,
     down by 0.42 percentage point over the prior year-end. The Bank’s corporate loan asset quality remained overall stable.




66   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.7.2 Retail Banking
The Bank aligned with market development trends. Adhering to the                     Net operating income of
operation logic of retail banking, the Bank enlarged customer base,                  retail banking business
strengthened product drive, optimized channel potential, improved
                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
service experience, and provided customers with comprehensive “financial
and non-financial” services.                                                                         2.72%
                                                                                                         823.59
                                                                                           801.77
During the reporting period, the Bank’s retail banking business
registered net operating income of RMB82.359 billion, up by 2.72%
from the previous year, representing 41.64% of its net operating
income. Net non-interest income from retail banking recorded
RMB23.342 billion, up by 4.34% from the previous year, accounting
for 42.33% of the Bank’s net non-interest income, down by 2.31
percentage points from the previous year.

2.7.2.1 Customer Management
The Bank continued to enhance its customer acquisition and
management capabilities, improved retail customer management system
and achieved constant growth in the number of retail customers.
                                                                                           2021          2022
In terms of stratified management of customers, the Bank deepened
such management system to realize value addition from ordinary basic customers, wealthy customers and VIP customers
to private banking customers relying on all-channel advantages of “offline outlets + online mobile App” with professional
capabilities in stratified services. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 127 million accounts of retail
customers, a growth of 6.31% over the end of the previous year.

For ordinary and base customers, the Bank made full use of online channels, and integrated online management, remote
assistant and AI marketing to achieve vertical and intensive customer management for improved efficiency. As at the end of
the reporting period, the number of the Bank’s ordinary and base customers reached 15,767.0 thousand, an increase of 6.32%
compared with the prior year-end.

For wealthy and VIP customers, the Bank promoted the iron triangle model of “wealth advisor + remote assistant +
wealth manager” to empower wealth managers and reduce their burdens, and increase the operating income from affluent
customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of the Bank’s wealthy and VIP customers reached 3,971.8
thousand, an increase of 10.86% compared with the prior year-end.

For private banking customers, the Bank established a multi-strategy and full-category product system based on asset
allocation, and a three-in-one specialized team of “private banking customer managers + investment advisors + product
managers”. It improved the private banking customer management and service system based on the “Yao Zuan Companion
Plan”, and relied on diversified scenario-based customer acquisition channels such as the corporate-private banking linkage
brand “Cloud Enterprise Club” and the financial service for going abroad “Youth Travel” to unleash customer acquisition
capacity, achieving steady growth in the number of customers and AUM. As at the end of the reporting period, the number
of private banking customers reached 66.8 thousand, an increase of 10.81% over the end of the previous year. During the
reporting period, the monthly average daily balance of AUM (based on the statistics of the Bank) reached RMB948.597
billion, up by 13.04% year on year.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report   67
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     In terms of grouped management of customers, the Bank provided comprehensive
     financial and non-financial services relying on ecological scenarios to key customer
     groups such as going abroad customers25, senior customers26 and business travel
     customers, strengthening the brand image of a retail bank “with a human touch”.

     For the going abroad finance customers, the Bank upgraded the benefits system
     for going abroad finance and developed the “Going Abroad Finance EasyGo”
     membership system, with differentiated benefits for ordinary members, cardholders
     and VIP members. For tourists, the Bank improved visa services by launching the
     Ruyi Visa, visa center value-added services and other benefits. For students studying
     abroad, the Bank issued the 2022 Blue Book for Studying Abroad to provide analysis
     of the latest trend of studying abroad and guidance on study programs. As at the
     end of the reporting period, the number of the Bank’s going abroad customers
     reached 9,608.0 thousand, an increase of 10.36% compared with the prior year-end.

     For senior customers, the Bank further enriched the content of services and
     improved the quality of services. It combined the “Happiness Special Line” and
     “Platinum Advisor” services, launched the “Happiness + Companion” platform and
     upgraded the “Happiness + Club” online service platform. During the reporting
     period, the Bank cooperated with China Association of the Universities for the
     Aged to organize the featured event “Happy Home • Mamas & Papas Talent
     Competition” for senior customers, facilitating the acquisition and management of
     high-quality senior customers, and further expanding the influence of the Bank’s
     “Happiness + with a human touch” brand. As at the end of the reporting period,
     the number of the Bank’s senior customers reached 20.9295 million, an increase of
     11.04% compared with the prior year-end.

     Regarding business travel customers, the Bank continued to expand the “business
     travel +” ecosystem. It launched the “CITIC Marriott Co-branded Credit Card”,
     and upgraded the “CITIC Cathay Pacific Co-branded Credit Card” based on the
     recovery of travel demands to provide high-quality travel experience to customers,
     which consolidated the Bank’s leading position in the business travel customer
     system in the industry. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of
     effective business travel customers recorded 15,771.0 thousand.

     2.7.2.2 Businesses and Products
     Wealth Management Business
     The Bank strengthened customer relationships and expanded its wealth management business in response to market changes
     and in line with customer needs.

     In terms of retail wealth management, the Bank actively implemented the new regulations on asset management, sped up
     the transformation towards net asset value (NAV) products, and expanded the partnership with head institution partners to
     provide customers with selected products. During the reporting period, the Bank entered into agency sales cooperation with
     ten leading wealth management companies, with agency sales of products of wealth management companies accounting for
     10.23% of the total, up by 5.41 percentage points over the beginning of the year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
     balance of retail wealth management products recorded RMB1.19 trillion, up by 7.27% from the end of last year.




     25	Refers to customer group that has handled going abroad financial business.
     26	Refers to the customer group aged over 50 (inclusive).




68   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of agency fund sale, the Bank closely followed market changes. With customer profitability as the starting point,
the Bank leveraged opportunities when market valuation was relatively low, allocated customized equity fund for customers,
and planned for future growth opportunities. During the reporting period, the Bank launched 9 customized equity
products, each of which led among the similar products during the same period in the market in terms of funds raised. The
efficiency of online fund operation was greatly improved. Besides, the Bank fully upgraded the scenarios of fund channels
in mobile banking APP, and optimized customer experience. The MAU27 related to fund channels increased by 92.56% over
the previous year.

In terms of agency insurance, the Bank stepped up efforts in agency insurance sales. In response to the regulatory
requirements on “returning to the founding mission” transformation, the Bank continuously optimized its business
structure. During the reporting period, the cumulative agency sales of insurance products providing long-term protection
increased by 55.25% from the last year, leading the market in terms of growth rate.

In terms of deposit products, during the reporting period, the Bank streamlined and optimized the purchase process of
deposit products via mobile banking, personal online banking, etc., and provided the deposit product allocation option
on customer contact channels such as agency business and credit card business. Meanwhile, it continued to promote
scenario-based application of payment & settlement products, launching the “e Manager” security deposit business for the
performance guarantee scenario and the “ENN Natural Gas Card” business for the utilities payment scenario. It combined
scenario expansion with customer acquisition and accumulated settlement deposits. As at the end of the reporting period,
the Bank’s balance of personal loans recorded RMB1,159.276 billion, an increase of RMB291.253 billion or 33.55% from
the end of last year.

Ageing Finance Business
                                                           The Bank is one of the first commercial banks in China to launch exclusive
                                                           services for senior customers, and a strategic partner of China National
                                                           Committee on Ageing. During the reporting period, the Bank continuously
                                                           improved the “Happiness +” pension finance service system, and strengthened
                                                           its pension finance service capabilities supported by “six services”, namely,
                                                           “one account, one account book, one set of products, one set of services, one
                                                           team and one report”, so as to meet customers’ needs changing from a basic
                                                           “necessity” to a decent and quality “lifestyle”.

                                                           In terms of pension accounts, the Bank is among the first batch of qualified
                                                           banks to provide “the third pillar” pension, and officially launched personal
                                                           pension account opening services, product sales and other services on 25
                                                           November 2022. Through cooperation with CITIC Securities, China
                                                           Securities and China AMC on personal pension products, the Bank is able
                                                           to provide “all CITIC” services for personal pension customers. As at the
                                                           end of the reporting period, the Bank has 302.5 thousand personal pension
                                                           accounts, with an accumulated contribution of RMB508 million and an
                                                           average contribution amount of RMB1,678.65 per account.

                                           In terms of senior care account book, the Bank launched the innovative
                                           “Happiness +” senior care account book, and achieved a unified view of the
                                           three pillars of pension accounts through the integration of basic pension,
                                           enterprise/occupational annuities and personal pension. At the same time,
                                           the Bank provides customers with one-stop pension financial services such
                                           as pension fund asset allocation, electronic social security card and e-code
                                           for medical insurance, calculation system for pension planning, investor
education and accompanying services. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had a total of 1,112.7 thousand
“Happiness +” senior care account book.




27	Refers to the number of users who visit relevant pages of the fund channel.




                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report    69
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     In terms of pension products, the Bank sped up to improve the functions of the back-office system for pension wealth
     management, funds, insurance and savings products. As at the end of the reporting period, more than 120 pension financial
     products such as target pension funds and tax-deferred pension insurance had been launched, providing customers with
     high-quality and comprehensive pension finance services.

     In terms of elderly care services, the Bank upgraded the “Happiness +” service system for senior customers, which is based
     on the six service sectors including “Happiness + Wealth Management”, “Happiness + Health”, “Happiness + Privileges”,
     “Happiness + Education”, “Happiness + Accomplishment” and “Happiness + Heritage”, to satisfy the personal service needs
     of senior customers. Meanwhile, the Bank promoted the renovation of outlets and mobile banking for the convenience of
     senior citizens to improve their offline and online service experience.

     In terms of the aging finance team, the Bank worked with Tsinghua University to launch the first talent training program
     in the banking industry for pension finance planning, which involved 1,380 excellent front-line wealth managers, in a bid
     to provide customers with “financial + non-financial” lifecycle pension services and companionship, and advance the Bank’s
     capability in professional pension finance services.

     In terms of aging report, the Bank cooperated with China AMC to issue the Report on Development of Resident Pension
     and Wealth Management in China (2022). The report focused on the current situations of resident pension and wealth
     management and the supply of financial products and services, expounded the Bank’s business practice of pension wealth
     management, and charted the path forward and strategies for pre-retirement planning, retirement financial plan, services for
     the convenience of senior citizens and whole lifecycle pension wealth management, as reference for the future development
     of pension and wealth management business in the industry.

     Private Banking Business
     The Bank adhered to the business philosophy of integrated management of all customers, products and channels, focused
     on the customer segmentation under the new retail system, and accelerated the development of a specialized private banking
     system.

     During the reporting period, a specialized private banking service team was established to increase the comprehensive
     customer service capability. At the beginning of 2022, the Bank completed the staff augmentation plan. The number of
     full-time private banking customer managers was doubled over the prior year, and the average AUM per customer increased
     by RMB100 million. The Bank advanced the transformation toward the “buy-side investment advisory” service model,
     established an investment advisory team of over 200 professionals with AFP, CFP, and CPB certificates, who played a
     crucial role in the “1 + 1 + N”28 service team.

     The private banking customer management and service
     system was further improved, effectively unleashing
     customer acquisition capacity. During the reporting
     period, the Bank improved “Yao Zuan Companion
     Plan”, enriched the comprehensive service system
     featuring tiered and differentiated “financial + non-
     financial” services, and tapped the potential of existing
     customers based on the lifecycle of private banking
     customers. The Bank established a coordinated customer
     acquisition system, strengthened the corporate-private
     banking linkage brand “Cloud Enterprise Club”, and
     enhanced the financial service for going abroad “Youth
     Travel” to provide children’s education service with
     a human touch. As part of the coordinated marketing efforts, the “diamond team” and “infinite secretary” services were
     launched to enhance the brand value and unleash customer acquisition capacity.




     28	It refers to the marketing service model for private banking customers consisting of “private banking customer managers at sub-branches + investment advisors at
              branches + expert team at the Head Office”.




70   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                              The Bank promoted iteration of its private banking
                                                              products, and established a multi-strategy, full-category
                                                              product system to meet customer needs for asset allocation
                                                              service, and promoted the upgrading and reshaping of
                                                              the investment research system for major asset categories
                                                              from buy-side perspective. It continued to improve the
                                                              characteristic single hit products and services, released the
                                                              plan to upgrade the comprehensive family trust services for
                                                              “individuals, families, enterprises and society”, launched
                                                              the first charitable trust of the Bank, and developed core
                                                              competitiveness in innovative family trust instruments.
                                                              During the reporting period, the discretionary trust
products achieved steady progress. The balance of discretionary trust products reached RMB85.0 billion, with an annual
sales volume of RMB66.0 billion, up by 45% year on year, making the Bank highly recognized in the market. The balance
of family trust products amounted to RMB55.0 billion, with an annual sales volume of RMB13.0 billion, up by 30% year
on year.

The Bank continued to expand and optimize its private banking service channels. It empowered wealth management with
digital transformation, developed an open and ecosystem-based private banking service platform, and continued to improve
online service experience. At the same time, it further improved the localized offline service capabilities, accelerated the
establishment of localized private banking centers, and expanded the coverage of customer services. During the reporting
period, the Bank set up 17 new private banking centers and opened 170 private banking studios.

Personal Loan Business
                                                    Adhering to the concept of “Value Personal Loan” and the role of
                                                    personal loans as the “ballast stone” of the Bank’s asset business, the
                                                    Bank promoted the balanced development of three key products, namely,
                                                    personal housing loans, personal business loans and personal unsecured
                                                    loans in an orderly manner, to support the development of the real
                                                    economy and private economy and boost consumption upgrading.

                                                     In terms of personal housing loans, the Bank continued to adhere to
                                                     the positioning of “housing is for living, not for speculation”, introduced
                                                     differentiated housing credit policies in different cities, and actively
                                                     carried out commercial personal housing loans in support of rigid
                                                     and improvement housing demands. In terms of personal business
                                                     loans, the Bank continued to optimize product policies and supporting
                                                     functions, increased the supply of loans to micro and small enterprises,
                                                     strengthened and improved the financial service capacity for micro and
                                                     small enterprises, and continued to promote the establishment of a long-
                                                     effect financial service mechanism where micro and small enterprises
                                                     dare, are willing, can and know how to borrow from the Bank. In terms
                                                     of personal consumer loans, the Bank adhered to the development
                                                     principles of “independently-developed scenarios, risk control and
products” and continued to improve marketing capabilities on consumer loans. In addition to focusing on the premier main
customer groups, the Bank made continuous efforts to strengthen the integration of product innovation and application
scenarios, and expanded the upgrading and application of high-quality scenario products such as “auto loan” and “comfortable
housing”, to provide customers with a full range of convenient and efficient online self-service financing services.

During the reporting period, the Bank successfully launched the “Kunpeng System”, a new-generation personal
credit system. The system has realized the in-depth integration of high-quality business development and technology
empowerment, and is the industry’s leading comprehensive digital platform for retail asset business.

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal loans (excluding credit cards) of the Bank was RMB1,553.543
billion, an increase of RMB75.917 billion or 5.14% over the end of the previous year. The balance of commercial personal
housing loans reached RMB944.088 billion, an increase of RMB0.411 billion or 0.04% over the end of the previous year.




                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report     71
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Credit Card Business
     The Bank adopted the “new retail”
     development strategy for credit card
     business. Under the premise of compliant
     operation and risk prevention and control,
     the Bank gave full play to the role of
     credit card as a “connector” between
     the financial supply side and consumer
     demand side, and injected new impetus
     to unlock consumption potentials, so that
     the customers may gain a stronger sense
     of gain, happiness and security. With such
     efforts, the Bank is dedicated to creating a “credit card with a human touch” and delivering greater value for customers and
     society.

     The bank strengthened customer acquisition and management, and took multiple measures to encourage consumption.
     Based on customer segmentation and lifecycle management, the Bank boosted customer activity and transactions through
     key touchpoint management and enhance customer loyalty through the upgraded “99365”29 brand campaign. The Bank
     actively expanded business travel, internet, new energy vehicles and other scenarios, and issued the “CITIC Marriott Co-
     branded Credit Card”. It also deepened cooperation with platforms such as Alipay, Tenpay and JD.com., rolled out the first
     exclusive credit card “CITIC i Car Credit Card” and installment loans for car purchase by NEV owners, and established
     and improved the “U Car” platform in the Mobile Card Space APP. The Bank increased the penetration of installment
     payment services into diverse consumer groups, reaching a record high in the volume of installment payment business.
     The Bank developed more consumption scenarios such as home decoration and car purchase, and launched the “CITIC
     Bank Dream Card” to boost the growth in installment payment services. It refined its annual fee management strategy
     to consolidate its leading advantages in annual fee income, and deepened value-added services based on the membership
     business model to expand the intermediate income sources.

     The Bank continued to consolidate the digital intelligence system to
     improve its customer service and management capabilities. In terms
     of customer management, the Bank accelerated the establishment of
     a comprehensive customer management platform, which integrated
     the AI intelligent auxiliary technology and the operating model of
     “human-machine collaboration” to increase the efficiency of call center
     comprehensive services by more than 10%. In terms of marketing,
     the Bank relied on AI technology and customer engagement models
     to create portrait labels for all customers, and carried out personalized
     marketing activities based on 5G all-IP service platform, improving
     service and marketing efficiency by 20%. In terms of innovation, the
     Bank promoted the application of VR and AI technology, and built
     the immersive 3D venue “Mobile Card Meta Space” in the Mobile
     Card Space APP to provide a new smart-life experience for credit card
     users in the digital era.

     The Bank actively fulfilled its social responsibility in accordance
     with the development concept of “finance for the people”. In order
     to promote innovation in green finance, the Bank launched “CITIC
     Carbon Account”, the first carbon emissions reduction account for
     personal users in the industry, which, based on the CITIC Mobile
     Banking APP and the Mobile Card Space APP, introduces the concept
     of green and low-carbon development into the life of consumers. As
     at the end of the reporting period, the Bank opened 681.0 thousand “CITIC Carbon Accounts”, and the total emission
     reduction amount reached 536.52 tons. The Bank facilitated rural revitalization with education, issued the “CITIC Bank
     Public Welfare Credit Card”, upgraded the “Aixin Account 3.0”, and donated 200 “Dream Center” multimedia classrooms
     and relevant courses to schools in 28 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across the country through the “Ai
     Xin Hui” public welfare platform.




     29	Refers to “RMB0.09 Movie Ticket Privilege” “RMB0.09 Exchange Privilege” and “Wonderful 365”.




72   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank issued cumulatively 106.6029 million credit cards, an increase of 5.21%
over the end of the previous year, and recorded RMB510.467 billion balance of credit card loans. During the reporting
period, the Bank’s credit card transaction volume stood at RMB2,792.263 billion, an increase of 0.44% year on year; it
realized RMB59.823 billion income from credit card business, an increase of 1.18% year on year.

Payroll Service Business
The Bank strategically pushed forward payroll service through deep coordination between retail and corporate banking.
Based on the management strategy of corporate customers, it continued to increase the corporate customers covered by
the payroll business. The Bank took the payroll scenario as the core, provided access to other scenarios such as the “Smart
Personnel” and “One Key Tax Declaration”, and developed the “Easy Salary” open agency payroll platform into an
essential toolkit for the digital transformation of the personnel and finance departments of enterprises. At the same time,
the Bank integrated quality resources, enriched the products of payroll business, and optimized the customer experience. It
provided offline “Happy Trade Union” services to enterprises, established the online community for payroll customers, thus
enhancing the satisfaction of both enterprises and employees.

2.7.2.3 Risk Management
During the reporting period, in accordance with the strategic goal of “expanding retail banking business and continuously
unleashing value contribution”, the Bank increased personal loan extension, improved service quality, and continuously
enhanced refined risk management with the goal of preventing and defusing risks and supporting business development in
its retail banking business.

Risk Management of Personal Loans
Relying on the new personal loan system, the Bank continued to improve its risk systems and mechanisms, pushed
forward the digital transformation of personal loan business in an all-round manner, and built the capacity for sustainable
development.

In the pre-lending process, the Bank continued to optimize channel management and deepened differentiated
management strategies for business access. It implemented the closed-loop lifecycle management over cooperation channels
in the aspects of front office marketing, channel access, continuous evaluation, channel exit and so on. It amended and
improved differentiated acceptance standards for personal loan products considering economic activity in different regions
and risk management capabilities. During the lending process, the Bank continued to strengthen the identification,
monitoring and management of credit risk and fraud risk, and continuously improved its centralized operation model. It
sped up the building of an intelligent risk control system, and completed the unified credit strategy system for personal
online unsecured loans and the star rating system for personal loan customers. Meanwhile, the Bank improved quantitative
its risk monitoring and review system, monitored and analyzed risks for products, regions and cooperation channels, and
continuously optimized the closed-loop operation mechanism for the development, monitoring, analysis and iteration
of models and strategies. The Bank completed the establishment of the Head Office-level approval operation support
platform, realized normalized, standardized and refined management of each link and between links, and demonstrated
the effectiveness of the centralized approval operation system. In the post-lending process, the Bank reinforced the post-
lending control and improved the risk early warning mechanism. By creating an intelligent risk control and post-lending
early warning platform, the Bank fully applied internal and external data, continuously enriched risk monitoring and
early warning rules, covering compliance risk, credit risk and fraud risk, and continuously upgraded the risk early warning
management system for personal loans.

In the face of adverse factors such as the continued impact of the risk exposures in the real estate market, the Bank actively
responded with multiple measures, and maintained the overall quality of individual loan assets at a reasonable level. As at
the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s non-performing balance of personal loans (excluding credit card loans) recorded
RMB11.104 billion, an increase of RMB1.335 billion from the end of the previous year. The NPL ratio was 0.71%, up by 0.05
percentage points from the end of the previous year.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     73
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Risk Management of Credit Card Business
     The Bank adhered to the whole-process risk management concept for its credit card business, continued to strengthen
     the risk management system, enhanced the ability to make accurate decisions through agile iteration of risk models,
     strengthened the optimal allocation of credit resources, and optimized the customer groups and asset structure.

     The Bank relied on new technology to enhance data mining and risk identification capabilities, and promoted the iteration
     of risk models to enhance the identification of customer risks. It constantly optimized customer and asset structures, and
     improved the targeted credit granting capability based on the customer segmentation system. In order to reinforce control
     over fund use and fraud risk prevention, the Bank promoted the joint prevention and control of gambling and fraud
     operations, and effectively identified, resolved and prevented credit card risks to promote the healthy development of
     credit card business. Greater efforts were made to dispose of non-performing assets (NPA) with a focus on the recovery of
     substantial NPAs, thus enhancing the effect of NPA disposal.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded RMB10.520 billion in the balance of non-performing credit card
     loans, an increase of RMB870 million from the end of the previous year. The NPL ratio was 2.06%, up by 0.23 percentage
     points from the end of the previous year. The quality of credit card assets remained stable overall.

     2.7.3 Financial Market Business
     In the face of such challenges as drastic fluctuations in the exchange and interest rate markets, continuous downward
     movement of returns on various assets and continued exposure of market credit risk, the financial market segment of the
     Bank closely followed the national policy direction and actively fulfilled its social responsibility. Guided by the “342 Action
     Plan for Developing Core Business Capabilities”, it steadily improved business performance through such measures as more
     solid market research and analysis, optimized asset and liability structure, improved trading ability and further integrated
     business management for interbank customers.

     During the reporting period, the Bank’s financial market business recorded a net operating income of RMB25.382 billion,
     an increase of 20.95% over the last year, representing a 12.83% in the Bank’s total net operating income. Of this income
     figure, non-interest net income from financial market business recorded RMB18.464 billion, an increase of 40.43% over
     the last year, accounting for 33.48% of the Bank’s total net non-interest income, up by 7.25 percentage points from the
     previous year.

     2.7.3.1 Customer Management
     During the reporting period, on the basis of region-specific, stratified             Non-interest net income of
     and classified customer management, the Bank explored to build a                     financial market business
     matrix sales model of product centers, customer teams and the Head
     Office and branches, and upgraded the integrated and in-depth                   Unit: RMB100 million

     management system for interbank customers, so as to effectively boost
     the collaboration across the Group and the development of the Bank’s                               40.43%
     core business capabilities. The Bank gave full play to synergy across
     CITIC Group, exported its expertise in investment and trading in the                                      184.64
     financial market segment, built the network operation ecosystem of
     securities funds, factor market and city and rural commercial banks,
     and developed its differentiated competitive advantages in the financial                     131.48
     market.

     2.7.3.2 Businesses and Products
     Financial Interbank Business
     During the reporting period, the financial interbank business of the
     Bank made a great effort to overcome obstacles such as the increased
     downward economic pressure and intense competition among peers.
                                                                                                 2021          2022
     It optimized the investment strategy, deepened customer management
     and adjusted business structure while strictly controlling market risk, resulting in a trended-up operating results.




74   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank intensified efforts in serving the real
economy, and its volume of bill discounting business reached RMB1,397.249
billion. It served 14,331 corporate banking customers, of which 9,634 or 67.22%
were micro and small enterprises. The daily average balance of bill rediscounting
reached RMB56.576 billion, representing an increase of 39.78% compared with
the previous year, and thereby channeled low-cost funds to the real economy. As at
the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s bill assets amounted to
RMB512.130 billion, up by 9.84% from last year-end.

With the “interbank +” platform, the Bank enhanced the integrated management
of interbank customers, and improved its customer service capability driven by
technology and data. During the reporting period, the online business volume
exceeded the threshold of RMB1 trillion to reach RMB1,074.895 billion, an increase
of RMB419.827 billion or 64.09% over the previous year. The platform supports
up to 12 categories of online transactions, and has become an important carrier for
interbank customer management, group collaboration and online-offline business
integration. Meanwhile, the Bank strengthened technological empowerment. It
developed a management information platform for interbank business to achieve
digital, online, mobile and refined business management and higher business efficiency. The Bank leveraged its advantages
in technology to improve the system-based risk prevention and control capability for interbank business, effectively
preventing operational risk and moral risk.

Financial Market Business
During the reporting period, the Bank’s financial market business applied the asset light development philosophy, persisted
in improving quality and efficiency, gave play to its professional advantages, improved trading ability and profitability, and
continued to promote the transformation and sustainable development of the financial market business.

Regarding forex business, the Bank actively fulfilled its market maker’s responsibilities, kept innovating businesses and
products, and helped enterprises prevent exchange rate risk. During the reporting period, the Bank continuously provided
liquidity to the interbank forex market. Its market making volume recorded USD2,251.177 billion, maintaining at the front
of the market. Adhering to the mission of serving the real economy, the Bank guided customers to establish the exchange
rate risk neutrality concept. It continued to strengthen capability building in serving the real economy in exchange risk
management, enriched relevant product system, conducted the first domestic American and Asian RMB foreign exchange
options business on behalf of customers, and provided customers with flexible exchange rate risk management solutions that
are compatible with their risk tolerance.

Regarding bond business, the Bank implemented a Bank-wide assets/liabilities arrangement, adhered to the principle
that financial institutions should serve the real economy, provided customers with comprehensive financing services, and
actively participated in bond investment. As an underwriting agent of government bonds, the Bank effectively fulfilled its
responsibility in the underwriting, investment and trading of government bonds, leading the market in the proportion of
government bonds underwritten during the reporting period. Giving full play to the role of serving the real economy, the
Bank facilitated local governments to secure steady investment and expand domestic demand. It increased investment in
local government bonds, assisted customers in green bond financing, carried out market-making quotations such as bilateral
quotations and requests for green bonds and rural revitalization bonds, and provided pricing benchmark and liquidity
support for the market. In response to the RMB internationalization, the Bank actively implemented the interconnectivity
mechanism to facilitate the high-quality opening-up of the bond market. To implement its “capital-light transformation”
strategy, the Bank optimized the asset structure, embraced the philosophy of business circulation, strengthened specialized
asset management, carried out in-depth research and forecast of market trends, enhanced the ability to grasp market
opportunities, enriched business models and investment strategies, and improved the return on investment step by step.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     75
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Regarding money market business, the Bank vigorously conducted treasury transactions such as bond repurchase and
     interbank lending, and actively met the short-term financing needs of non-banking financial institutions, small and
     medium commercial banks, etc. It expanded the scope of counterparties in an orderly manner, implemented the interbank
     customer integration strategy, proactively participated in the innovation and development of market trading mechanisms,
     and continued to expand diversified financing channels, thus further cementing its position as a core market trader in
     the money market. During the reporting period, the Bank recorded RMB28.14 trillion in the trading volume of RMB
     money market business, up by 12.98% year on year. The amount of RMB interbank certificates of deposit issued reached
     RMB762.630 billion.

     As for precious metal business, the Bank supported the gold demand of brick and mortar companies along the industry
     chain, and provided customers with specialized precious metal leasing and warehouse receipt trading services, achieving a
     steady growth in the volume of gold leasing service. It actively fulfilled its responsibilities as a gold inquiry market maker,
     and continued to provide liquidity for the market, further expanding the scope of market-making service for precious
     metals. The Bank closely followed market trends, strengthened the band operation of arbitrage trades, and adopted
     diversified trading strategies to carry out gold import business. During the reporting period, the Bank was qualified as one
     of the first gold market makers on the international board of Shanghai Gold Exchange, ranking among the leading gold
     inquiry market makers.

     Asset Management Business
     Upholding the customer-centric philosophy and focusing on stable fixed-income products, the Bank’s asset management
     business actively developed medium and long-term fixed-income plus products to serve the diverse investment needs of
     residents. Leveraging comprehensive financial service resources with CITIC Group’s full range of financial licenses and
     advantages in diversified industries, the Bank gave full play to collaborative advantages, improved the Head Office-branch
     coordination mechanism, and enhanced its product creation capabilities. It established an around-the-clock product system
     covering the whole market, all assets and all channels, providing customers with rich wealth management instruments and
     comprehensive financial services.

     During the reporting period, due to the big increase in new products, the Bank realized income of RMB7.790 billion from
     wealth management business, up by 13.19% over last year.

     2.7.3.3 Risk Management
     Financial Market Business
     The Bank continuously tracked macroeconomic situations both in and outside of China, and analyzed in depth the
     monetary, fiscal and industry policy trends. To adapt to the changing conditions in the financial market, it established and
     improved the multi-tier and multi-dimensional credit rating system, refined the post-lending monitoring, early warning,
     resolution and other management mechanisms, and strengthened risk prevention and control of unsecured bonds. During
     the reporting period, the Bank’s investment in bonds enjoyed excellent credit qualifications.

     Asset Management Business
     During the reporting period, the Bank optimized the comprehensive risk management model for wealth management
     business, and further improved the risk management system. In terms of business, through the development of a
     compliance inspection mechanism, regular re-inspection of work process, streamlining of job responsibilities and online
     monitoring of public opinions, the Bank established an effective internal control mechanism, keep reasonable control of
     compliance risk, operational risk and reputational risk, and avoided any relevant damages caused by such risks to the Bank’s
     interest. In terms of products, the Bank reasonably controlled liquidity risk in the course of product operation through
     stress test and assessment, and analysis of product and asset structures. It maintained systematic rigid control over all types
     of risk limits through the ex ante and interim monitoring of risk limits. It also improved the risk evaluation standards
     for wealth management products, and enhanced investor appropriateness management to ensure that the operation of
     wealth management products is in line with the requirements in the product manual. In terms of assets, the Bank placed
     importance on market risk and credit risk. On the one hand, it closely monitored market changes, and used relevant
     tools such as scenario analysis for effective market risk management. On the other hand, it strengthened lifecycle asset
     management and maintained reasonable control of credit risk through ex ante investigation, interim review and ex post
     inspection. Based on effective pre-judgment of asset-related risks, the Bank issued alerts on the impact of relevant risks on
     the net value of wealth management products.




76   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.7.4 Distribution Channels
2.7.4.1. Online Channels
China CITIC Bank APP
During the reporting period, the Bank focused on the wealth
management business and upgraded the China CITIC Bank APP 9.0
to support the refined, stratified and classified management of retail
customers, providing personalized and exclusive user experience. It
cooperated with partners to develop an open wealth ecosystem, and
introduced several fund companies, wealth management subsidiaries
and CITIC aiBank to the open wealth platform “Xing Fu Hao”,
which provided full-process intelligent wealth management and
companion service to more than 0.36 billion users.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 32.7473
million APP online monthly active accounts (MAUs)30. During
the reporting period, the Bank realized transaction amount of
RMB12.74 trillion, an increase of 6.99% year on year.

Remote Customer Service
The Bank moved faster to upgrade the operating capacity of
its remote customer services. It strengthened the output of AI
capabilities, promoted the application of text-based chatbots and
robo dialers, launched intelligent quality inspection and APP
breakpoint services, and empowered the remote call center services. Furthermore, it improved the service center scripts
to enhance customer experience, thus increasing the contribution of remote customer services to productivity through
precision marketing. During the reporting period, the Bank’s outbound call service covered 10,675.5 thousand customers,
up by 30.24% year on year.

WeChat Account
The Bank promoted the application of the WeChat Account to strengthen long-term relationship with the customers. As
at the end of the reporting period, the number of its WeChat Account followers exceeded 5 million to 5.2845 million, up
by 74.07% year on year. Through the WeChat Official Account, the Bank established effective contacts with customers,
achieving a gradual increase of annual average daily balance of AUM with an average increase of RMB88.1 thousand per
customer.

Open Banking
The Bank advanced the development of open banking and the scenario-based ecosystem. Through standardized, modular
and light docking solutions (including but not limited to API, SDK, H5 and WeChat Mini Program), it embedded
financial/non-financial services into three-party cooperation scenarios and introduced third-party services, so as to promote
the rapid output of retail banking, inclusive finance, corporate banking and other characteristic products and services, and
the efficient introduction of external resources from cooperative platforms. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank
developed more than 18,000 scenarios such as account, payment and bill payment with industries through standardized
product components, serving more than 28.69 million users, recording more than RMB431.7 billion in cumulative treasury
transactions. In 2022, the Bank was awarded “China’s Best API and Open Bank Project” by The Asian Banker.




30	Refers to the number of users using the mobile banking APP and Mobile Card Space APP in a month.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     77
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.7.4.2. Physical outlets
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 1,428 outlets in 153 medium-sized and large cities in the Chinese
     mainland, including 37 tier-one branches (directly managed by the Head Office), 125 tier-two branches, and 1,266 sub-
     branches (including 35 community/micro and small sub-branches), plus 1,542 self-service banks (including onsite and
     offsite self-service banks), 4,967 self-service terminals and 9,197 smart teller machines (including 3,085 vertical ones).
     As such, the Bank has developed a diversified outlet pattern that consists of comprehensive outlets, boutique outlets,
     community/micro and small outlets and off-bank self-service outlets. With its outlets basically covering all medium-sized
     and large cities in China, the Bank shifted its focus of domestic outlet establishment to layout optimization and profit
     improvement. Allocation of resources for outlet construction favored developed cities and regions such as Beijing, Shanghai,
     Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Nanjing. At the same time, as an active response to the national 14th Five-Year
     Plan, the Bank set up outlets and offered services in key areas, and supported the economic development of key areas such
     as the free trade zones, special economic zones, new areas, comprehensive reform areas, high-tech areas and demonstration
     zones of common prosperity.

     In terms of the layout of overseas outlets, CNCBI, an affiliate of the Bank, had 31 outlets and 2 business centers in
     Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore and the Chinese mainland. CNCB Investment had
     3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland. JSC Altyn Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking center in
     Kazakhstan. During the reporting period, in line with its 2021-2022 Plan for Overseas Development, the Bank moved
     forward to improve the management frameworks for human resources, businesses, systems, authorization and performance
     evaluation of overseas affiliates, and steadily promoted the upgrading of Sydney Representative Office and the establishing
     of Hong Kong Branch.

     2.7.4.3. Overseas Branch Business
     London Branch, the Bank’s first overseas branch directly managed by the Head Office, opened for business on 21 June
     2019. It is engaged in wholesale banking, provides financial services including deposits, lending (including bilateral lending,
     syndicated lending, trade finance and cross-border M&A finance), agency spot foreign exchange trading, money market
     transactions, derivative transactions, offshore RMB trading, bond investment and other financial market businesses as well
     as financial services such as cross-border RMB payment settlement.

     During the reporting period, based on the macroeconomic situations and international geopolitical situations, London
     Branch strengthened risk control and compliance management, deepened the collaboration between domestic and overseas
     operations, and gave full play to its functions as the financing center in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. It expanded
     cooperation with overseas subsidiaries of the Group in comprehensive services, and extended a total of USD849 million
     of loans during the reporting period. It continued to expand its financing channels, and accumulatively issued interbank
     CDs of approximately USD3.738 billion during the reporting period. It handled foreign exchange trading business on the
     European time trading platform on behalf of the Head Office, and delivered efficient and convenient foreign exchange
     trading services for customers around the clock. Besides, the Bank actively performed its functions as a market maker in
     the interbank foreign exchange market by providing continuous bilateral quotations for the market and handling foreign
     exchange transactions on behalf of the Head Office, with a total annual trading volume of USD26.340 billion.

     As at the end of the reporting period, London Branch registered total assets of USD3.205 billion, an increase of 8.63%
     over the end of last year. During the reporting period, due to the growth of loan scale and favorable situations in the
     foreign exchange market, the branch registered operating income of USD39.8972 million and net profit of USD16.0279
     million, a year-on-year increase of 93.00% and 606.17% respectively.

     2.7.5 Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures
     2.7.5.1 CIFH
     CIFH was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1924. It was acquired by CITIC Group in June 1986 and restructured to
     become an investment holdings company after its acquisition of the then Hong Kong Chinese Bank Limited in 2002. It is
     now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, with an issued share capital of HKD7.503 billion. CIFH is the main platform
     for the Bank to conduct its overseas businesses. Its business scope includes commercial banking and non-banking financial
     services. CIFH conducts its commercial banking business mainly via its holding subsidiary CNCBI (in which CIFH holds
     a 75% equity interest), and conducts its non-banking financial business primarily via CIAM (in which CIFH holds a 46%
     equity interest).


78   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, CIFH had 2,601 employees and no retired employees at the company’s expense. It
recorded HKD451.609 billion in total assets and HKD59.554 billion in net assets, up by 8.05% and 8.94% from the end
of the previous year, respectively. During the reporting period, it realized net profit of HKD2.237 billion, up by 8.94%
year on year.

CNCBI: CNCBI is a comprehensive commercial bank in Hong Kong SAR. Under the 4C framework31, it has fully
integrated into the ecosystem of CITIC Group, and actively interacted with group members to improve its comprehensive
service capacity and market competitiveness. In response to a challenging business environment, CNCBI worked hard to
promote its businesses and consolidate the customer base, and maintained the competitive advantages of its core products,
achieving a solid progress in its business development. It was highly recognized by the market, ranking among the top four
leading banks and bookrunners in the syndicated loan market in Hong Kong and Macao32, and winning the “Northbound
Trading Excellent Investor (Commercial Bank)” and “Primary Market Innovation Award” under the Bond Connect
program. CNCBI promoted the optimization of customer structure. The number of high-net-worth personal customers
increased by 20.86% compared with the prior year-end, among which private banking customers and CITIC diamond33
customers increased by 18.90% and 32.11% respectively compared with the prior year-end, laying a solid foundation for
future business growth. CNCBI promoted the FinTech-based transformation. During the reporting period, it rolled out
a number of new functions and optimized existing processes of the InMotion Dynamic Banking, the flagship platform of
mobile banking services. As a result, the number of customers increased by 39.53% over the same period of last year, and
the transaction volume increased by 43.40% over the last year.

As at the end of the reporting period, CNCBI recorded an issued share capital of HKD18.404 billion, and posted total
assets of HKD449.170 billion and net assets of HKD54.694 billion, up by 8.13% and 9.86% from the end of the previous
year, respectively. During the reporting period, CNCBI realized operating income of HKD8.406 billion and net profit of
HKD2.253 billion for the reporting period, up by 2.53% and 5.86% from the end of the previous year, respectively.

CIAM: CIAM is a cross-border asset management company, and is mainly engaged in private equity investment and asset
management. During the reporting period, upholding the strategy of “controlling risks, increasing income, reducing costs
and streamlining tiers”, CIAM strengthened the management of projects and platform companies, exited in an orderly
manner, and increased the recovery of debt projects. In addition, CIAM continued to strengthen expense management and
control, promoted organizational optimization, continuously improved team operation efficiency, reduced operation costs
and improved income.

2.7.5.2 CNCB Investment
CNCB Investment is an overseas controlled subsidiary of the Bank established in Hong Kong in 1984 with a registered
capital of HKD1.889 billion. The Bank holds 99.05% of the equity interest in CNCB Investment and CNCBI holds
the rest 0.95%34. The business scope of CNCB Investment covers lending (it holds a Hong Kong money lender license),
investment (mainly including debt securities investment, fund investment, stock investment and long-term equity
investment, etc.), and overseas licensed investment banking business and domestic equity investment fund management
business via its own subsidiaries.

CNCB Investment, as the overseas investment banking platform of the Bank, aspires to develop itself into “a versatile
overseas investment bank serving the parent bank and featuring strong empowerment, capital-light development and
outstanding performance”. During the reporting period, CNCB Investment continuously advanced the building of its
marketing service system, improved product chain and business strategies, moved forward to improve the license business
system capabilities of overseas investment banking, and accelerated the development of an overseas asset management
center. The bond underwriting business increased significantly, implementing 143 projects for the reporting period, 1.19
times of the same period of the previous year. The scale of active asset management business continued to expand, with
increasingly diverse product service and steady progress in key channel and customer development. Its business performance
was recognized by the market. In terms of bond underwriting, for the first time, it entered the top 12 list35 of Chinese
USD bond underwriters, a record ranking in the history, with its market influence significantly enhanced. During the
reporting period, CNCB Investment successfully issued USD270 million of medium and long-term equity bonds, further
optimizing its liability structure.

31	Refers to culture, customer, collaboration and cyberspace.
32	Based on the rankings published by Refinitiv.
33	Refers to customers with an AUM of HKD4 million or more.
34	Through the approval from regulatory authority, CNCB Investment repurchased and retired the 0.95% shares held by CNCBI. This share repurchase and
        retirement was completed on 3 March 2023, when the CNCB Investment became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.
35	According to the ranking of total underwriting amount of Chinese USD bond platforms of WST Pro/SereS.


                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report        79
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, CNCB Investment had 841 employees and 1 retired employee at the company’s
     expense. It registered total assets equivalent to RMB31.660 billion, up by 38.13% over the prior year-end, net assets
     attributable to parent company equivalent to RMB4.774 billion, up by 7.31% over the prior year-end, and assets under
     management equivalent to RMB74.488 billion, an increase of 18.08% over the prior year-end. During the reporting period,
     due to impact of the capital market and fluctuations in asset prices, CNCB Investment realized net profit attributable to
     parent company equivalent to RMB371 million.


     2.7.5.3 CITIC Financial Leasing
     Wholly owned by the Bank, CITIC Financial Leasing was incorporated in April 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4
     billion. As an important strategic layout for the Bank to serve the real economy, CITIC Financial Leasing scientifically
     coordinates risk prevention and control and operation management, takes the initiative and actively takes the responsibility
     in seeking excellence and progress while maintaining stability. In 2022, despite of the difficult operating environment
     CITIC Financial Leasing hit a new high in the past five years in terms of business expansion, achieved steady growth
     of operating benefits, effective improvement of operation quality and excellent fulfillment of social responsibilities, and
     delivered satisfying annual results.

     During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing focused on the core leasing business, and significantly improved
     its ability to serve the real economy with the goal of achieving “effective improvement in quality and reasonable growth
     in quantity”. Adhering to the 32 measures to help, stabilize and benefit enterprises, it served key industries supported by
     the state such as manufacturing companies and enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique, novel
     products, issued the Plan on Ensuring Credit for Small and Medium-sized Customers, and took multiple measures to promote
     the development of small and medium-sized customers. In 2022, a total of RMB4.879 billion new loans were granted to
     the manufacturing industry, up by 71.86% year on year. It developed 34 small and medium-sized customers, with a total
     business balance of RMB1.792 billion, channeling financial resources directly to customers in the non-public sector.

     In response to the government’s call for supporting green
     development and rural revitalization, CITIC Financial Leasing
     promoted the high-quality development of green leasing
     under the two-wheel drive of corporate banking and retail
     banking. During the reporting period, CITIC Financial
     Leasing unswervingly promoted the construction of centralized
     photovoltaic and wind power stations, and launched the
     distributed photovoltaic retail leasing business for rural
     households adhering to the concept of “delivering financial
     services to all households”. Taking advantage of digital
     transformation, it developed the customized “Financial Leasing
     e Farmer” photovoltaic financial leasing management system
     to serve 4,325 rural households. In addition, CITIC Financial
     Leasing intensified efforts to build an energy system integrating wind power, photovoltaic, hydropower, power storage and
     hydrogen energy, and made new breakthroughs in energy storage and hydrogen energy businesses, with the amount of
     projects launched during the reporting period reaching RMB308 million.

     During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing successfully launched the passenger car system, providing financial
     support for the entire industry chain from production, sales to relevant services. It obtained the qualifications to establish
     SPVs, and promoted the ship business in accordance with the national strategy of building China into a strong maritime
     country and a country strong in manufacturing. Through cooperation with leading companies, it provided financial leasing
     for 21 vessels and established a ship leasing service system with various vessel, asset portfolios and multi-currency businesses.

     As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing had 159 employees and no retired employees at the
     company’s expense. It recorded total assets of RMB50.782 billion, down by 1.68% over the prior year-end, and net assets
     of RMB7.290 billion, up by 10.76% comparing with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, CITIC
     Financial Leasing realized net operating income of RMB1.815 billion, an increase of 8.35% year on year, and net profit of
     RMB708 million, an increase of 156.56% year on year. The company recorded return on equity (ROE) of 10.21%, return
     on assets (ROA) of 1.38%, a ratio of allowance for impairment of loans to total loans of 4.01%, and a capital adequacy
     ratio of 13.34%.




80   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                       Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.7.5.4 CITIC Wealth Management
CITIC Wealth Management was incorporated in Shanghai on 1 July 2020 with a registered capital of RMB5 billion. As a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, CITIC Wealth Management mainly engages in the issuance of wealth management
products, investment and management of investor assets under custody and financial advisory and consulting.

For the asset management business conducted by the Bank during the reporting period, please refer to relevant content on
asset management in “2.6 Key Issues in Capital Market” and “2.7.3 Financial Market Business” in this chapter.

As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Wealth Management had 411 employees and no retired employees at the
company’s expense. It registered total assets of RMB10.340 billion and net assets of RMB9.449 billion. During the
reporting period, it recorded net operating income of RMB3.553 billion, and net profit of RMB2.048 billion, up by
16.88% and 13.40% over the same period of last year, respectively. It registered the return on equity (ROE) of 24.31%
and debt asset ratio of 8.61%.

2.7.5.5 CITIC aiBank
CITIC aiBank is the first direct bank with independent legal person status in China jointly established by the Bank and
Fujian Baidu Borui Network Technology Co., Ltd., and was officially opened for business on 18 November 2017. The
Bank holds 65.70% of its shares.

                                                                                 During the reporting period, CITIC aiBank
                                                                                 consistently adhered to the development
                                                                                 model of open banking, and continuously
                                                                                 consolidated its green and inclusive financial
                                                                                 service capability. It completed the first “e-CNY
                                                                                 + bill discount + green finance” business in
                                                                                 China, and “Jing Lv Tong” ranked among
                                                                                 the top in the market in terms of business
                                                                                 scale. The Bank launched 21 measures
                                                                                 to help enterprises overcome difficulties,
                                                                                 contributing to its due efforts to stabilize
the economic market. In order to implement the national food security strategy, it cooperated with leading agricultural
enterprises on the industrial chain, and vigorously supported the development of Sannong (i.e. “agriculture, rural areas, and
rural residents”). It successfully issued the first tier-2 capital bonds of internet banks, launched the first securities backed
by assets with right to earnings at the Banking Registration Center for flat consumption in the industry, and received
again a long-term AAA rating for entity credit from China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. It unleashed the momentum of
coordinated development in multiple dimensions, explored the scenario-based ecosystem of shareholders to jointly build
business channels, enrich product ecosystem and promote technological innovation, and preliminarily formed a new pattern
of coordinated development. It also actively explored the frontiers of financial technology, built a digital business hall and
created a new pattern of future banking development. It was enrolled into the FinTech regulatory sandbox of the PBOC
for three consecutive times and shortlisted in the KPMG China’s China Leading FinTech 50 list for five consecutive years.

During the reporting period, CITIC aiBank continued to optimize its asset and liability structure, actively promoted
the development of proprietary business, built up its intelligent risk control capability in an all-round manner, steadily
advanced the empowerment and upgrade of user management, and fully unleashed the momentum of shareholder synergy
and capital-light development. All these efforts helped to continuously improve its comprehensive strength and market
competitiveness. As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC aiBank had 934 employees and recorded total assets of
RMB96.922 billion, up by 22.06% over the prior year-end, total liabilities of RMB89.487 billion, up by 23.26% over
the prior year-end, and net assets of RMB7.435 billion. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of
RMB3.968 billion, up by 32.35% over the previous year, and net profit of RMB656 million, a year-on-year increase of
RMB393 million. CITIC aiBank once again received a long-term AAA rating for entity credit from China Lianhe Credit
Rating Co., Ltd., and ranked 12th among global digital-only banks and 3rd in China by The Asian Banker in 2022.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report     81
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.7.5.6 JSC Altyn Bank
     JSC Altyn Bank was formerly an affiliate of HSBC established in Kazakhstan in 1998. In November 2014, it was wholly
     acquired by the JSC Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan, the largest commercial bank in the country. On 24 April 2018, the Bank
     completed the acquisition of a majority stake in JSC Altyn Bank. At present the Bank holds 50.1% of shares in JSC Altyn
     Bank.

     During the reporting period, in face of the severe external operating environment, JSC Altyn Bank grasped market
     opportunities brought by the changes, and made breakthroughs in business development. As a result, it achieved a record
     high in financial performance, maintained stable asset quality, and delivered great results to shareholders. Thanks to
     business opportunities in the foreign exchange market, during the reporting period, it realized non-interest income of
     11.650 billion tenge36, up by 192.70% year on year. Leveraging on the synergy with the Bank, JSC Altyn Bank enhanced
     collaboration with branches in Changsha, Zhengzhou, Nanjing, Qingdao, Lanzhou etc. and overseas institutions such
     as CNCBI and CNCB Investment. During the reporting period, JSC Altyn Bank made new progress in cross-border
     marketing, with more than ten Chinese enterprises opening accounts. At the same time, it launched innovative forward
     exchange rate management products to provide comprehensive financial services for Chinese enterprises under the Belt and
     Road Initiative (BRI). International rating agency Fitch Ratings confirmed that JSC Altyn Bank’s long-term issuer default
     rating was BBB- with a stable long-term outlook, and bank viability rating as bb, indicating stable international ratings of
     JSC Altyn Bank.

     As at the end of the reporting period, JSC Altyn Bank recorded share capital of 7.050 billion tenge, total assets of 979.748
     billion tenge, net assets of 94.936 billion tenge. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of 46.276
     billion tenge, net profit of 24.270 billion tenge, and its ROA and ROE stood at 2.91% and 29.30%, respectively.

     2.7.5.7 Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank
     Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank, located in Lin’an District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, officially started operation on 9
     January 2012. It has a registered capital of RMB200 million, with the Bank holding 51% of its equity interest and another
     12 enterprises holding the rest 49%. Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank is mainly engaged in general commercial banking business.

     During the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank organized the “Three Servings”37, “financial liaison worker” and
     other financial services and activities for rural revitalization. Leaders of the Bank led observation groups to visit rural
     communities, markets and industrial parks, and inspected clusters of micro and small enterprises, markets of agricultural
     products and local communities. During the reporting period, the Bank acquired 35 new micro and small enterprise
     customers, providing a total of RMB521 million credit to private enterprises and micro and small enterprises. Indicators
     such as the average loan per household and the proportion of loans above RMB5 million continued to improve. As at
     the end of the reporting period, the average loan balance per household was RMB524 thousand, down by RMB38.6
     thousand from the end of the previous year, among which loans above RMB5 million accounted for 10.97%, down by 2.99
     percentage points compared with the prior year-end.

     During the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank actively supported the real economy, implemented the inclusive
     finance and rural revitalization strategies, and increased credit extension meeting “two no-less-than and two control”
     target38. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of agriculture-related loans stood at RMB1.078 billion,
     representing a decrease of 5.01% over the prior year-end. The balance of loans granted to micro and small enterprises was
     RMB1.485 billion, an increase of 2.06% over the end of the previous year. The proportion of loans to farmers and micro
     and small enterprises reached 93.07%.

     As at the end of the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank had 58 employees and recorded RMB2.385 billion total
     assets, RMB404 million net assets, RMB1.819 billion balance of customer deposits, and RMB1.901 billion combined
     balance of various loans, an increase of 4.90%, 9.33%, 8.69% and 2.00% over the prior year-end, respectively. Its capital
     adequacy ratio stood at 24.37%, allowance coverage ratio was 492.27%, and the ratio of allowance for impairment of loans
     to total loans recorded 4.45%. It realized a net profit of RMB46 million for the reporting period.

     36	The rate on 31 December 2022 of tenge against Renminbi was 1:0.014923501.
     37	Refers to “serving enterprises, serving the people, and serving communities”.
     38	Pursuant to the Plan for Promoting Inclusive Finance Development (2016-2020) formulated by the State Council, “two no-less-than” means that lending to SMEs
              should rise no less than growth in all loans year on year; and the number of micro and small borrowers in a year should be no less than the same period of the
              previous year; and “two control” means reasonably controlling asset quality and the overall cost of loans to SMEs.




82   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




    2.8 Risk Management

2.8.1 Risk Management Structure

                                                                          Board of Directors                                                   Board of Supervisors



                              Risk Management                                                          Audit and Related Party
                                 Committee                                                         Transactions Control Committee
 Board of Directors,
 Board of Supervisors



                                                                President and the President’s Office


                                    Risk and Internal
                                   Control Committee




                                                                       Vice President of the Bank                        Vice Presidents
                                                                     in charge of risk management                         of the Bank




                                                                                                      Compliance              Operation
                Risk Management                                                                       Department:           Management            General Office:       Audit
                   Department:                                                                     compliance/money- Department: credit risk      reputational risk   Department
                                                                          Law and Asset          laundering/sanctions risk (loan granting)
                 comprehensive/              Credit Execution
                                                                           Preservation
                  credit/market/               Department:
                                                                           Department:
                   operational/                 credit risk                                      Asset and Liability Department:
                                                                         credit/legal risk                                                Information Technology
                  concentration/                                                                   strategy risk/liquidity risk/                                       Regional
                   country risk                                                                                                          Management Department:
                                                                                                         interest rate risk                                           audit centers
                                                                                                                                        information technology risk
                                                                                                       in the banking book

Head Office


                                                                                                       Branch President                                  Board of directors
                                                                                                                                                          of subsidiaries


                                                                                         Branch risk                           Other                    Senior management
                                                                                          director                         branch leaders                 of subsidiaries


Branches and
subsidiaries
                    Law and         Credit Business       Credit            Risk                                          Relevant branch
                  Preservation       Management          Approval        Management                                        departments
                  Department         Department         Department       Department                                                                      Risk management
                                                                                                                                                            departments
                                                                                                                                                          of subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report          83
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.8.2 Risk Management System and Techniques
     During the reporting period, the Bank implemented national decisions and plans, made coordinated efforts to stabilize
     growth, ensure people’s livelihood and guard against risks, helped stabilize the economy, spared no effort to stabilize
     asset quality and energetically ensured steady business operation. It continuously perfected the risk management system,
     effectively transmitted the prudent risk appetite and continuously deepened the risk compliance culture. It strengthened
     uniform credit management, and strengthened regional and customer concentration control. The Bank reformed the
     organizational structure for risk management, and realized the integration of approval, post-lending management and re-
     examination, as well as the integration of problematic asset management, disposal and recovery. It consistently deepened
     the reform in the review and approval system, adopted the mechanism of full-time reviewers and approvers across the
     board, improved the review and approval standards, raised the efficiency of the whole process of review and approval, and
     released the vitality of business institutions on the premise of firmly holding the bottom line for risks. The Bank pushed
     forward the transformation of post-lending management, and carried out in-depth differentiated management and classified
     monitoring in key areas. Meanwhile, the Bank deepened the establishment of a platform for the management of special
     assets, made active progress in the resolving of multiple high-value risks, and achieved “win-win results for multiple parties”
     based on coordination across the Group. It also intensified efforts in building a professional team for risk management and
     enhanced the Bank-wide risk management.

     The Bank strengthened the overall planning for digital risk control, continued to improve the capability for research and
     development of risk management technology, and deepened the multi-level application of big data and artificial intelligence
     technologies. During the reporting period, the Bank continuously improved its risk control capabilities for online businesses
     such as personal credit, auto finance, inclusive finance, transaction banking and international business, and advanced early
     warning of risks based on big data. The Bank continued to build a smart platform for comprehensive risk management,
     integrated the system functions of credit, market and operational risks, supported the application of digital risk control
     tools for processes such as customer access, and post-lending management, and enabled business development of the Head
     Office and branches.

     During the reporting period, the Bank strictly implemented the Administrative Measures for Large Exposures of Commercial
     Banks of the CBIRC and other relevant provisions, and actively carried out large exposure management under the
     comprehensive risk management framework. It continuously improved the policy system for large exposure management,
     optimized the management information system, strengthened data governance, enhanced data quality, and carried out
     statistical monitoring and regulatory reporting in an orderly manner. During the reporting period, the Bank met regulatory
     requirements for limits in terms of all indicators of large exposure management.

     2.8.3 Credit Risk Management
     Credit risk refers to the risk of a bank incurring losses in its business due to the failure of its borrowers or transaction
     counterparties to fulfill the obligations specified in relevant agreements or contracts. The Bank’s credit risk mainly comes
     from various credit businesses, including but not limited to loans, guarantee, acceptance, loan commitments and other
     on-and off-balance sheet credit businesses, bond investment of banking book, derivatives trading and other businesses,
     as well as businesses with credit risk such as structured financing and financing wealth management. Under the overall
     objective of maintaining stable asset quality and increasing the proportion of high-quality customers and guided by the
     principle of serving the real economy and preventing risks, the Bank continuously optimized its credit structure, enhanced
     comprehensive financial service capabilities, strengthened the whole-process credit management, prevented systemic risks,
     and kept credit risks within a tolerable range. For details on the credit risk management of various businesses of the Bank
     during the reporting period, please refer to “Business Overview” of this chapter. For details of the Bank’s risk exposures
     after the mitigation of credit risk asset portfolio and measurement of credit risk capital, please refer to the 2022 Capital
     Adequacy Ratio Information Disclosure Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited issued by the Bank.




84   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, in order to actively adapt to the market development situation and changes in the policy
environment, the Bank took various measures to improve the capability and level of post-credit and collateral management.

Stepping up the post-lending management system and mechanism development. The Bank took solid steps in the
classified management of corporate credit customers, guided active reduction and withdrawal in a forward-looking way,
prevented and controlled new risks and optimized credit assert structure. It consolidated post-lending management and
risk monitoring mechanisms, implemented differentiated post-lending inspection over key customers and asset portfolios,
and carried out stratified and classified risk monitoring. The Bank pressed ahead with the upgrading of the risk warning
management system, formulated and improved legal person customer warning management policies, established a group
customer warning management mechanism, continuously optimized warning business process, and thus made risk
identification more forward-looking and effective.

Continuously promoting the digital transformation of post-lending management. The Bank increased the application of
external risk data and enriched online warning strategy rules. With the help of the system automatically pushing prompts,
the Bank realized the sharing of internal risk information across institutions, developed big data-based risk warning models,
promoted relevant application and continuously optimized them. It also pushed ahead with online risk monitoring and
post-lending execution monitoring, and improved the quality and efficiency of post-lending management.

Refining the collateral management system for credit business. The Bank comprehensively improved the collateral
management rules and business process according to the goal of “good selection, accurate estimation and sound
management”, and strengthened the risk mitigation role of collateral on credit business. It proactively carried out existing
collateral system optimization and collateral data governance to meet management needs and regulatory requirements.
It also started the establishment of the new generation collateral management system for corporate credit business, and
promoted the “online, automated and intelligent” transformation of collateral management.

2.8.4 Market Risk Management
Market risk refers to the risk of on- and off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable
changes in market prices (including interest rate, exchange rate, stock price and commodity price). The main market risk
confronting the Bank includes interest rate risk and exchange rate (including gold price) risk. The Bank has established
a market risk management policy system covering market risk identification, measurement, monitoring and control. It
controls and prevents market risk through product access approval, risk limit management and risk reporting, hence
improving its market risk management. The target of market risk management of the Bank is to control market risk within
the reasonable range and maximize risk-adjusted returns based on its risk appetite.

During the reporting period, the Bank completed the main work of the implementation of the market risk capital
measurement program under Basel III, and remarkably improved the risk measurement capability. It made active response
to market volatilities in interest rates, foreign exchange, commodities, etc., continued to conduct risk investigation,
monitoring and reminding, and implemented risk limits strictly, hence strongly supporting business development based
on controllable risks. For details of market risk capital measurement, please refer to Note 55 to the financial report of this
report. For details of interest rate gaps and foreign exchange exposures and sensitivity analysis, please refer to Note 55(b) to
the financial report of this report.




                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report     85
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.8.4.1 Interest Rate Risk Management
     Interest rate risk in the trading book
     The Bank established a complete risk limit system for the interest rate risk in the trading book, set limits such as value at
     risk, interest rate sensitivity and market value loss according to features of different products, and regularly assessed the
     interest rate risk in the trading book through stress testing and other tools, so as to control the interest rate risk in the
     trading book within its risk preference.

     The Bank’s interest rate risk in the trading book is mainly affected by changes in yields of the domestic bond market.
     During the reporting period, the domestic bond market yields fluctuated within certain range except for great fluctuations
     from November to December, with the 10-year central government bond yield increasing by 6 BPs accumulatively. The
     Bank closely tracked market changes, strengthened market research and judgment, effectively carried out risk monitoring
     and warning, and prudently controlled the interest rate risk exposure in the trading book.

     Interest rate risk in the banking book
     Interest rate risk in the banking book is defined as the risk of loss in the overall earnings and economic value of the
     banking book arising from adverse movements in interest rate, maturity structure, and other factors. It consists of gap risk,
     benchmark risk and option risk. The Bank manages its interest rate risk in the banking book with the overall objective of
     observing its prudent risk preference principle and ensuring that overall exposures are controllable within the Bank’s risk
     tolerance range. Relying on effective comprehensive risk management, the Bank established a sound management system for
     interest rate risk in the banking book, including a multi-level risk management structure, risk management strategies and
     processes, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and mitigation systems, internal control and audit policies,
     information management systems, risk reporting and information disclosure mechanism, etc.

     During the reporting period, the Bank closely followed changes in monetary policies and fiscal policies, strengthened the
     analysis and prediction of the trend of market interest rate and the simulation analysis of customer behavior changes, and
     took forward-looking adjustment for proper response. It applied gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and other
     methods to monitor the risk exposure level and changes from multiple dimensions such as re-pricing gap, duration, net
     interest income fluctuation (△NII) and economic value of entity fluctuation (△EVE). It also flexibly employed price
     guidance, duration management, scale limit and other management tools to ensure the overall stability of the Bank’s
     interest rate risk exposures in the banking book. With the combined effect of the above management measures, the Bank’s
     management indicators for interest rate risk in the banking book fell within the risk tolerance range of the Bank during the
     reporting period.

     2.8.4.2 Exchange Rate Risk Management
     Exchange rate risk refers to the risk of on- and off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable
     changes in exchange rates (including gold price). The Bank mainly measures the magnitude of exchange rate risk through
     foreign exchange exposure analysis. Its foreign exchange exposure mainly comes from the foreign exchange position formed
     through foreign exchange transactions and from foreign currency capital and foreign currency profits. The Bank manages
     exchange rate risk by reasonably matching Renminbi and foreign currency denominated assets with liabilities denominated
     in the same currencies and by making appropriate use of derivative financial instruments. For foreign exchange exposures
     of bank-wide assets and liabilities as well as foreign exchange exposures formed in foreign exchange settlement and sale,
     foreign exchange trading and other transactions, the Bank sets exposure limits to control its exchange rate risk at an
     acceptable level.

     The exchange rate risk of the Bank was mainly subject to impact of changes in the Renminbi exchange rate against the US
     dollar. During the reporting period, the Renminbi exchange rate against the US dollar rose after a drop, with a cumulative
     depreciation of 8.32% in the whole year. The Bank continuously improved the measurement and management of foreign
     exchange exposures, by strict control of the foreign exchange risk exposures of relevant businesses, more intensive routine
     risk monitoring, forewarning and reporting. As a result, the Bank was able to control its exchange rate risk within the
     acceptable range.




86   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.8.5 Liquidity Risk Management
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that a bank is unable to obtain adequate capital in a timely manner and at reasonable cost
to repay matured debts, perform other payment obligations or meet other capital needs for normal business. The Bank’s
liquidity risk management aims to effectively identify, measure, monitor and control the liquidity risk at the legal person
level and the Group level by establishing a science-based and sound system for liquidity risk management, and ensure that
the liquidity demand can be met at a reasonable cost in a timely manner on the premise of complying with regulatory
requirements.

The Bank has set up a robust governance structure for liquidity risk management, which clearly lays out the division
of duties among the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management and their subordinate
specialized committees and the relevant management departments of the Bank, and explicitly defines the strategies,
policies and procedures on liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors assumes the ultimate responsibility for
liquidity risk management of the Bank, and shall review and approve the liquidity risk appetite, liquidity risk management
strategy, important policies and procedures, etc. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for supervising and evaluating
the performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management in liquidity risk management, and reporting to the
general meeting of shareholders. The senior management shall take charge of specific management of liquidity risk, keep
abreast of major changes in liquidity risk and regularly report to the Board of Directors. The Asset and Liability Committee
of the Head Office shall perform part of responsibilities of the senior management under the latter’s authorization. As the
leading department for liquidity risk management of the Bank, the Asset and Liability Department of the Head Office is
responsible for formulating policies and procedures for liquidity risk management, measuring, monitoring and analyzing
liquidity risk and other specific management work. The Audit Department of the Head Office is responsible for auditing,
supervising and evaluating the Bank’s liquidity risk management.

The Bank maintains a prudent liquidity risk level, implements a prudent, coordinated liquidity risk management strategy,
and effectively identifies, measures, monitors and controls liquidity risk by gap management, stress testing, emergency
drills and qualified premium liquid assets management. The Group has put in place a unified liquidity risk management
framework. The Head Office is responsible for formulating liquidity risk management policies and strategies of the Group
and its legal-person institutions, and for managing liquidity risk at the legal-person institution level in a centralized manner.
All domestic and overseas affiliates of the Group are responsible for developing and implementing their own strategies and
procedures for liquidity risk management pursuant to the requirements of competent regulators and within the Group’s
master policy framework on liquidity risk management.

During the reporting period, in the face of the complex economic environment, the central bank maintained a flexible
and appropriate prudent monetary policy, and adopted multiple instruments of monetary policy to guide the market to
maintain reasonably ample liquidity. In 2022, the central bank cut the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) by 25 basis points (bps)
twice, and lowered the interest rate of instruments of monetary policy by 10 BPs twice. It also used instruments such as
MLF, OMO and PSL to put in base money, reduce market fluctuations and introduce a looser credit policy. The structural
instruments of monetary policy continued to show effect. A series of measures, including the launch of a relending facility
to boost technological innovation, inclusive elderly care services, transport and logistics and equipment upgrades, were
introduced to provide more policy support for micro and small enterprises and other inclusive sectors and achieve precise “drip
irrigation” of the real economy. The overall liquidity of the money market was abundant, while short-term interest rates fell
amid fluctuations. The medium and long-term interest rates fluctuated downward in the first three quarters, and picked up
slightly in the fourth quarter due to real estate financing and other factors.

The Bank constantly enhanced liquidity risk management, increased the foresight and proactiveness of liquidity
management and kept optimizing the coordinated management of assets and liabilities. Adhering to steadily increasing
deposits, it stepped up efforts in improving the total amount and structure of fund sources and utilization, and maintained
a dynamic balance between liquidity and efficiency. It also enhanced liquidity risk measurement and monitoring, kept
practicing liquidity risk limit management, and continuously worked to make liquidity risk meet regulatory requirements.
Moreover, the Bank strengthened premium liquid asset management, and promoted the launch of pledge projects for
credit assets rated by the central bank. It reinforced proactive management of liabilities and maintained a reasonable and
proactive liability structure so as to ensure the smooth channels and diversified sources of financing. In addition, the Bank
continued to promote the issuance of financial bonds to replenish and stabilize the sources of liabilities, properly conducted
daily liquidity management, strengthened market analysis and forecast, and made forward-looking fund arrangements to
improve the efficiency of fund utilization while ensuring liquidity safety of the Bank. During the reporting period, the
Bank reasonably set stress scenarios and conducted liquidity risk stress tests on a quarterly basis, taking into account major
factors and external environmental factors that may trigger liquidity risk. Under the mild, medium and severe scenarios, the
Bank’s minimum survival periods all exceeded the 30-day limit specified by the regulator.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report     87
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s liquidity indicators continued to meet regulatory requirements. The
     liquidity coverage ratio was 168.03%, 68.03 percentage points higher than the minimum regulatory requirement, indicating
     that the Bank had an adequate reserve of premium liquid assets and strong capacity to withstand the short-term liquidity
     risk, which is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
      Item                                                                    31 December 2022                31 December 2021                31 December 2020
      Liquidity coverage ratio                                                              168.03%                         146.59%                        135.14%
      Qualified premium liquid assets                                                      1,087,933                         929,568                        823,822
      Net cash outflow in the coming 30 days                                                 647,452                         634,132                        609,593

     Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Commercial
             Banks (CBRC Decree [2015] No.52).


     The net stable funding ratio was 107.64%, 7.64 percentage points higher than the minimum regulatory requirement,
     indicating that the available stable funding sources for the Bank could support the needs of sustainable business
     development, which is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
      Item                                                                    31 December 2022                30 September 2022                      30 June 2022
      Net stable funding ratio                                                              107.64%                         104.67%                        104.97%
      Available stable funding                                                             4,874,024                       4,756,829                      4,453,589
      Required stable funding                                                              4,528,272                       4,544,592                      4,242,673

     Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its net stable funding ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Net Stable Funding Ratio of Commercial
             Banks (CBIRC Decree [2019] No.11).


     For relevant information about the Group’s liquidity gaps as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 55(c)
     to the financial report of this report.

     2.8.6 Liability Quality Management
     The Bank highly values liability quality management. It effectively measures, monitors and controls the quality of liabilities
     by establishing a science-based and complete liability quality management system, and ensures the quality of liabilities
     in terms of six aspects, namely, the stability of liability sources, the diversity of liability structure, the appropriateness of
     liability cost, the reasonable match between liabilities and assets, the initiative in obtaining liabilities, and the authenticity
     of liability items (the “Six Elements”) in compliance with regulatory requirements. The Bank’s liability quality management
     system is commensurate with the size and complexity of its liabilities, and its organizational structure consists of a decision-
     making level and an executive level. Specifically, the decision-making level includes the Board of Directors who bears
     ultimate responsibility for the liability quality management and the senior management who implements the liability
     quality management, while the executive level refers to relevant departments of the Head Office and branches. Focusing on
     the Six Elements, the Bank clarified the goals and process of liability quality management and built a corresponding limit
     and indicator system covering key regulatory indicators of liability quality management.

     During the reporting period, in light of the internal and external environment as well as the Bank’s business development
     plan, the Bank paid close attention to the internal and external factors affecting the stability of liability sources, continued
     to strengthen the monitoring, analysis and management of changes in the size and structure of liabilities, and improved
     the match between liabilities and assets in terms of maturity, currency, interest rate and exchange rate through various
     ways. Furthermore, the Bank established internal and external pricing mechanisms in line with its business strategies to
     ensure fund absorption at reasonable cost. During the reporting period, the Bank’s regulatory indicators of liability quality
     management remained compliant with regulatory requirements, the liability cost decreased slightly, and the liability quality
     status and the implementation of the Six Elements of liability quality management were generally good.




88   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




2.8.7 Operational Risk Management
Operational risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from imperfect or deficient internal procedures, employees and
information technology systems and external incidents. It includes legal risk but excludes strategic risk and reputational risk.
The target of operational risk management of the Bank is to enhance its risk control capability and reduce operational risk
losses, promote process streamlining and improve service efficiency, ensure business continuity and continuous operation,
and reduce capital consumption and improve return to shareholders.

During the reporting period, the Bank continued to strengthen its operational risk control and intensified the daily
management of operational risk. It implemented the new standardized approaches for operational risk under Basel III,
carried out operational risk and control assessment of main business processes, and optimized the key risk indicator system.
It also carried forward the data quality governance of historical loss data across the Bank, strengthened the operational risk
system building of consolidated subsidiaries, and implemented new standardized approaches for the operational risk capital
measurement. It upgraded functions of its operational risk management system, conducted stricter risk screening on the
business stages highly prone to operational risk, and continuously enhanced the Bank-wide operational risk management.
Moreover, it made further endeavors to establish a robust risk management system for its outsourcing business, strengthened
the daily management and risk assessment of outsourcing affairs, and organized outsourcing audits and inspections, thus
effectively standardizing the risk management of cooperation with third parties. In addition, the Bank continuously built up
capacity for emergency response, improved contingency plans, and effectively ensured business continuity. In the meantime,
it also re-examined its business continuity management system and conducted assessment of information technology risks.
During the reporting period, the operational risk management system of the Bank operated stably, placing operational risk
under control in the overall sense.

2.8.8 Reputational Risk Management
Reputational risk mainly refers to the risk that damages the Bank’s brand value, adversely affects its normal operation and
even affects market and social stability due to negative evaluation of the Bank by stakeholders, the public and the media
resulted from the Bank’s behaviors, employees’ behaviors or external events.

During the reporting period, the Bank further improved its reputational risk management system in terms of governance
structure, whole-process management, routine development and supervision management. It also strengthened the
source management of reputational risk, and achieved progress in preparing contingency plans and mitigating risk by
identifying potential risk points and intensifying research, forecast and early warning. At the same time, the Bank organized
reputational risk management drills, and hence strengthened the capabilities of functional departments and branches for
controlling reputational risk and responding to public opinions. The Bank also continued to monitor public opinions on a
daily basis and actively addressed the concerns of the media and the public. During the reporting period, the Bank steadily
improved its reputational risk management and effectively maintained a good image and reputation.

2.8.9 Country Risk Management
Country risk refers to the risk of losses to the business or assets of the Bank in a country or region or other losses of the
Bank caused by the inability or refusal of the borrower or debtor in the country or region to repay the Bank’s debts due to
economic, political and social changes and events in the country or region.

During the reporting period, the Bank followed the principle of adaptation and continuous improvement in country risk
management. It gradually improved country risk management policies and procedures, and formulated concrete methods
and procedures based on its country risk management objectives, country risk exposure scale and business complexity, so
as to effectively identify, measure, monitor and control country risk, and promote the steady development of its business.
During the reporting period, in accordance with regulatory requirements and business strategies, the Bank continued to
improve the country risk management system, continuously assessed and monitored the trend of country risk changes, and
duly and appropriately reviewed and adjusted country risk ratings and limits. It strengthened the consolidated management
and exposure monitoring of country risk, and carried out stress tests on country risk, thus controlling country risk at an
acceptable level.




                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report     89
     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.8.10 Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
     The Bank deeply practiced the “risk-based” regulatory principle, continuously strengthened the AML internal control
     management and money laundering risk management, and comprehensively enhanced AML management in accordance
     with the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-Money Laundering, the Measures for the Administration of Anti-
     Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing by Banking Financial Institutions and the Guidelines for Risk Management
     Regarding Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing in Corporate Financial Institutions (Trial), as well as other laws and
     regulations regarding AML.

     The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management earnestly performed the Bank’s legal person
     AML responsibilities, gave full play to the role of the Anti-Money Laundering Work Leadership Group, continuously
     practiced an “all-employee, all-aspect and full-process” AML risk culture concept under the comprehensive risk management
     system, and urged the “three lines of defense” as well as the Head Office, branches and sub-branches to perform respective
     duties for AML. During the reporting period, the Bank optimized the AML authorization management mechanism,
     strengthened AML penetration management of its subsidiaries, and conducted the first self-assessment of institutions.
     It strengthened AML training for directors, supervisors, senior management members and employees at all levels, and
     organized four AML compliance campaigns on regulatory hotspots to fulfill its AML obligations as a commercial bank.
     It promoted AML subsequent supervision and data governance, conducted in-depth investigation of six key businesses,
     carried out six special subsequent supervisions of high-risk customers, and enhanced the ability of self-inspection and self-
     correction.

     During the reporting period, the Bank dynamically reviewed and revised ten internal control rules for AML, consolidated
     the AML internal control rule system comprising of “top-level policies, special policies and line-specific policies”, conducted
     449 times of AML review of “new policies, new products and new systems”, issued 1,709 review opinions, and gave full
     play to the value of AML review before the event. In terms of building the AML information system, during the reporting
     period, the Bank optimized 145 system functions, launched new functions in the list-based monitoring system, adjusted
     customer and product rating indicators, developed and upgraded 22 suspicious transaction monitoring modules, and hence
     improved the compliance of large-value transaction reporting.



        2.9 Material Investments, Material Acquisitions, Material Sales of Assets and
             Equity

     Except for the day-to-day businesses such as transfer of credit assets that were involved in its normal business operation,
     there was no other material investments, acquisitions, sales of assets and equity that took place in the reporting period.



        2.10 Outlook

     At present, the ever-changing external environment, including the macroeconomy and industry policies, brings rising
     challenges and expanding development opportunities to the banking sector.

     On the one hand, commercial banks face challenges in business development. Against the backdrop of volatile geopolitical
     situations, the world economy faces greater downside risks. The foundations of domestic economic recovery are not
     yet solid, the triple pressures of shrinking demand, disrupted supply and weakening expectations remain high, and
     the economic and social risk points are still frequent. Since last year, China’s real estate market has underperformed
     significantly, becoming a major factor affecting economic operation. In the near future, with the combined effect of
     real estate policies, the market is stable and predictable, but local credit risk remains a concern. The growth rate of local
     government debts has generally slowed down, but the amount of debts is still large. Impacted by frequent interest rate hikes
     by the US Federal Reserve and the central banks of other countries, continued Russia-Ukraine conflict and other adverse
     factors, some countries face even greater pressure of capital outflow and exchange depreciation. Therefore, close attention
     should be paid to the trends of stock market, bond market and foreign exchange market, to ensure that no major risks arise
     in the financial market.




90   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 2 Management Discussion and Analysis




On the other hand, there are new opportunities for commercial banks. In 2023, with “ensuring stable growth” becoming
a top priority of the three major tasks of “stabilizing growth, employment and prices”, and the combined effect of existing
and new policies, China will unleash greater economic momentum, the total social supply will be sufficient, and market
confidence will increase. Under such favorable conditions, the economy will recover at a faster rate on an upward trajectory.
Due to macro policies, especially the strengthened and more effective fiscal policy and the more targeted and powerful
monetary policy, a powerful synergy has been created for high-quality development. According to the proactive fiscal policy,
China will not only increase spending on existing and new infrastructure projects, but will also step up efforts in developing
the technology industry and new energy vehicles. In terms of economic aggregate, the monetary policy will maintain
steady and moderate credit growth. In terms of economic structure, the monetary policy will guide financial institutions
to support micro and small enterprises, technological innovation, green development etc. Efforts will be made to enhance
the interaction between supply and demand, so as to promote the supply-side structural reform and expansion of domestic
demand. On the supply side, China will build a modern industrial system, intensify manufacturing R&D and technological
transformation, support enterprises with specialized, sophisticated techniques and unique, novel products, and open up new
areas and new arenas such as new energy, artificial intelligence, biological manufacturing, green and low carbon, quantum
computing, etc. On the demand side, priority will be given to expanding domestic demand, especially the expansion of
consumption. With such efforts, there will be a more favorable business environment and broader development space for
banks.

In 2023, the Bank will focus on serving the real economy, follow the guidance of macro-control, implement national
strategies and credit policies, facilitate the expansion of domestic demand and supply-side structural reform, and promote
innovation-driven development. It will focus on high-quality development, accelerate capital-light transformation,
optimize customer structure, strengthen customer group management, and maintain stable asset quality. It will focus on
the economic momentum and vitality, deepen the reform of the organizational system, press ahead with the reform of
human resources mechanism, improve technology and digital empowerment, and continue to build three major capabilities.
Furthermore, the Bank will focus on the “Safe CITIC Bank” project, leverage the Bank’s advantages in Party building,
improve internal risk control and management, clarify the management responsibilities of all parties, and improve the
ability to resist and cope with various risks. With an expected asset growth rate of around 6%-8% for 2023, the Bank
aims to maintain steady and rapid growth of operating efficiency, steadily improve asset quality and achieve high-quality
development. Forward-looking statements such as future plans and development strategies involved in the above forecasts
do not constitute substantive commitments of the Bank to investors. Investors and related parties should have sufficient
awareness of risks in this regard, and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and commitments.



   2.11 Information about Structured Entities

For relevant information about structured entities beyond the scope of the Bank’s consolidated financial statements, please
refer to Note 59 to the financial report of this report.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     91
     Chapter 3 Corporate Governance

                                  3.1 Corporate Governance Structure

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Shareholders General Meeting




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Board of Supervisors



                                  Board of Directors Office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Board of Supervisors Office




                                                                                                                                     Strategic and                                                                                                                                                                                                    Audit and
                                                                                                                                      Sustainable                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk                                                                                                                                                Nomination and                                                                                                                                                                                                              Consumer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Related Party                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Supervision                                                                                                                                          Nomination
                                                                                                                                     Development                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Management                                                                                                                                              Remuneration                                                                                                                                                                                                            Rights Protection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Transactions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Committee                                                                                                                                           Committee
                                                                                                                                      Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Committee                                                                                                                                               Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Control Committee


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Senior Management




                                                                                                                                      Special Committee on Digital Transformation of Risk Management                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Private Banking Agency Business Decision-making Committee                                                           Post-investment Management Committee for Capital Market Equity Investment of Investment Banking                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Model Evaluation and Commendation Committee of the Head Office   Model Evaluation and Commendation Committee for Departments of the Head Office                                                            Tutor Group of Young Employees Study Team on Theoretical Research and Learning
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Internal Control and Compliance Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                Private Equity Fund Custody Business Review Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Senior Professional Title Recommendation Committee                                                                                                                                                     Staff Violations Handling Committee of the Head Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Digital Transformation Decision-Making Committee   Consumer Rights Protection Working Committee                               Credit Risk Warning Committee of the Head Office                                                                                                           Marketing Committee of Corporate Banking Sector
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Special Committee on Digital Transformation                                                                                                                                                                                        Credit Approval Committee of the Head Office                                                                                                                 Interbank Customer Marketing Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Non-performing Assets Disposal Committee
                                                                                               Risk and Internal Control Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Information Technology Committee                                                            Innovation Management Committee                                                                          Responsibility Identification Committee
     Brand Management Committee                                Asset and Liability Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Retail Business Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Data Management Committee   Confidentiality Committee
                                     Collaboration Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Procurement Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Safety Committee




                                  3.2 Overall Profile of Corporate Governance

     Sound corporate governance is the important cornerstone for the high-quality development of banks. During the reporting
     period, the Bank earnestly implemented the state’s decisions and plans as well as regulatory requirements, continuously
     improved its corporate governance system, and accelerated the enhancement of its corporate governance capacity, thereby
     improving its corporate governance efficiency in an all-round way. Through the integration of strengthening the Party’s
     leadership and establishing a modern enterprise system, the Bank further improved its corporate governance structure,
     system and mechanism to ensure the smooth coordination as well as checks and balances between governance bodies. The
     Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and their specialized committees operate according to specifications and
     effectively performed their functions. The channels for the directors and supervisors to perform their duties were further
     broadened, the methods for them to perform their duties were improved, and their capabilities of performing duties were
     further enhanced. Furthermore, the Bank attached great importance to the roles of independent directors and external
     supervisors, fully safeguarded their legal rights such as the right to know, and actively gave play to the incentive role of
     relevant mechanisms.




92   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The Board of Directors continued to strengthen its self-improvement, voluntarily accepted the supervision of the Board
of Supervisors and other parties, and leveraged on its role in strategic decision-making to fully support the development
of the real economy and reinforce the duty performance regarding risk prevention. It established and improved the whole-
journey strategic management system, and solidly facilitated the implementation of strategies according to the development
plan for 2021-2023 of the Bank. It deepened business transformation, continuously improved wealth management,
asset management and comprehensive financing, the three core business capabilities, enhanced the value of light-
capital transformation and development, and advanced the comprehensive upgrading of the Bank’s financial technology
empowerment, thereby making the business structure more coordinated and stable and improving the consumer rights
protection. The Bank actively pushed forward the financial supply-side structural reform, actively supported and integrated
a dual circulation into the domestic economic cycle and international economic cycle, fully supported the real economy,
and vigorously bolstered the development of key fields such as inclusive finance, green finance, manufacturing and rural
vitalization. In face of the complex and severe challenges brought by the external environment, the Board of Directors put
risk prevention and control in a very prominent position, strengthened the concept of prudent operation, and vigorously
pushed forward the reform of risk management system to improve the internal control and compliance management on all
fronts.

In accordance with the guiding ideology of “fulfilling the functions of the Board of Supervisors” and relevant laws,
regulations, regulatory requirements and the provisions in the Bank’s Articles of Association, the Board of Supervisors,
focusing on the Bank’s development plans and central tasks and based on the Bank’s legal position, responsibilities
and obligations, continuously innovated its working mechanism and actively increased the quality and effectiveness
of supervision. In doing so, it effectively protected the interests of the Bank, its shareholders, employees as well as the
society. During the reporting period, the Bank participated in the selection of the “2022 Best Practice Cases of the Board
of Supervisors of Public Companies” sponsored by China Association for Public Companies for the first time, and was
successfully included in the “List of Best Practice Cases of the Board of Supervisors of Public Companies”, which is the top
list of the event.

During the reporting period, the Bank arranged the directors, supervisors and the board secretary to participate in training
organized by external organizations such as the SSE and the CSRC Beijing Bureau, recording 31 person-times participation.
The Bank also carried out surveys of 9 person-times at its affiliates and subsidiaries, further improving its survey quality
and effectiveness.

There was no significant difference between the set-up and operation of the Bank’s corporate governance bodies and the
relevant requirements of the PRC Company Law, the CBIRC, the CSRC and the SEHK; neither were there major corporate
governance issues that the regulatory authorities required to resolve but remained outstanding.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     93
     Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




        3.3 Explanations on Independence from the Controlling Shareholder
             and de Facto Controller

     The controlling shareholder and de facto controller of the Bank conduct a series of measures in accordance with the
     relevant regulatory requirements to ensure that the Bank maintains its independence in terms of assets, personnel, finance,
     institutional set-up and business.

     In terms of assets, the Bank has the ownership of or right to use land, properties, trademarks, domain names and other
     intellectual property relating to its business operations, and none of its controlling shareholder and de facto controller or
     their related parties occupied or controlled the Bank’s assets.

     In terms of personnel, except that Mr. Fang Heying, President of the Bank, serves concurrently as Deputy General Manager
     of the Bank’s controlling shareholder, no other senior management member of the Bank held any administrative position
     other than director or supervisor in the controlling shareholder. The above-mentioned position of Mr. Fang Heying is
     assumed based on the approval of the Organization Department of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council
     and the overall arrangement of CITIC Group. In order to ensure that Mr. Fang Heying has sufficient energy to perform
     relevant duties at the Bank, his main duty at the controlling shareholder is to preside over the Bank’s overall work.

     In terms of finance, the Bank has an independent finance and accounting department, has established an independent
     finance and accounting system as well as financial management policies, makes independent financial decisions, sets up
     independent accounts in accordance with laws, and does not share accounts with controlling shareholder and de facto
     controller. Its controlling shareholder and de facto controller follow the same procedures and lawful requirements for
     opening accounts with the Bank as those for third parties, and their accounts are independent from the Bank’s funds and
     accounts.

     In terms of institutional set-up, the Bank has established the shareholders general meeting, the Board of Directors and the
     Board of Supervisors, and set up business departments and management departments based on its own needs in operation
     and management. The Bank independently exercises the functions and powers of operation and management, and has no
     mixed organization with the controlling shareholder and de facto controller.

     In terms of business, the Bank has a complete business system and the ability of independent operation to directly deal with
     the market, and independently engages in businesses within the approved business scope, without interference or control by
     its controlling shareholder or de facto controller. The completeness or independence of the Bank’s operational autonomy
     is not adversely affected by the related relationship with the controlling shareholder or de facto controller. During the
     reporting period, the controlling shareholder, de facto controller of the Bank and other entities controlled by them did not
     engage in the same or similar business as that of the Bank.




94   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                         Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




    3.4 Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares

To give investors reasonable return on investment and develop the stable expectation of investment returns, relevant
provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank lay down explicit dividend policy of ordinary shares including the
basis, principles, intervals, methods and conditions of profit distribution for ordinary shares, highlight cash distribution
as the Bank’s preferred distribution method, require that the minimum cash distribution proportion should be no less
than 10% of the net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank except for special circumstances and that the
amendment of profit distribution policy shall be valid after being brought in writing by the Board of Directors, reviewed
and approved by the independent directors, as well as approved by special resolution in the shareholders general meeting
whilst shareholders are offered an online voting platform for participation in voting for the proposals on distribution plans.
Through compliant and transparent procedures as well as comprehensive decision-making process, the profit distribution
policy of the Bank states definite criteria and proportion for profit distribution which fully protects legitimate rights and
interests of its minority investors, and meets the provisions set forth in the Articles of Association of the Bank.

The Bank has not distributed profit through transfer of capital reserve to share capital since its IPO. Cash dividend
distribution of ordinary shares of the Bank in the past three years is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                              Net profit
                                                                                                                          Attributable
                                                                                                                            to ordinary
                                                                                                                          shareholders
                                                                 Cash dividends                                         of the Bank as
                                                                every ten shares Total amount of                           indicated in
 Year for which dividends                                          (RMB yuan)     cash dividends                          consolidated                Distribution
 were distributed                                                      (pre-tax)        (pre-tax)                            statements                  ratio (Note)
 2019                                                                          2.390                     11,695                     46,685                   25.05%
 2020                                                                          2.540                     12,429                     45,970                   27.04%
 2021                                                                          3.020                     14,778                     52,631                   28.08%

Note:   Distribution ratio is the ratio of the total amount of cash dividends for the current period to the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank on
        the consolidated financial statements.


After-tax profit as shown in the Bank’s 2022 audited financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting
Standards and IFRS were RMB57.895 billion.

The Bank appropriated 10% of its after-tax profit as shown on the financial statements prepared in accordance with the
PRC Accounting Standards to the statutory surplus reserve, with the accrual thereof recording RMB5.790 billion, and
appropriated RMB2.476 billion to general reserve, namely 1.5% of the balance of risk assets as at the end of the reporting
period.




                                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report            95
     Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




     In comprehensive consideration of factors such as financial and capital position, the Bank plans to pay cash dividends to
     all ordinary shareholders as shown on the Bank’s register on the register date. Based on the total number of shares as at the
     register date, the cash dividends for A shares and H shares on the register will be RMB3.29 per 10 shares (tax-inclusive).
     With reference to the total number of A shares and H shares on the register as at 31 December 2022, the total cash
     dividends of 2022 for ordinary shareholders will be RMB16.100 billion39, accounting for 28.09% of the consolidated net
     profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank of the year 2022.

     It is planned that the Bank will maintain the dividends per share unchanged and adjust the total dividends when there is a
     change in the Bank’s total shares before the register date. These dividends shall be denominated and declared in Renminbi,
     and shall be paid to A shareholders in Renminbi and to H shareholders in Hong Kong dollar. The dividends to be paid in
     Hong Kong dollar shall be calculated in accordance with the average benchmark exchange rate of Renminbi to Hong Kong
     dollar as released by the PBOC one week preceding the convening of the 2022 Annual General Meeting (inclusive of the
     date of the general meeting). No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current year.
     Retained undistributed profit after dividend payment shall be carried forward to the next financial year and continue to
     be used to replenish the Bank’s capital so as to maintain reasonable capital adequacy ratio. The Bank recorded a 10.80%
     return on weighted average equity attributable to its ordinary shareholders in 2022 and is expected to maintain a certain
     level of return and contribution in 2023.

     This ordinary share profit distribution plan (“the Plan”) complies with relevant provisions of the Articles of Association
     of the Bank and follows clear criteria and proportions of dividend payment. After sufficient discussion and consideration
     at the meeting of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank, the
     Plan was submitted for deliberation at the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors convened on
     23 March 2023 and approved thereafter. And it shall be submitted to the 2022 Annual General Meeting for approval.
     It is expected that the Bank will pay the 2022 annual dividends to its ordinary shareholders within two months as of the
     adoption of the Plan by the general meeting. The Bank proposed to pay the 2022 annual dividends to H shareholders on
     20 July, 2023. Should there be any change thereof, the Bank will publish a separate announcement for disclosure. The
     record date and specific method of dividend payment to A shareholders shall be announced separately by the Bank.

     The Bank’s independent non-executive directors have performed their due responsibilities in the decision-making process of
     the Plan and expressed their independent opinion on the Plan as follows: The 2022 ordinary share profit distribution plan
     of the Bank is in compliance with relevant rules and requirements on annual profit distribution in laws, regulations and
     normative documents, consistent with the reality of the Bank, the need to safeguard the long-term healthy development
     of the Bank and has taken the overall interests of both the Bank and its shareholders, especially minority shareholders into
     consideration. We hereby endorse the Plan and agree to have the Plan submitted to the Annual General Meeting of the
     Bank for approval.

     When the Plan is submitted to the 2022 Annual General Meeting for approval, the Bank will, as required by relevant
     regulatory requirements, offer investors online voting facilities and disclose voting results in accordance with the
     shareholding percentages of the voting A shareholders. The shareholding percentages are placed in the three ranges of
     below 1%, 1-5%, and above 5%. The shareholders with less than 1% shareholding will be further classified into the
     two categories of above and below RMB500,000 market value of shareholdings, and their voting results shall be further
     disclosed accordingly. Minority investors have opportunities to fully express their opinions and appeals, and the compilation
     and implementation of this Plan fully protects their legitimate rights and interests.

     For details of the profit distribution plan of ordinary shares of the Bank, please refer to relevant announcement published
     on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on
     the disclosure date of this report.




     39	Since the convertible bonds issued by the Bank are in the conversion period, the total cash dividends of ordinary shares actually distributed will be determined
              based on the total share number as shown on the Bank’s register on the register date.




96   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




   3.5 Shareholders General Meeting

3.5.1 Shareholders General Meeting and Shareholders’ Rights
Responsibilities of the shareholders general meeting
The shareholders general meeting is the Bank’s organ of power. It is responsible for making decisions on the Bank’s
business guiding principles and investment plans; deliberating and approving the Bank’s annual financial budget plans, final
accounts plans, profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans; deliberating and approving the use of financing proceeds
for other than set purposes; electing and replacing directors as well as shareholder representative supervisors and external
supervisors, and deciding on the remunerations of directors and supervisors; deliberating and approving work reports of
the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors; producing resolutions on the Bank’s plan for increase or decrease of
registered capital; producing resolutions on the Bank’s plans for merger, division, dissolution, liquidation or change in the
corporate form of the Bank, issue of debt securities or other valuable securities for the purpose of capital replenishment
of the Bank as well as the listing thereof, and repurchase of the Bank’s ordinary shares; amending the Bank’s Articles of
Association; engaging and dismissing accounting firms and deciding on their remunerations or the ways to determine their
remunerations; deliberating proposals put forward by shareholders who individually or collectively hold more than 3% of
the voting shares of the Bank; deliberating matters involving major investments, purchase or disposal of major assets within
one year that exceed 10% of the audited net asset value of the Bank for the latest reporting period; deliberating share
incentive plans; deciding on or authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on matters relating to the issued preference
shares of the Bank, including but not limited to determining whether to repurchase, convert preference shares or pay
dividends; deliberating related party transactions that shall be reviewed and approved by the general meeting pursuant to
relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and the securities regulatory rules of the places where the Bank’s shares are
listed; and deliberating other matters that shall be decided by the shareholders general meeting in accordance with relevant
laws, administrative regulations, ministerial rules, requirements of the securities regulators at the places where the Bank’s
shares are listed and relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank.

Annual general meeting
The annual general meeting of the Bank provides an effective communication platform between the shareholders and the
Board of Directors. For the convening of a general meeting, the Bank shall issue a written notice 45 days prior to the date
of the meeting, informing all shareholders on record who are entitled to attend the meeting of the matters to be approved
as well as the date and venue of the meeting. Shareholders who intend to attend the meeting shall send their written reply
slips to the Bank 20 days before the date of the meeting. Directors, supervisors and the board secretary of the Bank shall
attend the annual general meeting, while President and other senior management members of the Bank shall be present at
the annual general meeting as non-voting attendees. Directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank
shall make explanations regarding inquiries and suggestions raised by shareholders at the meeting. Domestic and overseas
auditors engaged by the Bank shall also attend the annual general meeting as non-voting delegates and answer questions in
relation to external audit, audit reports and their contents, accounting policies and independence of auditors.

Unless otherwise provided for or arranged, shareholders of the Bank may vote by poll at the annual general meeting
according to domestic and overseas securities regulatory rules. Details of the voting procedure shall be explained to the
shareholders at the beginning of the meeting to ensure shareholders’ familiarity with such procedures.

Extraordinary general meeting
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Bank, extraordinary general meetings may be convened when
proposed by at least 50% of the independent directors or all external supervisors, the Board of Directors and the Board of
Supervisors, or upon written request of shareholders that individually or collectively hold more than 10% of the Bank’s
voting shares (actual numbers of shares shall be calculated as per the shareholdings of the requesting shareholders on the
date when such a written request is made). The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and ordinary shareholders
(including preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold more than 3% of the
Bank’s shares are entitled to present to the Bank their proposals for the general meeting.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     97
     Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




     Submitting proposals to the general meeting
     Ordinary shareholders (including preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold
     more than 3% of the Bank’s shares may produce their ad hoc proposals and submit them in writing to the convener of the
     general meeting 10 days prior to the date of the meeting. Within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, the convener
     shall issue supplementary notices for the general meeting to announce the contents of the ad hoc proposals and submit such
     proposals to the general meeting for approval.

     Convening of extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors
     Extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors may be convened when proposed by shareholders that represent more
     than 10% of the voting rights. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene and preside over an extraordinary
     board meeting within 10 days as of the receipt of the proposal made by the shareholders that represent more than 10% of
     the voting rights.

     Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
     To make inquiries to the Board of Directors, shareholders may contact the Board of Directors or the Bank via email
     to ir@citicbank.com or via other contacts as provided on the Bank’s website. The Bank has published all of its
     announcements, press releases and useful company information on its website to improve its information transparency.


     3.5.2 Convening of General Meetings
     During the reporting period, the Bank convened 1 annual general meeting, 2 extraordinary general meetings, 1 A
     shareholders class meeting and 1 H shareholders class meeting, where 42 proposals were adopted after approval. Relevant
     resolutions of these meetings were disclosed by the Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
     (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com).

     On 20 January 2022, the Bank held the 1st extraordinary general meeting of 2022 in Beijing. The Chairman and non-
     executive director of the Bank Mr. Zhu Hexin presided over the meeting. Some directors, supervisors and the board
     secretary attended the meeting, and some senior management members were present at the meeting as non-voting attendees.
     The meeting reviewed and adopted five proposals regarding the general authorization to issue capital bonds, the general
     authorization to issue financial bonds, the total annual budget for external donations and the plan on authorization of the
     general meeting to the Board of Directors of the Bank, the election of Mr. Liu Cheng as an executive Director of China
     CITIC Bank Corporation Limited for the 6th Session of the Board of Directors and the election of Mr. Liu Tsz Bun
     Bennett as an independent non-executive Director of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited for the 6th Session of the
     Board of Directors.

     On 23 June 2022, the Bank held the annual general meeting of 2021, the first A shareholders class meeting of 2022 and
     the first H shareholders class meeting of 2022 in Beijing. The Chairman and non-executive director of the Bank Mr. Zhu
     Hexin presided over the meeting. Other directors, some supervisors and the board secretary attended the annual general
     meeting and shareholders class meetings, and some senior management members were present at the meeting as non-
     voting attendees. The meeting reviewed and adopted 19 proposals regarding the 2021 Annual Report, 2021 final accounts,
     shareholders’ return plan for the years 2021-2023, 2021 profit distribution plan, 2022 financial budget plan, special report
     of related party transactions for 2021, report of the Board of Directors for 2021, report of the Board of Supervisors for
     2021, engagement of accounting firms and their fees for 2022, public issuance of securities by way of the rights issue,
     amendments to the Articles of Association, the Medium-term Capital Management Plan for the years 2022-2024 etc.
     Among the proposals, 8 proposals including the public issuance of securities by way of the rights issue and amendments to
     the Articles of Association were also reviewed and approved at the first A shareholders class meeting of 2022 and the first
     H shareholders class meeting of 2022.

     On 16 November 2022, the Bank held the 2nd extraordinary general meeting of 2022 in Beijing. The Chairman and
     non-executive director of the Bank Mr. Zhu Hexin presided over the meeting. Some directors, supervisors and the board
     secretary attended the meeting, and some senior management members were present at the meeting as non-voting attendees.
     The meeting reviewed and adopted 2 proposals regarding the amendments to the Administrative Measures on Equity and
     election of independent non-executive directors of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors.




98   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      3.6 Board of Directors

3.6.1 Composition and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is the decision-making body of the Bank. As at the disclosure date of this report, the 6th Session of
the Board of Directors comprised 11 members. As per the Articles of Association of the Bank, the principal responsibilities
of the Board of Directors include the following: to convene the general meeting and make work reports to the meeting;
to implement the resolutions adopted by the general meeting; to determine the development strategies, business plans and
investment proposals of the Bank; to prepare the annual financial budget and final accounts of the Bank; to prepare the
profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans of the Bank;, to determine the plans for major investment, major assets
acquisition and disposal and other major matters of the Bank in accordance with the Articles of Association and within
the scope of authorization of the general meeting; to prepare proposals for the amendments to the Bank’s Articles of
Association; to appoint or dismiss the President of the Bank and the board secretary and to determine matters relating to
their remuneration, awards and punishment; according to the nomination of the President, to appoint or dismiss the Vice
President, Business Directors and other senior management members who shall be appointed by the Board according to
regulatory requirements, and to determine matters relating to their remuneration, awards and punishment; to review and
establish the basic management rules and internal management structure of the Bank, etc. The Board of Directors should
listen to the opinions of the Bank’s Party Committee prior to making decisions on major issues of the Bank.

The Board of Directors of the Bank has completed self-assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its
internal control. Please refer to “Internal Control Assessment” in this chapter for details.


3.6.1.1 Members of the Board of Directors
Members of the Board of Directors of the Bank as of the disclosure date of this report are listed as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                             Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                                       remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                                      from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                                      Year-beginning       Year-end     the reporting period the Bank’s related
Name                 Position                                       Gender   Date of birth   Term of office                             shareholding   shareholding      (RMB10 thousand)        party (parties)
Zhu Hexin            Chairman, Non-executive Director               Male     Mar. 1968       Jun. 2021-Jun. 2024                                   0              0                        –                Yes
Fang Heying          Vice Chairman, Executive Director, President   Male     Jun. 1966       Sep. 2018-Jun. 2024                             715,000        915,000                        –                Yes
Cao Guoqiang         Non-executive Director                         Male     Dec. 1964       Sep. 2018-Jun. 2024                                   0              0                        –                Yes
Liu Cheng            Executive Director, Executive Vice President   Male     Dec. 1967       Mar. 2022-Jun. 2024                                   0        624,000                   202.70                 No
Guo Danghuai         Executive Director, Vice President             Male     May 1964        Sep. 2019-Jun. 2024                             636,000        636,000                   193.20                 No
Huang Fang           Non-executive Director                         Female   May 1973        Nov. 2016-Jun. 2024                                   0              0                        –                Yes
Wang Yankang         Non-executive Director                         Male     Mar. 1971       Apr. 2021-Jun. 2024                                   0              0                        –                Yes
He Cao               Independent Non-executive Director             Male     Sep. 1955       Jun. 2016-when the new Independent                    0              0                    30.00                 No
                                                                                                Non-executive Director takes office
Chen Lihua           Independent Non-executive Director             Female   Sep. 1962       Jun. 2016- when the new Independent                  0              0                   28.00                   No
                                                                                                Non-executive Director takes office
Qian Jun             Independent Non-executive Director             Male     Jul. 1970       Dec. 2016- when the new Independent                  0              0                   31.00                   No
                                                                                                Non-executive Director takes office
Liu Tsz Bun Bennett Independent Non-executive Director              Male     Dec. 1962       Jun. 2022-Jun. 2024                                  0              0                   14.99                   No

Notes: (1) The starting time of the terms of office of the re-elected/re-engaged directors listed above is the time of their respective initial appointment/engagement.
       (2) Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua and Mr. Qian Jun have respectively submitted letters of resignation to the Board of Directors because they have been serving as
           the Bank’s independent non-executive directors for six years. The resignation of the abovementioned three independent non-executive directors will take effect
           when the new independent non-executive directors elected by the Bank’s general meeting take office after their qualifications are approved by the CBIRC.
       (3) The final remunerations of the directors who receive remunerations from the Bank are still undergoing confirmation, and the remaining amounts will be
           disclosed upon completion of the confirmation process.
       (4) The non-executive directors (not including independent non-executive directors) receive no remuneration for director from the Bank.
       (5) Changes in shareholdings of directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank during the reporting period listed in Chapter 3 of this report
           were all attributed to shareholding increase in the secondary market. All of them held the Bank’s ordinary H shares, except that Mr. Wang Kang held the
           Bank’s ordinary A shares.


As the Board of Directors developed the Policy on Diversity of Board Members, the current session of the Board of Directors
consists of members of different genders, ages, cultures, educational backgrounds and professional experiences. Two of
the directors are female, making up 18% of the total. Therefore, the composition of the Board of Directors meets the
requirement of diversity.

As at the end of the reporting period, none of the incumbent directors during the reporting period was subject to penalties
imposed by the securities regulatory authorities in the past three years.

                                                                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report                99
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      3.6.1.2 Resumes of Directors




      Mr. Zhu Hexin                                Mr. Fang Heying                              Mr. Cao Guoqiang
      Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality

      Chairman and non-executive director Secretary of the Party committee, Non-executive director of the Bank. Mr.
      of the Bank. Mr. Zhu has served as the Vice Chairman, executive director and Cao has served as chief financial officer
      secretary of the Party committee and President of the Bank. Mr. Fang has of CITIC Limited since April 2018 and
      chairman of CITIC Group Corporation served as deputy general manager of director and deputy general manager
      Limited, and the chairman of CITIC CITIC Group Corporation Limited, of CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd
      L i m i t e d a n d C I T I C C o r p o r a t i o n deputy general manager and member since March 2022. He is concurrently a
      Limited since March 2020, and is of the executive committee of CITIC director of CITIC Agriculture Limited
      concurrently the chairman of CITIC Limited, and deputy general manager and CITIC Myanmar (Hong Kong)
      M y a n m a r ( H o n g K o n g ) H o l d i n g of CITIC Corporation Limited since Holdings Limited. Mr. Cao used to be
      Limited and CITIC Group (Myanmar) D e c e m b e r 2 0 2 0 , a n d a s a P a r t y a deputy chief staff member and deputy
      Co., Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Zhu committee member of CITIC Group section chief of the planning and
      successively served as the vice president Corporation Limited since November treasury division of the PBOC Shaanxi
      of the Bank of Communications of 2020. Mr. Fang is concurrently a branch; assistant general manager,
      China, the executive director and vice d i r e c t o r o f C I T I C I n t e r n a t i o n a l deputy general manager and general
      president of Bank of China, the vice Financial Holdings Limited and CITIC manager of the planning and treasury
      governor of Sichuan Province, and Bank International Limited. Prior to department at the Head Office of
      the Deputy Governor of the People’s that, Mr. Fang was president of the China Merchants Bank (CMB); general
      Bank of China. Mr. Zhu has nearly Bank’s Suzhou Branch, president of manager of the Budget and Finance
      thirty years’ work experience in finance the Bank’s Hangzhou Branch, and D e p a r t m e n t o f t h e H e a d O f f i c e ,
      with rich theoretical knowledge and head of the Bank’s financial markets assistant president, vice president and
      has accumulated extensive practical business, vice president and Chief chairman of the Board of Supervisors
      experience. Mr. Zhu graduated from Financial Officer of the Bank. He was of the Bank; and general manager of
      Shanghai University of Finance and a teacher at Zhejiang Banking School, the Finance Department of CITIC
      Economics with a bachelor’s degree of assistant general manager of the credit Group Corporation Limited. Mr. Cao
      engineering in economic information department of the experimental urban has over 30 years’ experience in the
      management system. Mr. Zhu is a credit cooperative of Zhejiang Banking Chinese banking industry. He graduated
      senior economist.                                   School. Mr. Fang has 30 years of f r o m H u n a n C o l l e g e o f F i n a n c e
                                                          experience in the Chinese banking and Economics (currently Hunan
                                                          industry. He graduated from Hunan University) with a bachelor’s degree
                                                          College of Finance and Economics in monetary banking and obtained his
                                                          (currently Hunan University) and master’s degree in monetary banking
                                                          attained with a master’s degree in from Shaanxi College of Finance and
                                                          business administration for senior Economics (currently Xi’an Jiaotong
                                                          management member from Peking University). He is a senior economist.
                                                          University. He is a senior economist.




100   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                 Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




Mr. Liu Cheng                               Mr. Guo Danghuai                            Ms. Huang Fang
Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

D e p u t y S e c r e t a r y o f t h e P a r t y Party Committee member, executive Non-executive director of the Bank. Ms.
Committee, executive director and director and Vice President of the Huang has served as a director of Xinhu
Executive Vice President of the Bank. Bank. He is concurrently the chairman Zhongbao Co., Ltd. since November
Mr. Liu is concurrently a director o f C I T I C W e a l t h M a n a g e m e n t 2015, a director of Zhejiang Xinhu
of CITIC International Financial Corporation Limited, CITIC Bank Group Co., Ltd. since August 2013,
H o l d i n g s L i m i t e d , C N C B ( H o n g International Limited and CITIC and vice president and chief financial
Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. and Asian I n t e r n a t i o n a l A s s e t s M a n a g e m e n t officer of Zhejiang Xinhu Group Co.,
Financial Cooperation Association L i m i t e d , a d i r e c t o r o f C I T I C Ltd. since July 2011. Previously, Ms.
(AFCA). He used to be a teacher at I n t e r n a t i o n a l F i n a n c i a l H o l d i n g s Huang worked at Agricultural Bank of
the Finance Department of the Central Limited (concurrently performing duties China (ABC) where she successively
College of Finance and Economics of CEO), and a director of CNCB (Hong served as deputy general manager of the
(now Central University of Finance and Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. and CITIC international business department at
Economics), and had been working in aiBank Corporation Limited. Previously, the Zhejiang Provincial Branch business
the National Development and Reform Mr. Guo was vice president of Beijing department, deputy general manager
Commission and the General Office of Branch, president of Shenyang Branch, (presiding) of Hangzhou Baojiao sub-
the State Council. He was the chairman president of Tianjin Branch, general branch, deputy general manager of the
of the Board of Supervisors of the manager of Business Department of corporate banking unit at the Zhejiang
Bank from April 2018 to November Head Office (currently Beijing Branch), Provincial Branch business department,
2021. Mr. Liu has rich experience in g e n e r a l m a n a g e r o f I n t e r n a t i o n a l deputy general manager (presiding)
development, reform and finance. He Business Department, and assistant and general manager of the personal
graduated from the Finance Department president and chief audit officer of finance unit at the Zhejiang Provincial
of the Central College of Finance and the Bank. Mr. Guo has over 30 years Branch business department; and was
Economics, and the School of Finance of work experience in the banking vice president and chief financial officer
at Renmin University of China. He industry. He graduated from Peking of Xinhu Holdings Limited. Ms. Huang
obtained a bachelor’s degree, a master’s University with a master’s degree in graduated from Zhejiang University
d e g r e e a n d a d o c t o r a l d e g r e e i n business administration. He is a senior with a bachelor’s degree in law. She is
economics and is a research fellow.                 economist.                                 an intermediate economist.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report      101
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      Mr. Wang Yankang                             Mr. He Cao                                   Ms. Chen Lihua
      Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality

      Non-executive director of the Bank. Independent non-executive director of Independent non-executive director of
                                                                                                the Bank. Ms. Chen is a professor and
      Mr. Wang has served as chief of State- the Bank. Mr. He used to be chairman, Ph.D. tutor of the Management Science
      owned Assets Management Division e x e c u t i v e d i r e c t o r a n d C E O o f and Information System Department of
      of the Financial Management and Franshion Properties (China) Co., Ltd., Guanghua School of Management at Peking
      S u p e r v i s i o n D e p a r t m e n t ( A u d i t chairman of Jinmao Investment and University,   and also an executive director
                                                                                                of the Center for Research of Circulation
      Department) of the State Tobacco Jinmao (China) Investment Holding E c o n o m y a n d M a n a g e m e n t , d i r e c t o r
      Monopoly Administration since August Co., Ltd., president, vice chairman and of Liantai Supply Chain Research and
      2016. Previously, he worked at the chairman of China Jinmao (Group) Development Center, and deputy dean of
                                                                                                the China National Institute for Research of
      Financial Management and Supervision Co., Ltd. and Assistant President of Development Strategy on Hi-Tech Industry
      D e p a r t m e n t ( A u d i t D e p a r t m e n t ) Sinochem Corporation (regarded as a Development Zone of Peking University. In
      o f t h e S t a t e T o b a c c o M o n o p o l y vice president of Sinochem from 2013 addition, she is vice president of the China
                                                                                                Society of Logistics, director of the Supply
      Administration where he successively onward). Previously, Mr. He once Chain and Logistics Committee of the China
      served as cadre, deputy chief staff served as co-chair of the “China Hotel Management Science Society, an expert with
      member, and chief staff member of Owner Alliance” under the China Hotel special contribution to the logistics industry
      the Audit Division; deputy chief of the Industry Association, and vice president over the 40 years of China’s reform and
                                                                                                opening-up, a core expert in the National
      First Audit Division; deputy chief of of the All-China Real Estate Chamber Strategy Research Group for Supply Chain
      the State- owned Assets Management of Commerce. In addition, he was a Innovation and Application, and an expert
      Division; and consultant and deputy delegate to the 12th and 13th sessions on national high-tech zones engaged by the
                                                                                                Ministry of Science and Technology. Ms.
      c h i e f o f t h e S t a t e - o w n e d A s s e t s of the Shanghai Municipal People’s Chen is currently an independent director of
      Management Division. He was once Congress and was named Shanghai’s Zhongrong Fund Management Co., Ltd. She
      temporarily appointed as the deputy model worker and one of the economic used to be general manager of Beijing Jun
      county chief of Yunxi County, Hubei figures in Shanghai Pudong’s 20-year Shi                   Century Information Technology Co.,
                                                                                                Ltd., and an independent director of Tiger,
      Province. Prior to that, Mr. Wang development and opening-up. Mr. He a Singaporean listed company. She received
      worked at the Finance Department of graduated from Renmin University of a Bachelor of Science degree and a Master
      Tsinghua University and was assigned China with a degree in economics, and of Science degree from Jilin University of
                                                                                                Technology, got her doctoral degree in
      by the National Audit Office to the from the Graduate School of Political management science from the City University
      Audit Bureau of the State Tobacco Economics in Jilin University, and of Hong Kong, and did her post-doctoral
      Monopoly Administration. Mr. Wang obtained his MBA from the China studies at the Institute of Mathematics and
                                                                                                Systems Science of the Chinese Academy of
      graduated from Renmin University Europe International Business School. Sciences. In her capacity as leader or research
      of China with a bachelor’s degree in He is a senior economist.                            backbone, Ms. Chen has participated in
      accounting, and obtained a master’s                                                       numerous international cooperation projects
      degree in accounting from Beijing                                                         and key research and development projects
                                                                                                sponsored by the National Natural Science
      Technology and Business University.                                                       Foundation, ministries and provincial
      He is a senior accountant.                                                                governments in China. She also sits on the
                                                                                                review and assessment panels of multiple
                                                                                                domestic and foreign academic journals,
                                                                                                and has published numerous papers on
                                                                                                prestigious international publications.



102   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                               Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




Mr. Qian Jun                                       Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett
Chinese Nationality                                Chinese Nationality (Hong Kong)
Independent non-executive director of the Independent non-executive director
Bank. Mr. Qian is a professor of finance
and executive dean of Fanhai International o f t h e B a n k . M r . L i u i s n o w a n
School of Finance at Fudan University, a honorary consultant of the Hong Kong
director of Fudan University Committee of Business Accountants Association,
China National Democratic Construction
Association, a research fellow at the Wharton
                                                                an independent director of Shenzhen
School of the University of Pennsylvania WeBank Co., Ltd and chairman of the
and an associate editor of Frontiers of audit committee of its board of directors
E c o n o m i c s i n C h i n a , a n i n t e r n a t i o n a l and an independent director of Ping An
academic journal. Previously, Mr. Qian was
a lifetime professor of finance at the Carroll Insurance (Group) Company of China,
School of Management of Boston College, Ltd. He used to be an accounting
a visiting associate professor at MIT’s consulting expert of the Ministry of
Sloan School of Management, a special-
term professor of finance at the School of Finance of China and a Hong Kong
Economics and Management of Tsinghua member of the Tianjin Municipal
University, a special-term professor, professor Committee of the Chinese People’s
and Ph.D. tutor, co-director of the EMBA Political Consultative Conference. Mr.
program, and co-director of the EMBA/
DBA/EE program at Shanghai Advanced Liu had served as a managing partner
Institute of Finance (SAIF) of Shanghai of audit of KPMG Huazhen LLP
Jiao Tong University, deputy dean of the China, a managing partner of audit
China Academy of Financial Research of
Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and an of KPMG Asia Pacific, a chairman of
associate editor of Review of Finance, an KPMG China and a senior advisor of
international academic journal. Mr. Qian KPMG Hong Kong. Mr. Liu graduated
obtained his B.S. degree from the University
of Iowa and his Ph.D. from the University
                                                                from the London School of Economics
of Pennsylvania, and did his undergraduate and Political Science with a bachelor’s
program at the Department of International degree in economics. He has the
Economics of Fudan University. Mr. Qian’s chartered accountant qualification in
research interests span many topics of
theoretical and empirical corporate finance England and Wales as well as the Hong
and financial systems, including commercial Kong Institute of Certified Public
and investment banking, mutual and hedge Accountants senior fellowship.
funds, credit rating agencies, mergers and
acquisitions, legal systems related to finance,
comparison of financial systems in emerging
markets, development of financial systems
during China’s economic transformation,
and financial risk prevention and control.
He published multiple research papers on
top academic journals, and contributed
chapters of several books on financial system
development. His recently finished books
include Power of China’s Finance.




                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   103
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      3.6.1.3 Appointment, Resignation and Dismissal of Directors
      On 20 January 2022, the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2022 of the Bank elected Mr. Liu Cheng as an executive
      director and Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as an independent non-executive director of the 6th Session of the Board of
      Directors of the Bank. Upon the approval by the CBIRC, Mr. Liu Cheng began to serve as executive director of the 6th
      Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank as of 28 March 2022, and Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett began to serve as
      independent non-executive director of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank as of 24 June 2022.

      Working as the Bank’s independent non-executive directors for six years, Mr. He Cao and Ms. Chen Lihua, on 28
      June 2022, and Mr. Qian Jun, on 26 December 2022, respectively resigned from the Board of Directors as the Bank’s
      independent non-executive directors and relevant positions at the special committees under the Board of Directors. As the
      resignation of the abovementioned three independent non-executive directors will cause the proportion of independent
      non-executive directors in the Board of Directors to be less than one third, the resignation of Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen
      Lihua and Mr. Qian Jun will take effect when the new independent non-executive directors elected by the Bank’s annual
      meeting take office after their qualifications are approved by the CBIRC. Prior to that, Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua and
      Mr. Qian Jun will continue to perform their duties as the Bank’s independent non-executive directors and members of the
      special committees under the Board of Directors in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements and
      the provisions in the Bank’s Articles of Association.

      On 16 November 2022, the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2022 of the Bank elected Mr. Zhou Bowen and Mr.
      Wang Huacheng as independent non-executive directors of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank. The
      qualifications of Mr. Zhou Bowen and Mr. Wang Huacheng as independent non-executive directors are to be reviewed and
      approved by the regulatory authorities.


      3.6.2 Information on Work of the Board of Directors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors convened 15 meetings (including 14 on-site meetings and 1 meeting
      via written resolutions). At the meetings, the Board of Directors deliberated and adopted 97 proposals, including the
      2021 Annual Report, 2021 Profit Distribution Plan, 2022 Business Plan, 2022 Financial Budget Plan, 2021 Sustainable
      Development Report, 2022 Audit Plan, Development Plan for Tier-two Branches in 2022, Report for the First Quarter of
      2022, 2022 Interim Report, Report for the Third Quarter of 2022, amendment to the information disclosure management
      measures and supporting rules, amendment to the Articles of Association, nomination of Mr. Zhou Bowen and Mr. Wang
      Huacheng as candidates for independent non-executive directors of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of China
      CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, amendment to the Management Measures for Asset Impairment of China CITIC Bank,
      and formulation of the Management Measures for Implementation of the Expected Credit Loss Method of China CITIC Bank.
      In addition, the Board of Directors listened to 42 presentations respectively regarding the reports on operating results of
      the Bank in 2021 and each quarter of 2022, reports on comprehensive risk management in 2021 and each quarter of 2022,
      reports on internal control & compliance and anti-money laundering in 2021 and the first half year of 2022, report on
      consumer rights protection in 2021 and the first half of 2022, report on outsourcing risk assessment in 2021, development
      of inclusive finance in 2021 and work plan for 2022, innovations of the Bank in 2021, regulatory circular and rectification
      in 2021, rectification of problems identified in audits in 2021-2022, etc. In accordance with regulatory requirements and
      the Articles of Association of the Bank, relevant significant events were all submitted to the on-site Board meetings for
      deliberation. Matters requiring voting by written resolutions and eligible for the same as per laws, regulations and the
      Articles of Association of the Bank were deliberated at the meetings for voting by written resolutions.

      The resolutions of the Board meetings have been published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
      (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank(www.citicbank.com).




104   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The attendance records of the directors of the Bank at the Board meetings in the reporting period are set out in the table
below:

                                            In-person attendance/       Attendance by proxy/     Attendance of general
                                              number of meetings         number of meetings        meetings/number of
                                                    during his or              during his or     meetings during his or
 Directors                                             her tenure                 her tenure                her tenure
 Zhu Hexin                                                   11/15                       4/15                         5/5
 Fang Heying                                                 15/15                       0/15                         5/5
 Cao Guoqiang                                                14/15                       1/15                         4/5
 Liu Cheng                                                   10/12                       2/12                         4/4
 Guo Danghuai                                                14/15                       1/15                         5/5
 Huang Fang                                                  15/15                       0/15                         5/5
 Wang Yankang                                                15/15                       0/15                         5/5
 He Cao                                                      15/15                       0/15                         4/5
 Chen Lihua                                                  14/15                       1/15                         4/5
 Qian Jun                                                    12/15                       3/15                         5/5
 Liu Tsz Bun Bennett                                           9/9                        0/9                         1/1

During the reporting period, none of the Bank’s directors raised any objection to the resolutions of the Board of Directors
or its special committees of the Bank. During the meetings and the periods when the meetings were not in session,
directors of the Bank put forward numbers of advice and suggestions, which were all adopted or responded to by the Bank.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Bank’s Board of Directors examined the qualifications of
the nominated directors in terms of their independence, expertise, experience and competence, to ensure the Board of
Directors to work efficiently and make scientific decisions. Comprising more than one-third of the members of the Board
of Directors, the Bank’s independent non-executive directors have no business or financial interest in the Bank or its
subsidiaries, nor assume any management posts in the Bank. That ensures their independent status.


3.6.3 Special Committees under the Board of Directors
There are 5 special committees under the Board of Directors, namely the Strategic and Sustainable Development
Committee, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Consumer Rights Protection Committee.


3.6.3.1 Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee
On 29 April 2022, upon review and approval at the meeting of the Board of Directors, the former “Strategic Development
Committee of the Board of Directors” was renamed the “Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the
Board of Directors”, and the relevant responsibilities of environmental, social and governance (ESG) were added to the
Committee’s rules of procedures.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors of
the Bank comprised 5 directors, with the Chairman and non-executive director Mr. Zhu Hexin as committee chairman,
and Vice Chairman and executive director Mr. Fang Heying, non-executive director Mr. Cao Guoqiang, executive director
Mr. Liu Cheng and independent non-executive director Mr. Qian Jun as committee members. Its principal responsibilities
include: to study the Bank’s operation and management targets, long-term development strategies, and special strategic
development plans respectively regarding human resources, information technology development and other areas, and
make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors; to study proposals on major cooperation, investment, financing,
and merger and acquisition, and make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors; to supervise and examine
the implementation of annual business plans and investment proposals as authorized by the Board of Directors; and
to coordinate and promote the ESG system building, review the ESG-related work reports, and press ahead with the
implementation of other ESG-related work as required by regulatory authorities.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report    105
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      During the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee convened 8 meetings40 in total. At
      the meetings, it deliberated and adopted 24 proposals, including the shareholder return plan for 2021-2023, 2021 profit
      distribution plan, 2021 business plan, report on shareholder equity management in 2021, 2022 work plan of the Strategic
      Development Committee41 of the Board of Directors, medium-term capital management plan for 2022-2024, data strategy
      plan, name change of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors and addition of ESG coordination
      responsibilities. In addition, it listened to 3 presentations regarding the evaluation report on plan implementation in 2021,
      development of inclusive finance in 2021 and 2022 work plan, and put forward suggestions on relevant topics.

      The attendance records of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee members at the committee meetings
      during the reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                 In-person attendance/              Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                                   number of meetings                number of meetings
                                                                                                         during his or                     during his or
       Members                                                                                              her tenure                        her tenure
       Zhu Hexin                                                                                                          8/8                               0/8
       Fang Heying                                                                                                        8/8                               0/8
       Cao Guoqiang                                                                                                       7/8                               1/8
       Liu Cheng                                                                                                          3/4                               1/4
       Qian Jun                                                                                                           7/8                               1/8


      3.6.3.2 Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of
      Directors of the Bank comprised 5 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. He Cao as chairman, and non-
      executive director Mr. Wang Yankang and independent non-executive directors Ms. Chen Lihua, Mr. Qian Jun and Mr.
      Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as members. The principal responsibilities of the committee include the following: to inspect the risk
      profile and compliance status, accounting policies and practices, financial reporting procedures and financial position of
      the Bank; to review the Bank’s regulations on financial monitoring, internal control and risk management; and to study
      the regulations on related party transactions, make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors, and supervise the
      implementation of such regulations.

      During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened 15 meetings42 in
      total, where it deliberated and adopted 33 proposals including the 2021 Annual Report, Report for the First Quarter of 2022,
      2022 Interim Report, Report for the Third Quarter of 2022, special report of related party transactions for 2021, report on
      internal control assessment in 2021, 2022 work plan of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee
      of the Board of Directors, amendment to the information disclosure management measures and supporting policies, and
      performance evaluation of audit quality in 2022. It also listened to 11 presentations regarding the reports on operating
      results of the Bank in 2021 and each quarter of 2022, reports on internal control & compliance and anti-money laundering
      in 2021 and the first half year of 2022 and report on the effectiveness of audit work in 2022, rectification of problems
      identified in audits in 2021-2022, etc. and put forward suggestions on relevant topics protectively performing its role in
      supervision.




      40	During the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee held meetings on 20 January, 22 March, 24 March, 29 April, 17 June, 25
              August, 1 December and 22 December.
      41	This special committee of the Board of Directors was renamed the “Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors”, the same
              below.
      42	During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee held meetings on 19 January, 21 March, 27 April, 26 May, 16 June,
              28 June, 26 July, 15 August, 23 August, 27 September, 26 October, 7 November, 30 November, 21 December and 30 December.




106   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                              Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The attendance records of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee members at the committee
meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                        In-person attendance/             Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                          number of meetings               number of meetings
                                                                                                during his or                    during his or
 Members                                                                                           her tenure                       her tenure
 He Cao                                                                                                      15/15                              0/15
 Wang Yankang                                                                                                15/15                              0/15
 Chen Lihua                                                                                                  14/15                              1/15
 Qian Jun                                                                                                    13/15                              2/15
 Liu Tsz Bun Bennett                                                                                           9/9                               0/9

During the preparation and audit of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
Committee reviewed the audit time frame and progress schedule of the external auditors and checked on and supervised
external auditors’ work by means of listening to presentations and arranging symposiums. The committee reviewed the
Bank’s financial statements twice. In addition, the committee carried out multiple rounds of adequate communication
with the CPAs responsible for the annual audit. The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened
a meeting on 21 March 2023, and was of the opinion that the financial statements of the Bank gave a true, accurate and
complete view of the overall situation of the Bank. The Audit and Related Party Transaction Control Committee reviewed
the external auditor’s summary report on annual audit and comprehensively and objectively assessed the performance and
professionalism of the annual audit assignment.


3.6.3.3 Risk Management Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank comprised 6
directors, with Vice Chairman and executive director Mr. Fang Heying as chairman, and executive directors Mr. Liu Cheng
and Mr. Guo Danghuai, independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao, Mr. Qian Jun and Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett
as members. The principal responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the senior management’s
controls of credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, operational risk, compliance risk,
money laundering risk, reputational risk, etc. (the above-mentioned risks refer to the material potential risks that cause
direct or indirect economic losses or other losses to the Bank and may cause economic losses or other losses to the Bank
in the future); to evaluate risk preference, credit policy, policies on management of liquidity risk, market risk, interest rate
risk in the banking book, operational risk, compliance risk, money laundering risk and reputational risk, lawfulness and
compliance of business operation, fraud prevention management, risk management profile and risk tolerance of the Bank
on a regular basis, and to advise the Board of Directors on how to improve risk management and internal control of the
Bank; to review the proposals on risk management submitted to the Board of Directors for review according to the Bank’s
overall strategies, and make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors.

During the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee convened 7 meetings43. At the meetings, it deliberated
and adopted 18 proposals, including the 2021 Report on Assessment of Internal Capital Adequacy, 2021 Report on
Management of Capital Adequacy Ratios, 2021 Capital Adequacy Ratio Information Disclosure Report, details of
disposed assets in existing wealth management business under the “one policy for one branch” strategy, 2022 Work Plan
of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, and 2022 Risk Preference Statement. It also listened to
26 presentations regarding the reports on comprehensive risk management in 2021 and each quarter of 2022, reports
on internal control & compliance and anti-money laundering in 2021 and half year of 2022, report on data governance
in 2021, reports on the management of interest rate risk in the banking book in 2021 and half year of 2022, report on
outsourcing risk assessment in 2021, report on innovations of the Bank in 2021, regulatory circular and rectification in
2021, and put forward suggestions on relevant topics.




43	During the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee held meetings on 19 January, 18 March, 22 April, 23 August, 25 October, 1 December and 21
        December.




                                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report         107
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      The attendance records of the Risk Management Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting
      period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                           In-person attendance/           Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                             number of meetings             number of meetings
                                                                                                   during his or                  during his or
       Members                                                                                        her tenure                     her tenure
       Fang Heying                                                                                                5/7                             2/7
       Liu Cheng                                                                                                  3/4                             1/4
       Guo Danghuai                                                                                               7/7                             0/7
       He Cao                                                                                                     7/7                             0/7
       Qian Jun                                                                                                   5/7                             2/7
       Liu Tsz Bun Bennett                                                                                        4/4                             0/4


      3.6.3.4 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank
      comprised 4 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. Qian Jun as chairman, and non-executive director
      Ms. Huang Fang and independent non-executive directors Ms. Chen Lihua and Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as members.
      The principal responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are the following: to assist the Board of
      Directors in formulating the procedures and standards for selecting and appointing board directors and senior management
      members; to advise the Board of Directors on independent director candidates; to deliberate the remuneration management
      rules and policies of the Bank; to formulate the performance evaluation methods and remuneration schemes for directors
      and senior management members, and to make recommendations on the remuneration schemes to the Board of Directors
      and supervise the implementation of such schemes.

      During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee convened 7 meetings44. At the meetings, it
      deliberated and adopted 14 proposals, including the appointment of Mr. Cheng Pusheng as general manager of the Audit
      Department, Report of the Board of Directors on the Duty Performance of Directors in 2021, 2022 Work Plan of the
      Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors, appointment of Mr. Liu Cheng as a member of
      the Strategic Development Committee and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, appointment of Mr.
      Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as a member of the Risk Management Committee and Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
      Committee of the Board of Directors, nomination of Mr. Zhou Bowen and Mr. Wang Huacheng as a candidate for
      independent non-executive director of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank, and put forward suggestions
      on relevant topics.

      The Bank believes that the diversity of board members is conducive to enhancing its operational quality and is a key factor
      in attaining strategic goals, maintaining competitive advantages and achieving sustainable development. In setting the
      composition of the board membership, the Bank considers the diversity of board members in a number of ways, including
      but not limited to talent, skill, knowledge, industry experience and expertise, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender,
      age and ethnicity. The appointment of all board members should be made after comprehensive consideration of the talents,
      skills, knowledge, experiences, cultural and educational backgrounds required for the overall operation of the Board of
      Directors.

      When reviewing candidates for board directorship and making recommendations to the Board of Directors, the Nomination
      and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors will consider candidates based on their respective objective
      conditions, and consider the benefits of board member diversity in all aspects, taking into comprehensive account of the
      talents, skills, knowledge, experiences, cultural and educational backgrounds of board members. At any given time, the
      Nomination and Remuneration Committee may recommend the Board of Directors to seek improvement to its diversity in
      one or more aspects in order to maintain an appropriate and balanced composition of the Board of Directors in the light of
      the Bank’s business development.




      44	During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held meetings on 19 January, 18 March, 27 April, 28 June, 23 August, 27
              September and 25 October.




108   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                              Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The attendance records of the Nomination and Remunerations Committee members at the committee meetings during the
reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                         In-person attendance/         Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                           number of meetings           number of meetings
                                                                                                 during his or                during his or
 Members                                                                                            her tenure                   her tenure
 Qian Jun                                                                                                        6/7                    1/7
 Huang Fang                                                                                                      7/7                    0/7
 Chen Lihua                                                                                                      6/7                    1/7
 Liu Tsz Bun Bennett                                                                                             3/3                    0/3

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee studied and reviewed the remuneration
scheme for the Bank’s senior management, and supervised its implementation. The committee was of the view that
the senior management of the Bank performed its fiduciary duties and due diligence, resolutely implemented the plans
and decisions of the CPC Central Committee and the central government as well as regulators’ requirements, pursued
development amid transformation, maintained stable progress in operating results, and achieved sound development in
2022, within its scope of mandate as specified in relevant laws and regulations and the Bank’s Articles of Association,
and as guided and authorized by the Board of Directors and supervised by the Board of Supervisors. Upon review, the
committee held that the remunerations for directors, supervisors and senior management members as disclosed by the Bank
were consistent with relevant remuneration policies and schemes and in compliance with applicable information disclosure
standards required for listed issuers by domestic and overseas regulators. The committee confirmed that the Bank did not
have any share incentive scheme, employee stock ownership plan or other employee incentive measures in effect as at the
end of the reporting period.

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee performed the nomination procedure for
directors and senior management members in line with its rules of procedures, including: reviewing the qualifications of the
nominated candidates for directors and senior management members in terms of their independence, expertise, experiences
and capabilities; reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including skills, knowledge and
experience) at least on an annual basis; and making recommendations on any proposed changes regarding the Board of
Directors to match the Bank’s development strategy.


3.6.3.5 Consumer Rights Protection Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank
comprised 4 directors, with non-executive director Ms. Huang Fang as chairperson, and non-executive director Mr.
Wang Yankang and independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao and Ms. Chen Lihua as members. The principal
responsibilities of the committee include the following: to formulate the Bank’s strategies, policies and objectives on
consumer rights protection work; to urge the senior management to effectively implement and practice relevant work
of consumer rights protection; and to supervise and assess the Bank’s consumer rights protection work regarding its
comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness as well as the duty performance of the senior management.

During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee convened 2 meetings 45 At the meetings, it
deliberated and adopted the proposal on the 2022 Work Plan of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the
Board of Directors, listened to 2 presentations regarding the report on consumer rights protection work in 2021, the work
plan of consumer rights protection in 2022 and the report on consumer rights protection work in the first half of 2022,
and put forward suggestions on relevant topics.




45	During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee held meetings on 18 March and 23 August.




                                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   109
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      The attendance records of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee members at the committee meetings during the
      reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                              In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                number of meetings        number of meetings
                                                                                      during his or             during his or
          Members                                                                        her tenure                her tenure
          Huang Fang                                                                             2/2                         0/2
          Wang Yankang                                                                           2/2                         0/2
          He Cao                                                                                 2/2                         0/2
          Chen Lihua                                                                             2/2                         0/2


      3.6.4 Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors and Their
            Performance of Duties
      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank had no business or financial interests in the Bank or its subsidiaries,
      nor did they assume any managerial positions in the Bank. Therefore, their independence was well assured. The Bank
      has received annual confirmation from each independent non-executive director confirming his/her independence and
      recognized his/her independence as such.

      The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the implementation and effectiveness
      of relevant mechanisms every year. After considering the following factors, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      deemed that the Bank maintained an effective mechanism to ensure the Board of Directors can obtain independent
      opinions and comments:

      •       The Board of Directors had four independent non-executive directors, accounting for more than one third of
              members of the Board of Directors. The chairmen of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee
              and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors are all independent non-executive
              directors, and most of their members are independent non-executive directors.

      •       When reviewing the qualifications of proposed independent non-executive directors, the Nomination and
              Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors shall fully consider their independence.

      •       The Chairman held an annual meeting with all independent non-executive directors without the presence of
              other directors, and listened to their independent opinions on the Bank’s corporate governance and operation
              management.

      •       In routine work, the Bank provided effective channels for independent non-executive directors to know about
              the Bank’s operation, and organized business departments to fully communicate with independent non-executive
              directors according to the latter’s reasonable requirements.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank effectively performed their duties by attending the general meetings
      as well as meetings of the Board of Directors and its special committees, reviewing reference information submitted by the
      management and actively expressing their opinions. They also enhanced their understanding of the business development of
      the Bank and its affiliates by multiple means including field surveys and symposiums. During the reporting period, each of
      the independent non-executive directors of the Bank worked not less than 15 business days at the Bank.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank highly valued the continuous enhancement of their own capacity for
      performance of duties. Prior to each board meeting, they communicated with the management for better understanding
      of relevant presentations and proposals. They also participated in various training sessions organized by the regulators and
      listened to reports on relevant policies of the Bank to understand regulatory trends and requirements, deepen their learning
      and understanding of regulatory policies, and improve their capacity for performance of duties.




110   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




According to the Regulations of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited on the Work of the Independent Directors in relation
to the Annual Report, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank communicated with the auditors and fully
performed their role of independent supervision. During the reporting period, the independent non-executive directors did
not raise any objections to the proposals of either the Board of Directors or its special committees.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank put forward relevant comments and suggestions regarding the
Bank’s operation and management, business development, strategic planning, profit distribution, remunerations of senior
management members, risk management and related party transactions. The Bank attached great importance to such inputs
and implemented them in the light of its actual situations. For information regarding the attendance of the independent
non-executive directors at general meetings and the Board meetings during the reporting period, please refer to “Convening
of General Meetings” and “Information on Work of the Board of Directors” in this chapter, respectively.


3.6.5 Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
       of Listed Issuers
The Bank has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and has complied with Rules 13.67 and 19A.07B of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules to regulate the securities transactions of its directors and supervisors. All the directors and supervisors were
consulted specifically for this matter, and all of them confirmed that they had strictly complied with the relevant provisions
of the Model Code throughout the reporting period.


3.6.6 Responsibility Statement of the Directors on the Financial Report
The following statement, which sets out the responsibility of the directors to the financial report, should be read in
conjunction with, but distinguished in understanding from, the review opinions as set out in the auditor’s report contained
in this annual report.

The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for preparing the financial report of the Bank that gives a true view of
the operating results of the Bank for each financial year. The directors are not aware of any events or conditions that could
have material adverse impact on the Bank’s operation as a going concern.


3.6.7 T he Board of Directors’ Deliberation of the Sustainable Development
      Report
The Board of Directors deliberated the 2022 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank as a separate proposal
and had no objections to the content of the report.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     111
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




           3.7 Board of Supervisors

      3.7.1 Composition and Responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors
      The Board of Supervisors is the supervisory body of the Bank accountable to the general meeting. The principal
      responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank include the following: to supervise and guide the strategic planning,
      financial activities, business decision-making, internal control, risk management, remuneration management, etc. of the
      Bank; to guide and supervise the internal control of the Bank; and to supervise the duty performance and due diligence of
      the Board of Directors, the senior management and its members; among others.


      3.7.1.1 Members of the Board of Supervisors
      Members of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank as of the disclosure date of this report are listed as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                           remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                          from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                      Year and                              Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
        Name                         Position                                Gender   month of birth Term of office           shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
        Wei Guobin                   External Supervisor                     Male     Mar. 1959       May 2020-Jun. 2024                0              0                 26.00                 No
        Sun Qixiang                  External Supervisor                     Female   Sep. 1956       Jun. 2021-Jun. 2024               0              0                 26.00                 No
        Liu Guoling                  External Supervisor                     Male     Jan. 1960       Jun. 2021-Jun. 2024               0              0                 26.00                 No
        Li Rong                      Shareholder Representative Supervisor   Female   Apr. 1968       Jan. 2021-Jun. 2024         364,000        364,000                152.40                 No
        Cheng Pusheng                Employee Representative Supervisor      Male     Feb. 1968       Mar. 2022-Jun. 2024         354,000        354,000                150.89                 No
        Chen Panwu                   Employee Representative Supervisor      Male     Jan. 1964       Sep. 2017-Jun. 2024               0        334,000                148.39                 No
        Zeng Yufang                  Employee Representative Supervisor      Female   Dec. 1970       Sep. 2017-Jun. 2024         188,000        188,000                119.00                 No
        Non-incumbent Supervisors
        Li Gang                      Employee Representative Supervisor      Male     Mar. 1969       Aug. 2019-Mar. 2022               0        356,000                138.82                 No

      Notes: (1) The starting time of the terms of office of the re-elected/re-engaged supervisors listed above is the time of their respective initial appointment/engagement.
               (2) The final remuneration of the supervisors who received remuneration from the Bank are being confirmed, and the remaining part will be disclosed after
                     confirmation.
               (3) The shareholder representative supervisor receives no remuneration for supervisor from the Bank.


      As at the end of the reporting period, none of the supervisors, whether incumbent or non-incumbent during the reporting
      period, was subject to penalties imposed by the securities regulatory authorities in the past three years.




112   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




3.7.1.2 Resumes of Supervisors




Mr. Wei Guobin                           Ms. Sun Qixiang                           Mr. Liu Guoling
Chinese Nationality                      Chinese Nationality                       Chinese Nationality

External supervisor of the Bank. Mr. External supervisor of the Bank. Ms. External supervisor of the Bank. Mr.
Wei served as a board director of BOC Sun is now a professor and Ph.D Liu used to work at Agricultural Bank
Hong Kong Investment Co., Ltd. and tutor of School of Economics, Peking of China (ABC). The positions Mr. Liu
chairman of the board of supervisors University. Ms. Sun also holds many ever held at ABC include deputy general
o f Z h o n g y i S h a n y u a n ( B e i j i n g ) other prestigious titles, which include manager of the Credit Management
Technology Co., Ltd. Prior to that, he the C.V. Starr Professor, the chief Department at the Head Office, vice
worked at Bank of China Limited and expert of the projects sponsored by president of ABC Guangxi Branch,
served successively as assistant president the National Social Science Fund of deputy general manager of the Sannong
and deputy president of Hebei Branch, China, and the expert receiving Special Credit Department at the Head Office,
president of Shanxi Branch, general Government Allowances from the State deputy general manager of the Credit
manager of the Personal Banking Council. Ms. Sun concurrently holds Management Department at the Head
Department of the Head Office, and a wide array of posts: member of the Office, and head of the Specialized
president of Hunan Branch. Mr. Wei is CBIRC International Advisory Council, Inspection Team at the Head Office.
a senior economist, and graduated from member of the Academic Committee Mr. Liu is a senior economist and
Hebei Banking School with a degree in at China Society for Finance and graduated from Renmin University
finance.                                            Banking, member of the U.S.-based of China, with a bachelor’s degree of
                                                    International Insurance Society (IIS) economics majoring in statistics.
                                                    Board, independent director of AVIC
                                                    Industry-Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                    (formerly AVIC Capital Co., Ltd.), and
                                                    independent director of China Taiping
                                                    Insurance Group Ltd. In her previous
                                                    posts, she held a dean of the School
                                                    of Economics of Peking University,
                                                    chairperson of the Asia-Pacific Risk
                                                    and Insurance Association, and visiting
                                                    professor at Harvard University. Ms.
                                                    Sun graduated from the School of
                                                    Economics of Peking University with a
                                                    doctorate degree in economics.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report    113
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      Ms. Li Rong                                     Mr. Cheng Pusheng                                Mr. Chen Panwu
      Chinese Nationality                             Chinese Nationality                              Chinese Nationality

      Shareholder representative supervisor of Employee representative supervisor Employee representative supervisor
      the Bank. Ms. Li is currently the general o f t h e B a n k . M r . C h e n g i s n o w of the Bank. Mr. Chen serves as
      manager of the Compliance Department the general manager of the Audit commissioner of the Bank’s Culture and
      of the Bank. Previously, she served Department of the Bank. Previously, Labor Union Department, and executive
      as general manager of Retail Banking M r . C h e n g w a s a s s i s t a n t g e n e r a l vice chairman of the labor union of
      Department, assistant president and manager and deputy general manager of the Bank. Prior to that, he was general
      vice president of the Bank’s Chongqing the Budget and Finance Department, manager of the personnel department,
      Branch, and general manager of the general manager of the Centralized assistant president and concurrently
      Interbank Business Department of the Purchasing Center, general manager of general manager of the human resources
      Bank. Prior to that, Ms. Li worked the Audit Department, and employee department of the Bank’s Hangzhou
      at the Chongqing Branch of China r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s u p e r v i s o r o f t h e B r a n c h , d e p u t y g e n e r a l m a n a g e r
      Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., serving Bank, president of Taiyuan Branch and general manager of the Human
      successively as deputy director of the of the Bank. Mr. Cheng graduated Resources Department of the Bank’s
      General Office, general manager of the from Shaanxi University of Finance Head Office, general manager of the
      Personal Banking Department, general and Economics (now the School of Culture, Labor Union Office & Security
      manager of the Business Department, E c o n o m i c s a n d F i n a n c e o f X i ’ a n D e p a r t m e n t o f t h e B a n k ’ s H e a d
      general manager of the Retail Banking Jiaotong University) with a master’s Office, and a general manager of the
      Department, etc. Ms. Li graduated from degree in economics, and is a senior Culture and Labor Union Department
      Chongqing University with a master’s economist.                                            of the Bank’s Head Office. Mr. Chen
      degree of business administration.                                                         graduated from Suzhou University with
                                                                                                 a doctoral degree in finance.




114   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                           Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




Ms. Zeng Yufang
Chinese Nationality

Employee representative supervisor
of the Bank. Ms. Zeng serves as vice
president of the Bank’s Guangzhou
Branch. Earlier, she was deputy
general manager and general manager
of the accounting department of the
Bank’s Shenzhen Branch, and assistant
president and vice president of the
branch. Prior to that, she was assistant
chief of the finance and accounting
division of State Development Bank
Shenzhen Branch. Ms. Zeng graduated
from East-West University of the U.S.
with a master’s degree in business
administration.




                                                            2022 Annual Report   115
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      3.7.1.3 Changes in Supervisors
      On 10 March 2022, Mr. Cheng Pusheng was elected as the employee representative supervisor of the 6th Session of the
      Board of Supervisors upon deliberation at the first joint meeting of the second staff representative conference of the Bank
      in 2022. Mr. Cheng Pusheng has served as employee representative supervisor of the Bank since 14 March 2022 and his
      term of office will expire at the end of the term of the 6th Session of the Board of Supervisors.

      On 14 March 2022, Mr. Li Gang resigned from the positions of employee representative supervisor and member of the
      Supervision Committee of the Board of Supervisors due to work rearrangement. Mr. Li Gang’s resignation took effect on
      14 March 2022.


      3.7.2 Information on Work of the Board of Supervisors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened 11 meetings (all are onsite meetings). Centering on the
      Bank’s central tasks, it strengthened the supervision of financial activities, business decision-making, risk management,
      internal control, duty performance, etc. At the meetings, the Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved 26 proposals,
      including those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic reports, profit distribution plan, internal control assessment
      report, sustainable development report and annual assessment report on the performance of duties. It also listened to 48
      presentations respectively regarding the Bank’s circular on regulatory policies that touch on corporate governance, plan
      implementation assessment report, report on operating results, report on comprehensive risk management, report on
      internal control and compliance, rectification of regulatory issues, consumer rights protection, audit work results, so as
      to gain an in-depth understanding of the Bank’s operation and management status and actively perform its supervision
      responsibilities. The Board of Supervisors mainly performs its supervisory function through holding meetings. Based
      on comments and recommendations of supervisors, the Board of Supervisors issued 7 Supervision Work Letters in the
      year to relevant business units for research and feedback, and submitted them to the Board of Directors and the senior
      management, which helped further improve the whole process and closed-loop supervision mechanism for meetings, raised
      the quality and efficiency of the meetings of the Board of Supervisors, and enhanced the interaction of bodies involved in
      corporate governance. In addition, the Board of Supervisors attended shareholder general meetings, on-site meetings of the
      Board of Directors, meetings of the special committees of the Board of Directors and meetings of the senior management
      as non-voting delegates and reviewed various documents and materials submitted by the senior management to ensure
      adequate supervision over the decision-making process of the Bank’s significant events.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors actively explored new working methods, broadened the channels for
      duty performance, deepened the supervision influence, and promoted the transformation towards “proactive and dynamic
      supervision”. After collective study of the Board of Supervisors, it issued two Supervision Reminder Letters concerning ESG
      management and the development of inclusive finance business to the Board of Directors and the senior management. By
      doing so, the Board of Supervisors reminded the Board of Directors and senior management of some trendy and emerging
      issues and provided pertinent and constructive suggestions concerning the following aspects: systematically putting forward
      comments and suggestions on improving the ESG management structure in a systemic manner, enhancing the ESG
      management capacity and strengthening the publicity of ESG management concepts. Under the strong supervision of the
      Board of Supervisors and the vigorous advancement of the Board of Directors and the senior management, the Bank’s ESG
      management was further strengthened. The former “Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors” was
      renamed “Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors”, with leading ESG work added
      into its responsibilities, so the ESG-related management enhancement was carried out in an all-round manner.




116   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                         Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The attendance records of the members of the Board of Supervisors at the meetings during the reporting period are set out
in the table below.

                                                                                                   In-person attendance/               Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                                     number of meetings                 number of meetings
                                                                                                           during his or                      during his or
  Supervisors                                                                                                 her tenure                         her tenure
  Wei Guobin                                                                                                             10/11                             1/11
  Sun Qixiang                                                                                                            10/11                             1/11
  Liu Guoling                                                                                                            11/11                             0/11
  Li Rong                                                                                                                11/11                             0/11
  Cheng Pusheng                                                                                                           9/10                             1/10
  Chen Panwu                                                                                                             11/11                             0/11
  Zeng Yufang                                                                                                            11/11                             0/11

Notes: (1) During the reporting period, before his departure as supervisor, Mr. Li Gang attended 1 meeting by proxy which took place during his tenure.
         (2) From 14 March 2022 when Mr. Cheng Pusheng served as employee representative supervisor of the 6th session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank to
            the end of the reporting period, the Bank held a total of 10 meetings of the Board of Supervisors.




3.7.3 Special Committees under the Board of Supervisors
The Supervision Committee and the Nomination Committee are the special committees set up under the Board of
Supervisors.

Supervision Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Supervision Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 3
supervisors, with Mr. Wei Guobin as chairman, and Mr. Liu Guoling and Ms. Zeng Yufang as members. The principal
responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the Board of Directors in the establishment of prudent
business concepts and value propositions and the formulation of development strategies of the Bank, and to carry out
supervisory inspections of the Bank’s financial activities, operational decisions, risk management, internal control, etc.

During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened 4 meetings which
deliberated and adopted 11 proposals including those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic reports, profit distribution
plan, sustainable development report, internal control assessment report, engagement of the accounting firm for 2022 and
their fees, etc.

The attendance records of the Supervision Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are
set out in the table below:

                                                                                                   In-person attendance/               Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                                     number of meetings                 number of meetings
                                                                                                           during his or                      during his or
  Members                                                                                                     her tenure                         her tenure
  Wei Guobin                                                                                                                 4/4                            0/4
  Liu Guoling                                                                                                                4/4                            0/4
  Zeng Yufang                                                                                                                4/4                            0/4

Notes:   During the reporting period, before his departure as supervisor, Mr. Li Gang should attend 0 meeting taken place during his tenure.




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report   117
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      Nomination Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 4
      supervisors, with Ms. Sun Qixiang as chairperson, and Mr. Liu Guoling, Ms. Li Rong and Mr. Chen Panwu as members.
      The principal responsibilities of the committee include the following: to study standards and procedures on selecting and
      appointing supervisors, and to carry out preliminary review of the qualifications and conditions for office of supervisors
      elected by general meetings and put forward corresponding recommendations. The employee representative supervisors of
      the Bank are democratically elected or dismissed by employees of the Bank.

      During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors convened 2 meetings which listened
      to the report on the management measures for recourse and withholding of performance-related remuneration, and
      deliberated and adopted 4 proposals including the assessment report on duty performance of the Board of Directors, the
      Board of Supervisors, the senior management and its members by the Board of Supervisors, and code of professional ethics
      for directors, supervisors and senior management members.

      The attendance records of the Nomination Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are
      set out in the table below:

                                                                              In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
                                                                                number of meetings        number of meetings
                                                                                      during his or             during his or
       Members                                                                           her tenure                her tenure
       Sun Qixiang                                                                               2/2                         0/2
       Liu Guoling                                                                               2/2                         0/2
       Li Rong                                                                                   2/2                         0/2
       Chen Panwu                                                                                2/2                         0/2


      3.7.4 Work Performance of External Supervisors
      During their decision-making and supervision, the 3 external supervisors of the Bank were free from the influence of
      substantial shareholders and senior management members as well as other entities and individuals that had a stake in the
      Bank. They focused on safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of minority shareholders and other stakeholders,
      and were able to perform their supervisory duties independently. During the reporting period, the external supervisors of
      the Bank attended the meetings of the Board of Supervisors, meetings of the Board of Directors and its special committees
      as non-voting delegates and participated in the thematic surveys of the Board of Supervisors to learn about the operation
      and management of the Bank. Through studying proposals and special reports, they could make independent, professional
      and objective judgments on matters of the Bank, and actively expressed comments and suggestions, thus improving the
      quality and efficiency of the supervision carried out by the Board of Supervisors. During the reporting period, the external
      supervisors of the Bank invested sufficient time and energy to perform their duties, as they all performed their supervisory
      function at the Bank for more than 15 business days, which complied with regulatory provisions.


      3.7.5 Independent Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on Relevant Matters
      3.7.5.1 Compliance of Business Operation
      The Bank conducted its business according to relevant laws, and its decision-making process complies with relevant
      requirements of laws, regulations and the Bank’s Articles of Association. Neither breach of laws, regulations or the Bank’s
      Articles of Association nor behavior that would impair the interests of the Bank and shareholders were identified on part of
      the directors or senior management members in their duty performing.


      3.7.5.2 Truthfulness of the Financial Report
      The compilation and review process of the financial report was compliant with laws, regulations and regulatory provisions
      and no misrepresentation, distortion or material defect was identified in the report.




118   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




3.7.5.3 Acquisition or Disposal of Assets
The Board of Supervisors was not aware of any acquisition or disposal of assets by the Bank that might constitute insider
trading, impair shareholder rights and interests or result in loss of the Bank’s assets.


3.7.5.4 Related Party Transactions
The Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions that might impair the interests of the Bank and
its shareholders.


3.7.5.5 Implementation of Resolutions Adopted at the General Meetings
The Board of Supervisors had no objections to the reports and proposals that the Board of Directors submitted to the
general meetings for approval in 2022. The Board of Supervisors supervised the implementation of the resolutions adopted
at the general meetings and held that the Board of Directors diligently implemented the relevant resolutions of the general
meetings.


3.7.5.6 Internal Control
The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2022 Internal Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited.


3.7.5.7 Performance of Social Responsibilities
The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2022 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited.


3.7.5.8 Profit Distribution Plan
The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2022 Profit Distribution Plan of China CITIC Bank Corporation
Limited, and was of the opinion that the profit distribution plan was in compliance with laws, regulations and the Articles
of Association of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited. It was in line with interests of all shareholders and conducive to
the long-term development of the Bank.


3.7.5.9 Implementation of the Regulations on Management of Information Disclosure
The Bank performed its information disclosure obligations in strict accordance with relevant regulatory requirements,
earnestly implemented various regulations on the management of information disclosure matters, and disclosed information
in a timely and fair manner. The information disclosed during the reporting period was truthful, accurate and complete.

Except for the above disclosed matters, the Board of Supervisors had no objections to other supervisory issues during the
reporting period.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report    119
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




             3.8 Senior Management

      3.8.1 Composition and Responsibilities of the Senior Management
      The senior management is accountable to the Board of Directors and subject to the supervision of the Board of Supervisors.
      There is a strict division of duties and separation of power between the Bank’s senior management and the Board of
      Directors. Pursuant to the Articles of Association and as authorized by the Board of Directors, the senior management
      carefully carries out operation and management activities and implements the resolutions of the general meeting and the
      Board meetings. The Board of Directors evaluates the performance of the senior management members, the results of which
      shall be used as the basis for determining remunerations and other incentive arrangements for the senior management
      members. The senior management should timely, accurately and completely report the Bank’s operation and management
      and provide relevant materials as required by the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors. As at the disclosure date
      of this report, the senior management consist of 11 members.


      3.8.1.1 Members of the Senior Management
      Members of the senior management of the Bank as at the disclosure date of this report are listed as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                     Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                                remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                               from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                           Year and month                        Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
      Name                           Position                                     Gender   of birth       Term of office           shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
      Fang Heying                  Vice Chairman, Executive Director, President   Male     Jun. 1966       Since Nov. 2014             715,000        915,000                     –                 Yes
      Liu Cheng                    Executive director, Executive Vice President   Male     Dec. 1967       Since Jan. 2022                   0        624,000                202.70                 No
      Guo Danghuai                 Executive director, Vice President             Male     May 1964        Since Nov. 2014             636,000        636,000                193.20                 No
      Wang Kang                    Vice President, Chief Financial Officer        Male     Jun. 1972       Since Jan. 2022              16,800         16,800                193.20                 No
      Hu Gang                      Vice President, Chief Risk Officer             Male     Mar. 1967       Since May 2017              666,000        666,000                193.20                 No
      Xie Zhibin                   Vice President                                 Male     May 1969        Since Jun. 2019                   0        353,000                193.20                 No
      Xiao Huan                    Secretary of the Committee for                 Male     Jul. 1972       Since Dec. 2019             640,000        651,000                187.70                 No
                                      Disciplinary Inspection
      Lü Tiangui                   Vice President                                 Male     Oct. 1972       Since Aug. 2018             550,000        550,000                193.20                 No
      Lu Jingen                    Business Director                              Male     Jun. 1969       Since Aug. 2018             165,000        553,000                178.57                 No
      Zhang Qing                   Board Secretary                                Female   Aug. 1968       Since Jul. 2019             550,000        550,000                180.58                 No
      Liu Honghua                  Business Director                              Male     May 1964        Since Aug. 2019             540,000        540,000                178.80                 No
      Non-incumbent senior management members
      Lu Wei                       Vice President                                 Male     Oct. 1971       Jan. 2017-Oct. 2022         530,000        530,000                156.24                 No

      Notes: (1) The starting time of the terms of office of the re-elected/re-engaged senior management members listed above is the time of their respective initial
                 appointment/engagement.

                 (2) The final remunerations of members of the senior management who received remuneration from the Bank are still undergoing confirmation, and the
                     remaining amounts will be disclosed upon completion of the confirmation process.

                 (3) Mr. Wang Kang held 16,800 ordinary A shares of the Bank on 10 January 2022 when he began to serve as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
                     Bank.


      As at the end of the reporting period, none of the senior management members, whether incumbent or non-incumbent
      during the reporting period, was subject to penalties imposed by the securities regulatory authorities in the past three years.




120   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                              Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




3.8.1.2 Resumes of Senior Management Members




Mr. Fang Heying                           Mr. Liu Cheng                              Mr. Guo Danghuai
Chinese Nationality                       Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality

Secretary of the Party Committee, D e p u t y S e c r e t a r y o f t h e P a r t y Party Committee member, executive
Vice Chairman, executive director and Committee, executive director and director and Vice President of the
President of the Bank. Please refer to E x e c u t i v e V i c e P r e s i d e n t o f t h e Bank. Please refer to “Composition
“Composition and Responsibilities of Bank. Please refer to “Composition and Responsibilities of the Board of
the Board of Directors” in this chapter and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors” in this chapter for Mr. Guo’s
for Mr. Fang’s resume.                  Directors” in this chapter for Mr. resume.
                                        Fang’s resume.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     121
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      Mr. Wang Kang                               Mr. Hu Gang                                 Mr. Xie Zhibin
      Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

      P a r t y C o m m i t t e e m e m b e r , V i c e P a r t y C o m m i t t e e m e m b e r , V i c e Party Committee member and Vice
      President and Chief Financial Officer President and Chief Risk Officer President of the Bank. Previously, he
      of the Bank. Mr. Wang concurrently of the Bank. Mr. Hu concurrently was a Party Committee member and
      serves as secretary of Party committee serves as a director of CITIC Bank assistant general manager of China
      and president of Hangzhou Branch of International Limited. He used to be Export Credit Insurance Corporation
      the Bank. He was general manager of deputy head of the preparatory team (during which he temporarily worked
      the Budget and Finance Department of for the establishment of the Bank’s as a standing member of the Party
      the Bank, president of Wuxi Branch, Changsha Branch, Party committee Committee and Deputy Mayor of
      general manager of the Asset and member and vice president of Changsha H o h h o t C i t y i n I n n e r M o n g o l i a
      Liability Department of the Head Branch; Party committee member, A u t o n o m o u s R e g i o n ) , a n d P a r t y
      Office and Board Secretary of the Bank, vice president, secretary of Party Committee member and Secretary of the
      director of the Board of Directors committee and president of the Bank’s Committee for Disciplinary Inspection
      Office of CITIC Group Corporation Chongqing Branch; secretary of Party of China Everbright Group Co., Ltd.
      Limited, and joint company secretary committee and president of the Bank’s Prior to that, Mr. Xie served as assistant
      of CITIC Limited. Mr. Wang has over Shanghai Branch; head of the wholesale g e n e r a l m a n a g e r , d e p u t y g e n e r a l
      20 years’ experience in the Chinese business and Chief Risk Officer of the manager and general manager of the
      banking industry. He graduated from Bank. Prior to that, he successively human resources department (assistant
      Nanjing Agricultural University, Central worked for the Political Department director, deputy director and director
      University of Finance and Economics of Hunan Provincial Procuratorate, of the organization department under
      and Cheung Kong Graduate School and served as deputy section chief at the Party Committee) of China Export
      of Business with a bachelor’s degree the Personnel Department of Hunan Credit Insurance Corporation, Party
      in engineering, a master’s degree in Provincial Party Committee Office, committee secretary of the company’s
      economics and an EMBA respectively. Assistant General Manager and General Shenzhen branch, and person in charge,
      He is a senior economist.                         Manager of Beihaixiang Properties Party committee secretary and general
                                                        Development Company, vice chairman manager of t h e comp any’s Hebei
                                                        of the company’s affiliated Hongdu provincial branch. Mr. Xie graduated
                                                        Enterprise Company (both affiliated from Renmin University of China with
                                                        to Hunan Zhongli Industrial Group a doctorate degree in economics. He is
                                                        Co., Ltd.) and chairman of Changsha a senior economist.
                                                        Xiangcai Urban Credit Cooperative in
                                                        Hunan Province. Mr. Hu graduated
                                                        from Hunan University with a doctoral
                                                        degree in economics. He has over 20
                                                        years of experience in the Chinese
                                                        banking industry and is a senior
                                                        economist.




122   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                     Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




Mr. Xiao Huan                                 Mr. Lü Tiangui                                 Mr. Lu Jingen
Chinese Nationality                           Chinese Nationality                            Chinese Nationality

Party Committee member and Secretary Party Committee member and Vice Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Lu
of the Committee for Disciplinary President of the Bank. Mr. Lü serves previously served as the deputy chief of
Inspection of the Bank. Mr. Xiao once as the chairman of CITIC aiBank the corporate credit division, president
worked at CITIC Group Corporation Corporation Limited and a board of the Olympic Village sub-branch,
L i m i t e d , a n d s e r v e d a s h e a d o f d i r e c t o r o f J S C A l t y n B a n k , a n d president of the CITIC International
the Organization Division of the concurrently acts as a board director of B u i l d i n g s u b - b r a n c h , a n d P a r t y
Organization Department (Human China UnionPay Co., Ltd. Previously, committee member and assistant general
Resources and Education Department) Mr. Lü served as president of the Bank’s manager of the Business Department
of the Party Committee of CITIC Credit Card Center, general manager of o f t h e H e a d O f f i c e o f t h e B a n k
Group Corporation Limited; deputy the Bank’s Retail Banking Department (currently Beijing Branch); assistant
chief and chief of the Organization and Private Banking Department, and general manager (presiding) of the
Division and assistant director of the Business Director of the Bank. Earlier, corporate banking department of the
Party Affairs Department of CITIC he was deputy chief officer of the risk Bank, the secretary of Party committee
G r o u p ; d e p u t y s e c r e t a r y o f t h e management division at Jilin Branch and president of Kunming Branch,
Committee for Disciplinary Inspection of Bank of China Limited. Mr. Lü has Changsha Branch and Nanjing Branch
and general manager of Department for nearly 30 years’ practicing experience of the Bank, and general manager of the
Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision in the Chinese banking industry. Mr. Corporate Banking Department (Rural
of the Bank; director of the Party Lü graduated from Sichuan University Revitalization Department) of the Bank.
Affairs Department and executive with a master’s degree in business Mr. Lu has nearly 30 years’ experience
deputy secretary of Party committee administration. He holds qualifications in the Chinese banking industry.
directly under CITIC Group. Prior such as senior accountant, Certificated He received his master’s degree in
to that, he was a teacher at the Moral I n t e r n a l A u d i t o r ( C I A ) a n d P R C economics from Renmin University
Education Office of PLA Medical certified public accountant (CPA).                                    of China, EMBA degree from Peking
College and an officer at the Political                                                               University and doctorate degree in
Department of Beijing Military Medical                                                                management from Central South
College. Mr. Xiao graduated from PLA                                                                  University. He is a senior economist.
Nanjing Institute of Political Sciences
with a bachelor’s degree in law.




                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report       123
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




      Ms. Zhang Qing                              Mr. Liu Honghua
      Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

      B o a r d S e c r e t a r y a n d C o m p a n y Business Director of the Bank. Mr.
      Secretary of the Bank. Ms. Zhang Liu is secretary of the Party committee
      serves as the general manager of the and chairman of CITIC Financial
      Risk Management Department of Leasing Co., Ltd. He once worked
      the Bank. Prior to that, Ms. Zhang for the Business Department of the
      served as assistant general manager, Head Office of the Bank (currently
      deputy general manager (presiding), Beijing Branch), and held various
      and general manager of the Credit positions including president of the
      Management and Approval Department Bank’s Fuhua sub-branch, general
      of the Bank’s Xi’an branch, assistant manager of the Corporate Banking
      president, Party committee member and Department, assistant general manager,
      vice president of the branch, general Party committee member and deputy
      manager of the Credit Management g e n e r a l m a n a g e r o f t h e B u s i n e s s
      Department of the Bank, head of the D e p a r t m e n t o f t h e H e a d O f f i c e .
      Organizing Department of the Party He also served as secretary of Party
      Committee and general manager of committee and president of Taiyuan
      the Human Resources Management Branch of the Bank, general manager
      Department of the Bank, and a board of the Asset Custody Department and
      director of CITIC Financial Leasing the Corporate Banking Department
      and CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment of the Bank, and secretary of Party
      Limited. Prior to that, she worked at committee and president of the Bank’s
      the Shaanxi branch of Industrial and Beijing Branch. Prior to that, Mr. Liu
      Commercial Bank of China, successively worked at China International Trust
      working on the accounting, planning, Investment Company, and successively
      credit management in the sub-branch served as assistant manager, deputy
      and project review in the branch. She manager and manager of the Business
      has 30 years’ professional experience Department II, assistant manager of
      in the Chinese banking industry. She China Leasing Co., Ltd. and manager,
      graduated from Xi’an University of d e p u t y g e n e r a l m a n a g e r o f t h e
      Technology (formerly “Shaanxi Institute Administrative Management Division at
      of Mechanical Engineering”) with a China Leasing Co., Ltd. He has more
      master’s degree in engineering. Ms. than 20 years of professional experience
      Zhang is a senior economist.                    in the Chinese banking industry. He
                                                      graduated from Peking University
                                                      with a degree of executive master of
                                                      business administration. He is a senior
                                                      economist.



124   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                               Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




3.8.1.3 Appointment and Dismissal of Senior Management Members
On 22 November 2021, the 6th meeting of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank reviewed and approved
relevant proposals, approving the appointment of Mr. Liu Cheng as Executive Vice President and Mr. Wang Kang as
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. They shall take office as of the date when relevant qualifications
are approved by the regulatory authority. Upon approval by the CBIRC, Mr. Liu Cheng began to serve as Executive Vice
President of the Bank as of 7 January 2022, and Mr. Wang Kang began to serve as Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of the Bank as of 10 January 2022. Mr. Fang Heying ceased to concurrently serve as Chief Financial Officer of the
Bank.

On 14 October 2022, Mr. Lu Wei submitted his resignation to the Board of Directors of the Bank and resigned as Vice
President of the Bank due to job adjustment. Mr. Lu Wei’s resignation took effect on the date when the resignation was
presented to the Board of Directors of the Bank.


3.8.2 E stablishment and Implementation of Performance Evaluation and
      Incentive Mechanisms for Senior Management Members
The Bank kept improving its mechanism for annual performance evaluation and incentive of the senior management
members. During the reporting period, the Bank assessed the attainment of business targets and ability to perform duties
of the senior management members, and results of the annual performance evaluation are closely linked to the senior
management members’ remunerations.



   3.9 Remunerations of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
       Members

The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors and senior management members shall be drafted by the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors and reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
Thereafter the scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s supervisors shall be drafted by the Nomination Committee under the Board
of Supervisors, and after its approval by the Board of Supervisors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
The Bank offers remunerations to directors, supervisors and senior management members who are at the same time the
employees of the Bank corresponding to their positions, and remunerations include salary, bonus, subsidy, employee welfare
and insurance contributions, housing provident fund and annuity. The remuneration of independent directors and external
supervisors consists of three parts, which are basic remuneration, floating remuneration and allowance, and shall be decided
according to the Proposal regarding the Director Allowance Policy of the Sixth Session of the Board of Directors and the Proposal
regarding the Supervisor Allowance Policy of the Sixth Session of the Board of Supervisors approved at 2020 Annual General
Meeting. The Bank does not pay any salary or allowance to any other directors or supervisors. Pursuant to relevant PRC
laws and regulations, the Bank has joined various mandatory contribution retirement schemes as set out in PRC laws and
regulations for all employees (including the executive directors, supervisors and senior management members that are also
employees of the Bank). Actual pre-tax remunerations paid to the directors, supervisors and senior management members (both
incumbent and non-incumbent) who received remunerations from the Bank were in the amount of RMB29.4208 million
for the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had not provided any share incentives to directors,
supervisors or senior management members.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report     125
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




         3.10 Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Material Contracts

      During the reporting period, neither the Bank, its holding companies, any of its subsidiaries nor fellow subsidiaries entered
      into any material contract in relation to the business of the Bank in which any director or supervisor had material interests,
      whether directly or indirectly.



         3.11 Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors

      None of the directors or supervisors of the Bank concluded with the Bank or any of the Bank’s subsidiaries any service
      contract that may not be terminated within one year as of the entry into effect of the contract or that may only be
      terminated with the payment of other compensations in addition to the mandatory compensations.



         3.12 Relationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
              Members

      There was no material financial, business, family or other relationship among directors, supervisors or senior management
      members of the Bank.



         3.13 Interests of Directors in Businesses Competing with the Bank

      None of the directors of the Bank had any interest in businesses that directly or indirectly competed or may compete with
      the Bank.



         3.14 L iability Insurance for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
              Management Members

      In 2022, the Bank bought liability insurance for all of its directors, supervisors and senior management members. In
      2022, no director, supervisor or senior management member of the Bank has been benefited by any permitted indemnity
      provisions that had been or were in force.



         3.15 Chairman and President

      The Bank set separated positions of its Chairman and President. As at the disclosure date of this report, Mr. Zhu Hexin
      was Chairman and non-executive director of the Bank, responsible for presiding over the general meeting, convening
      and presiding over meetings of the Board of Directors and examining the implementation of board resolutions and other
      relevant matters. Mr. Fang Heying was the Vice Chairman, executive director and President of the Bank, performing the
      duties including implementing board resolutions and leading the Bank in its business operation and management and
      other relevant matters. The division of duties between the Chairman and President of the Bank was clearly defined and in
      compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




126   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




   3.16 Amendments to the Articles of Association

In May 2025, pursuant to laws, regulations and regulatory requirements and in light of the actual conditions of the Bank,
the Bank improved Party building requirements, standardized the management of share repurchase and investment &
financing matters, and further improved articles on the management of substantial shareholders, rights and obligations of
shareholders, powers and duties of the shareholders general meeting, responsibilities of governance bodies, composition and
rules of procedures of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, and related party transactions in the Articles of
Association. The proposal for the amendments to the Articles of Association was considered and approved at the Annual
General Meeting of 2021, the First A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2022 and the First H Shareholders Class Meeting of
2022 held on 23 June 2022 and is to be approved by CBIRC. Please refer to the relevant announcements published by the
Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for
relevant details about the amendments to the Articles of Association.



   3.17 Implementation of Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock
        Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentive Measures during
        the Reporting Period

The Bank did not have any share incentive scheme, employee stock ownership plan or other employee incentive measures
in effect as at the end of the reporting period.



   3.18 Company Secretaries as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules

As at the disclosure date of this report, the Bank engaged, externally, Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCG, HKFCG) as the
joint company secretary of the Bank as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules; and the main contact person of Ms. Kam Mei
Ha Wendy within the Bank was Ms. Zhang Qing, the board secretary and the joint company secretary of the Bank. The
contact information of Ms. Zhang Qing is Tel: +86-10-66638188, Fax: +86-10-65559255.



   3.19 Independent Non-Executive Directors’ Statement on Undertakings
        Made by CITIC Group and CIFH under the Non-Competition Deed

CITIC Group had transferred its 70.32% equity interest in CIFH to the Bank since 23 October 2009, thus releasing CIFH
from all obligations under the Non-Competition Deed.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank came to a conclusion on the non-competition undertakings of CITIC
Group, holding that CITIC Group honored its non-competition undertakings during the reporting period. CITIC Group
produced a statement on the performance of its non-competition undertakings under the Non-Competition Deed it entered
into with the Bank on 13 March 2007.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     127
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




         3.20 Development and Review of Corporate Governance Policies and
              Practices

      The Board of Directors of the Bank attached great importance to the establishment and improvement of internal rules and
      regulations on corporate governance. During the reporting period, in light of its own real situations and relevant regulatory
      requirements, the Bank developed the Code of Professional Ethics for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members
      of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and revised corporate governance policies including the Articles of Association
      of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, the Management Measures for Shareholdings and Changes in Shareholdings by
      Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, the Measures for Equity
      Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, the Measures for Consolidated Management of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited, the Management Measures for Investor Relations of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and the
      Rules of Procedures for the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors of China CITIC
      Bank Corporation Limited. By doing so, the Board of Directors continued to optimize the corporate governance mechanism
      of the Bank, improved the mechanism for the performance of its duties, adjusted the responsibilities of the special
      committees, and clearly defined the code of professional ethics and code of conduct to be observed by the Bank’s directors,
      supervisors and senior management members, hence providing strong support for the Bank to strengthen science-based
      corporate governance and further standardize shareholders’ rights and obligations.

      The Board of Supervisors of the Bank continued to strengthen the top-level design, optimized the workflow for agenda
      item management of meetings of the Board of Supervisors, and defined key supervisory responsibilities. Based on laws,
      regulations, regulatory requirements and the Bank’s reality, the Bank sorted and detailed statutory supervisory duties,
      revised the Supervisory Duty List for the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Version 4.0,
      2022) and issued it across the Bank. Increasing and detailing the supervisory responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors,
      the list covered 42 duties under 6 categories, and was aimed to urge all departments of the Head Offices, all branches and
      subsidiaries to increase the awareness of actively supporting the work of the Board of Supervisors and make supervision
      more comprehensive and pertinent. In line with the latest supervisory policies and requirements, the Bank revised
      the chapter about the Board of Supervisors in the Articles of Association of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited by
      improving the statements about the deliberative procedures for the rules of procedures of the Board of Supervisors and
      the composition of the Board of Supervisors, as well as the process for nominating, electing and appointing shareholder
      representative supervisors, made clear process for electing, dismissing and replacing employee representative supervisors, and
      revised the statements about the requirements for duty performance by external supervisors. The abovementioned revisions
      to the Articles of Association were reported to the 11th meeting of the 6th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the
      Bank, and, in line with the corporate governance rules, were submitted to and approved by the general meeting after being
      reviewed by the Board of Directors, and are to be effective once being approved by the CBIRC.




128   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                 Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




   3.21 Review and Supervision of Training and Continuing Professional
         Development of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
         Members

The Board of Directors kept urging the directors and senior management members to participate in relevant training for
better professional development in general and for them to enhance comprehensive quality and competence for performance
of duties in particular. During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors gathered the
directors and the supervisors to participate in relevant training in accordance with the applicable requirements of the
CSRC, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, SEHK and CBIRC. The training achieved very good results.

The table below sets out the participation of the Bank’s directors, supervisors, and board secretary in the reporting period
in the trainings provided by relevant institutions:

                                                                                                                   Training
                                                                                                                   Duration
 Name             Title                                          Trainer                         Training Model       (day)
 Zhu Hexin        Chairman, Non-executive Director               CSRC Beijing Bureau             Online training          1
 Fang Heying      Vice Chairman, Executive Director, President   CSRC Beijing Bureau             Online training          1
 Cao Guoqiang     Non-executive Director                         CSRC Beijing Bureau             Online training          1
 Liu Cheng        Executive Director,                            CSRC Beijing Bureau, SSE        Online training        3.5
                    Executive Vice President
 Huang Fang       Non-executive Director                         CSRC Beijing Bureau             Online training          1
 Liu Tsz Bun      Independent Non-executive Director             SSE                             Online training        4.5
    Bennett
 Wei Guobin       External Supervisor                            CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Sun Qixiang      External Supervisor                            CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Liu Guoling      External Supervisor                            CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Li Rong          Shareholder Representative Supervisor          CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Cheng Pusheng    Employee Representative Supervisor             CSRC Beijing Bureau, SSE,       Online training          8
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Chen Panwu       Employee Representative Supervisor             CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Zeng Yufang      Employee Representative Supervisor             CSRC Beijing Bureau,            Online training          5
                                                                 CITIC Group, China CITIC Bank
 Zhang Qing       Board Secretary                                CSRC Beijing Bureau, SSE        Online training        2.5

Ms. Zhang Qing, the board secretary and company secretary of the Bank, participated in relevant professional training
sessions organized by the regulators and other relevant organizations, had completed more than 15 training hours during
the reporting period, compliant with relevant regulatory requirements of SEHK.

As per relevant regulatory requirements, the Bank compiled the References Letters for Directors and Supervisors on both
regular and non-regular basis to help the directors and supervisors gain a comprehensive understanding of the business
momentum, strategy implementation, risk control, internal control and compliance of the Bank. The directors of the
Bank reviewed the reports and other written materials provided to them regarding the latest developments in the banking
industry in general and the Bank’s business in particular as well as relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Below is a
summary of the directors’ continuing professional development during the reporting period:




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report   129
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




                                                                                                             Monthly updates and
                                                                                                           other reading materials
                                                                                                           on latest developments
                                                                                                            in the Bank’s business
                                                                                                        operation and the banking
                                                                                 Training on business, industry as well as relevant
                                                                                  directors’ duties and        legal and regulatory
       Name                                                                      corporate governance                 requirements
       Zhu Hexin (Chairman, Non-executive director)                                                    3                           3
       Fang Heying (Vice Chairman, Executive director, President)                                      3                           3
       Cao Guoqiang (Non-executive director)                                                           3                           3
       Liu Cheng (Executive director, Executive Vice President)                                        3                           3
       Guo Danghuai (Executive director, Vice President)                                               3                           3
       Huang Fang (Non-executive director)                                                             3                           3
       Wang Yankang (Non-executive director)                                                           3                           3
       He Cao (Independent non-executive director)                                                     3                           3
       Chen Lihua (Independent non-executive director)                                                 3                           3
       Qian Jun (Independent non-executive director)                                                   3                           3
       Liu Tsz Bun Bennett (Independent non-executive director)                                        3                           3



         3.22 Review and Monitoring of the Company’s Policies and Practices in
               Respect of Compliance with Legal and Regulatory Requirements

      Under the guidance of the Board of Directors, the Bank continued to strengthen internal control and compliance
      management and improve the supervision and control system. It established the working mechanism featuring “head
      office special rectification, discipline committee in-process monitoring and regular result reporting” and conducted in-
      depth regulatory rectification result publicity. And it finished internalization of regulatory rules in key aspects of transition
      such as digitalization so as to give full play of pre-emptive risk prevention and control. It carried out especial review on
      personal loans and escrow accounts for in-depth governance in key processes. It conducted risk check in key position with
      multiple departments’ cooperation and made substantial breakthroughs in the establishment of the big supervision system.
      It completed the problematic account governance and introduced sanction-related compliance policies. It also strengthened
      the duty performance in anti-money laundering, further improved the money laundering and terrorist financing risk
      prevention and control system, enhanced the synergy in anti-money laundering control, accelerated the transition of auti-
      money laundering from “compliance-based” towards “risk-based”, and intensified the compliance management of overseas
      institutions to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements. The Board of Directors reviewed internal control and
      compliance reports on a regular basis, guided and coordinated the building of a compliance risk culture, further enhanced
      the compliance value recognition of all employees, and reinforced the concept of compliant operation.

      The Bank strictly complied with the requirements of the Announcement on Carrying out Special Governance Actions of Listed
      Companies (CSRC Announcement [2020] No. 69) issued by CSRC, conducted self-inspection based on its actual situations,
      and submitted the self-inspection results in a timely manner. As at the end of the reporting period, Mr. Fang Heying, the
      President of the Bank concurrently served as Deputy General Manager of the controlling shareholder of the Bank. The
      above-mentioned position of Mr. Fang Heying is assumed based on the approval of the Organization Department of the
      CPC Central Committee and the State Council and the overall arrangement of CITIC Group. The Bank with its complete
      corporate governance structure and effective internal control rules takes concrete and effective measures to ensure its
      independence..




130   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




   3.23 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code under the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules

The Bank was in compliance with all code provisions as well as most of the recommended best practices of the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year ended 31 December 2022,
except for the following:

According to Code C.5.3 of the Corporate Governance Code, the meeting notice of the Board of Directors shall be given
at least 14 days before each regular board meeting, while all directors and supervisors shall be notified in writing 10 days
prior to a regular board meeting according to Article 180 of the Bank’s Articles of Association. The Bank adopted the
abovementioned latter notice practice for regular board meetings because a 10-day prior notice practice complies with
applicable PRC laws and regulations, and reasonable time is deemed to have been given.

According to Code C.1.6 of the Corporate Governance Code, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend the general meetings. Some directors were unable to attend all general meetings of the Bank in
person due to conflict of schedule or other arrangements.

The part “B. Board of Directors” of the Corporate Governance Code requires disclosure of details about the non-compliance
with Rule 3.10A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On 20 January 2022, the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2022 of
the Bank elected Mr. Liu Cheng as an executive director and Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as an independent non-executive
director of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank. On 31 March 2022, the Bank received the reply from
CBIRC, which approved Mr. Liu Cheng’s qualification as the Bank’s executive director. And at that time the qualification
of Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett was still under the process of approval by CBIRC. After Mr. Liu Cheng took office as the
Bank’s executive director, the Board of Directors consisted of four non-executive directors, three executive directors and
three independent non-executive directors. That is a temporary non-compliance with Rule 3.10A of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, which requires independent non-executive directors shall account for at least one-third of the members of the board
of directors. Upon the approval by the CBIRC on 24 June 2022, Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett took office as an independent
non-executive director of the Bank. After that, the Board of Directors consisted of four non-executive directors, three
executive directors and four independent non-executive directors, which is in line with Rule 3.10A of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.

The part “E. Board Committees” of the Corporate Governance Code requires the disclosure of the details of non-compliance
with Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On 10 December 2021, Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac was unable to continue
performing his duties due to health reason and resigned from the position of independent non-executive director of the
Bank. Following the resignation of Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac, the Bank temporarily failed to comply with the requirements
of Rule 3.10(2) and Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that at least one of the independent non-executive directors
on the Board of Directors and the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee must have appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. On 20 January 2022, the Bank’s 1st
Extraordinary General Meeting of 2022 elected Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett as the independent non-executive director of
the 6th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank. Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett possesses the appropriate professional
qualifications and the appropriate accounting or related financial management expertise required by the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. Upon the approval by the CBIRC, Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett began to serve as an independent non-executive director
of the Bank as of 24 June 2022. Upon the approval at the 15th meeting of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors on
29 June 2022, Mr. Liu Tsz Bun Bennett was appointed as a member of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
Committee of the 6th Session of the Board of Directors, with a term of office as that of his term as a director. After Mr.
Liu Tsz Bun Bennett took office as an independent non-executive director of the Bank and a member of the Audit and
Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank, the composition of both the Board
of Directors and the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Bank complied with the requirements
of Rule 3.10(2) and Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

Given the changes in the external business environment and regulatory requirements in general and changes in the business
scopes and scales of banks in particular, there is no end to the improvement of internal control of banks. Therefore, the
Bank will follow the requirements of external regulators, the work requirements of listed companies and the criteria of
leading banks in the world to continuously optimize its internal control management.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     131
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




         3.24 Investor Relations

      Attaching great importance to communication with investors, the Bank continued to improve its investor relations
      management and strove to create more value for investors. In the face of the complicated and volatile external environment,
      the Bank always adhered to an investor-orientated principle, took multiple measures to continuously enhance the depth and
      breadth of communication with investors, and actively conveyed to the market the Bank’s initiatives and achievements in
      promoting high-quality development. During the reporting period, the Bank ranked among the tops in terms of growth in
      market capitalization of A and H shares in the Chinese banking industry.

      To further increase its communication with investors, particularly minority investors, the Bank held its annual and interim
      results release conferences via online video live for the whole society for the first time, livestreaming the whole processes
      through its APP and several other platforms. The annual and interim results release conferences attracted about 13,400
      and 22,000 person-times, respectively, which hit record highs, and received positive feedback from the market. After the
      conferences, the Bank publicized conference records on its official website in time for the investors who were unable to
      attend the conferences to learn about the Bank’s operation and management updates in time. After publicizing results, the
      Bank launched results roadshows via telephone or video for investors in places like Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, actively
      introducing the Bank’s operational conditions and development strategies to the market, showcasing its development
      potential and differentiated advantages in wealth management, asset management and comprehensive financing, and thus
      continuously enhancing investors’ recognition of the Bank’s values. During the reporting period, the Bank held over 80
      investor communication activities, including roadshows, receiving investors for surveys, and attending brokers’ strategic
      meetings. The Bank recorded the abovementioned investor reception and communication activities according to relevant
      regulatory requirements, and properly kept relevant documents. Moreover, for effectively protecting the rights and interests
      of minority investors, the Bank actively communicated with minority investors through responding to the SSE e-interactive
      platform and answering questions from investor via hotline and emails, so as to convey the investment value of the Bank
      to investors who follow the Bank’s development. After the interim results were released, the Bank held a 2-week campaign
      themed “Upward for Light” to mark its 15th anniversary of listing, inviting minority shareholders to the Bank for visits
      and communication and listening to shareholders’ opinions and suggestions.



         3.25 Information Disclosure and Management of Insider Information

      During the reporting period, strictly following the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness and
      fairness, abiding by laws and regulations, and considering the information needs of investors, the Bank published nearly
      400 periodic reports, extraordinary announcements and other documents at the SSE and the SEHK, totaling more than 4
      million words. Meanwhile, in the light of hotspot issues on the capital market, the Bank kept improving the framework and
      contents of its periodic reports, demonstrated the effectiveness of its strategy implementation and differentiated competitive
      advantages from multiple perspectives, and provided investors with timely, sufficient and effective information to effectively
      protect investors’ right to know.

      During the reporting period, the Bank kept pace with regulatory developments to develop internal policies and procedures
      in line with the latest regulatory rules. Pursuant to the Information Disclosure Management Measures for Listed Companies,
      the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghais Stock Exchange and other newly amended laws and regulations
      as well as regulatory provisions, the Bank revised 11 policies including the Information Disclosure Management Measures
      and other supporting rules, further fortifying the compliance foundation for information disclosure. At the same time, the
      Bank kept improving its management mechanism for inside information, and properly registered inside information and
      insiders at critical time points, so as to prevent the risks of inside information divulgence and insider trading. During the
      reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any circumstance where any insider traded the Bank’s shares by virtue of inside
      information.




132   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




    3.26 Management of Related Party Transactions

During the reporting period, according to the policy changes and management requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC,
the SSE and the SEHK, the Bank continued to attach great importance to the management of related party transactions,
improved the management mechanism for related party transactions, optimized its rules and mechanism for such
management, enhanced internal control management, review and approval, advanced the IT application and intelligent
development for related party transactions, and raised the management quality and efficiency for related party transactions.
The Bank also promoted the creation of synergistic value and shareholder value under the premise of compliance, and
effectively maintained the interests of the Bank and its shareholders.

The Bank upheld its management system that featured decision making by the Board of Directors, supervision by the
Board of Supervisors, execution by the senior management, and division of duties among business units. The Bank
effectively performed its obligations of reviewing and disclosing related party transactions, submitted material related party
transactions to the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee for review and to the Board of Directors
for deliberation on a case-by-case basis, and disclosed such transactions and filed them with the CBIRC for record, in
strict compliance with relevant requirements on the management of related party transactions. The Audit and Related
Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors, chaired by an independent non-executive director,
has independent non-executive directors as majority members. It carried out preliminary review of material related party
transactions and expressed independent opinions thereabout on behalf of minority shareholders to ensure that such
transactions were made pursuant to internal approval procedures and in a fair manner on terms no more favorable than
those available to independent third parties and in the overall interests of the Bank and all of its shareholders.

During the reporting period, guided by the concept of “returning to original purposes of regulation, attaching importance
to the nature of transactions and creating value through compliance” and considering policy changes and regulatory
requirements, the Bank reexamined the effectiveness and standardization its related party transactions, pressed ahead with
the system and mechanism reform regarding related party transactions, continuously improved the IT application and
intelligent operation of related party transactions management, and ensured the compliance and orderly conduct of related
party transactions. The Bank studied and implemented regulatory policies. Based on the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures
for Related Party Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions, the SSE Listing Rules and other policies46, the Bank
conducted in-depth research and analysis of their impact, made implementation plans with reference to the new rules,
steadily advanced the implantation of new regulatory rules. It also requested for instructions from regulators concerning
doubts and difficulties in new rule implementation, to ensure the management of related party transactions complied
with regulatory requirements. It strengthened the compliance awareness of related party transactions continuously, kept
close communication with shareholders’ related parties based on policy changes and management requirements as well
as internal publicity of guiding principles in the new rules, urged shareholders to fulfill their obligations as shareholders
in accordance with regulatory requirements, and conducted related party transactions in a compliant manner. As the
scope of related parties of shareholders expanded, the Bank effectively carried out the limit management of related party
transactions quote and conducted reasonable limit reallocation within the applied upper limits, comprehensively checked
future business needs, and timely initiated the adjustment of annual caps of continuing related party transactions, to ensure
all related party transactions were carried out in a compliant and orderly manner within the upper limit. Pursuant to the
CBIRC’s regulations on related party transactions and the Bank’s requirements for related party transaction management,
the Bank carried out self-inspection and special audits on compliance of related party transactions, improved the day-to-
day management of related party transactions and effectively prevented risk of benefit transfer further enhancing internal
management. Meanwhile, the Bank moved faster in improving the related party transactions management system. Based on
the integration of information on related parties and related party transactions and considering regulatory policy changes
and new information reporting requirements, the Bank made active efforts to realize the connection of the related party
transaction management system to the human resources system, business systems and external data platforms, thus realizing
the automatic system review of related party transactions step by step, continuously increasing the automated collection and
statistical processing of information.




46	SSE released the revised Listing Rules on 7 January 2022 (which was revised again in February 2023). The Administrative Measures for Related Party Transactions
         of Banking and Insurance Institutions (the “Administrative Measures”) promulgated by the CBIRC took effect as of 1 March 2022. According to the CBIRC
         notice, the transition period is within one year from the date of implementation of the Administrative Measures, and banking and insurance institutions shall
         adopt the Administrative Measures within one year.




                                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report           133
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




         3.27 Internal Control Assessment

      The purpose of the Bank’s internal control is to reasonably ensure the lawfulness and compliance of business and
      management, safety of assets, and truthfulness and completeness of financial reports and other relevant information,
      improve business efficiency and effectiveness, and promote the implementation of the development strategy. The Board of
      Directors authorized the internal audit function to self-assess the effectiveness of the internal control design and operation
      of the Bank in accordance with relevant requirements such as the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control, Guidelines
      for Assessment of Enterprise Internal Control and Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks, and in combination
      with the Bank’s rules and assessment measures on internal control. The internal audit function produced the 2022 Internal
      Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (“the Internal Control Assessment Report”), holding that
      the Bank’s internal control was valid as at 31 December 2022 (record date). In the course of the self-assessment exercise,
      the Bank was not aware of any material defects in its internal control. The Board of Supervisors of the Bank reviewed the
      Internal Control Assessment Report and had no objections to the content of the report.

      Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report for the Internal Control Assessment
      Report (including the statements of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors on their respective responsibilities
      in relation to internal control).



         3.28 Development and Implementation of Internal Control Policies

      During the reporting period, the Bank pressed ahead with the building of “five systems” about internal control and
      compliance to consolidate the foundation for internal control management across the Bank. To be specific, the Bank
      built a compliance management system featuring self-discipline, institutional regulation and authorization guidance,
      and progressively formed a system for compliance risk prevention and control characterized by active management and
      prevention and control at earlier steps. It established a deviation correction system, and continued to reinforce the work
      mechanism that integrates rectification, screening and increment control. By defining evaluation indicators scientifically,
      the Bank built an internal control assessment system that is risk-oriented, based on comprehensive assessment, focused
      on special assessment and supplemented by trigger assessment. It built a comprehensive supervision system, constantly
      facilitated the integration between behavior management and business management, and effectively strengthened the
      management of employee behaviors. The Bank built a money laundering and sanction prevention and control system
      characterized by coordinated governance, gave play to the synergy of ex ante prevention, interim monitoring and ex
      post supervision, actively conducted early warning and monitoring of risks, and formed an integrated system for money
      laundering and sanction risk prevention and control.

      The Bank carried out regular policy governance. It established the working mechanism for regular policy governance aimed
      to strengthen compliance, tighten internal control and promote development, organized the Head Office and branches
      to conduct policy re-inspections, and, with a focus on problems like insufficient development of internal policies and
      procedures in line with the latest regulatory rules, less effective implementation of policies and irrational process for policy
      management, established, revised and abolished policies in time. During the reporting period, with 2,133 policies released
      and 2,910 policies abolished, the Bank continued to build a streamlined and efficient policy system.

      The Bank developed a differentiated authorization plan. In line with the overall requirements, i.e. varying authorization
      with persons, places, quality and customers, the Bank exercised refined management over the contents of authorization,
      scope of authority and requirements on the exercise of authority. It improved relevant business management systems,
      locked the authority of approval, and strengthened machine control authorization and rigid system control. Also, the Bank
      established a mechanism for authorization supervision and inspection, to supervise and inspect re-authorization and the
      implementation of authorization, and standardize the management of authorization and the exercise of powers.




134   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




The Bank perfected the working mechanism for integrated rectification. Based on national macro policies, focuses of
regulation and operation reality, the Bank tailored a list of problem rectification. By using governance tools for assessment,
screening and incremental control, etc., all branches and sub-branches systematically rectified and corrected key and
difficult problems. These efforts helped improve the effectiveness of internal control management across the Bank.

The Bank popularized the mechanism for grid-based score management in an all-round way. It built and applied the grid-
based structure for the supervision and management of employee behaviors, which was characterized by “seven horizontal
and seven vertical grids”, systematically combined management means including “three inspections and four visits”,
unannounced inspections and behavior check, and developed effective tools for management grids at all levels. On such
basis, the Bank innovatively introduced the mechanism for grid-based score management of employees’ abnormal behaviors,
and intensified supervision over duty performance in primary-level grids, to effectively promote the identification of illegal
behaviors at earlier stages when they just emerged.

The Bank deepened the building of compliance culture. It followed the requirements imposed by the Group for the “Year
for Compliance Culture Cultivation”, and organized nearly 60 thousand compliance trainings at multiple levels and more
than 6,000 lectures in Head Office and branches. And it continuously push contents such as regulatory trends, policy
explanation and experience sharing through its Wechat account, 5C platform and many other online channels. And it
organized the “compliance season” activities for seven consecutive years and conducted “compliance face to face”, warning
lessons and risk checks in key areas and many other works in the light of overall annual work plan to create the atmosphere
of risk compliance culture featuring “upholding fundamental principles and focusing on the behavior of oneself”.



   3.29 Internal Audit

The Bank established an independent and vertical system for internal audit, with the internal audit departments carrying
out work under direct leadership of the Board of Directors and responsible and reporting to the Board of Directors. The
Board of Directors is responsible for the independence and effectiveness of internal audit and provides necessary protection
for internal audit to be carried out independently and objectively. The Bank’s internal audit departments consist of the
Head Office’s Audit Department and eight regional audit centers under its direct management, which perform the duty of
audit and supervision and are independent from business operation, risk management, and internal control and compliance.

Aligning internal audit with the orientation of preventing risks, strengthening management and facilitating development,
the Bank, guided by the Five-Year Plan for the Development of Audit Work (2021-2025), deepened the transformation of
audit, steadily advanced the implementation of annual audit plans, built a long-lasting mechanism for problem supervision
and rectification, and gave play to the role of risk warning, supervision and assessment, and valued-added governance.

During the reporting period, the Bank continuously accelerated the digital transformation of internal audit, and promoted
the off-site continuous audit model. Following the risk-oriented principle, it reasonably and dynamically allocated resources,
and stepped up audit and supervision over the implementation of major policies, prevention against major risks and exercise
of major powers. It also increased audit efforts targeted at tier-two branches with weak internal control, key positions with
centralized power, key fields with intensive capital and other abnormalities. During the reporting period, the Bank carried
out special audits on corporate credit granting, real estate financing, government credit-based financing, personal unsecured
loans, comprehensive risk management, liability quality, performance-based compensation, anti-money laundering and
information technology, paid continued attention to internal control risks amid complex operating environment and
contributed to the high-quality and sustainable development of the Bank.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     135
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




         3.30 External Audit of Internal Control

      During the reporting period, the Bank engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP to audit the effectiveness of
      its internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2022 in accordance with the relevant requirements of
      the Guidelines on Audit of Enterprise Internal Control and the practicing standards for PRC certified public accountants.
      Based on the audit findings, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP presented to the Bank its audit report on internal
      control. For details thereof, please refer to the relevant announcement published by the Bank on the websites of SSE
      (http://www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of the
      report.

      In its audit opinion on internal control over financial reporting of the Bank, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP was
      of the view that the Bank maintained effective internal control over financial reporting in all material aspects in accordance
      with the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and relevant regulations as at 31 December 2022.



         3.31 Auditors and Their Remunerations

      With regard to the auditors engaged by the Bank for the reporting period and their remunerations, please refer to Chapter
      5 “Report of the Board of Directors – Engagement of Auditors” of this report for details thereof.

      PricewaterhouseCoopers was the overseas auditor engaged by the Bank. Its statement of reporting obligation in respect
      of the consolidated financial statements is set out in Chapter 9 “Independent Auditor’s Report and Audited Financial
      Statements” of this report.



         3.32 R esponsibility Statement of the Board of Directors on Risk
              Management, Internal Control and Compliance Management

      The Board of Directors bears the ultimate responsibility for the Bank’s risk management, internal control and compliance
      management and is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the regulations thereon. Considering that the
      abovementioned risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
      failing to achieve business objectives, the Board of Directors can only provide reasonable instead of absolute assurance that
      the above-mentioned systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss. For details on the Bank’s
      risk management, please refer to Chapter 2 “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk Management” of this report.



         3.33 Management and Control over Subsidiaries

      During the reporting period, in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements, the Bank continued to improve the
      management systems and mechanisms for subsidiaries, further enhanced the management capability, and participated in
      the corporate governance of subsidiaries in compliance with laws and regulations. It pushed subsidiaries to establish an
      independent and effective corporate governance structure with effective checks and balances, reinforced internal control
      over risks, and refined the business collaboration mechanism between the parent company and its subsidiaries, enabling
      subsidiaries to enhance market competitiveness. Developing the guidelines for subsidiary management after in-depth survey,
      the Bank formulated new policies and procedures in line with regulatory rules in all aspects, re-examined and revised the
      Measures for Consolidated Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, further improved various management
      policies, and put in place a matrix-like consolidated management system covering all elements like corporate governance,




136   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




comprehensive risk management and business synergy. The Bank set up a cross-functional working group headed by the
senior management and held regular meetings, established a mechanism for regular communication between the parent
company and subsidiaries, supervised the implementation of the guidelines for subsidiary management, continuously
enhanced management efficiency and advanced the progress in key affairs in a coordinated manner. The Bank pressed
ahead with the “delayering and downsizing” move, refined the structure of subsidiaries, reduced equity levels, focused
more on primary duties and businesses, optimized the allocation of resources, and increased the quality and effectiveness
of penetration management. The Bank has initially built a consolidated management platform covering “all institutions, all
elements, all processes and all aspects” to further enhance the systematic and digital management of subsidiaries. No new
subsidiaries were purchased during the reporting period.



   3.34 Information on Staff and                                         Education background of employees
        Affiliates
                                                                                         3.59%
3.34.1 N umber and Mix of Employees,                                                                                        25.64%

       Number of Retirees and Affiliates
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had 61,103
employees, including 60,314 under labor contracts with the
Group and 789 dispatched to the Group or hired with letters of
engagement by the Group. The Bank had 57,023 employees, of                                           100%
which 12,046 served as managerial function, 41,685 as business
function and 3,292 as supporting function, accounting for
21.13%, 73.10% and 5.77% respectively. 14,622 employees,
25.64% of the total, held post-graduate degrees or above;
40,354 employees, 70.77% of the total, held bachelor’s degrees;                                                              70.77%
and 2,047 employees, 3.59% of the total, held junior diplomas
and qualifications below junior diploma level. The Group bore                   Bachelor’s degrees       Junior diplomas and qualifications
                                                                                                         below junior diploma level
fees for 2,238 retirees.                                                        Post-graduate or above


The Bank attached a great importance to the diversity of its                     Gender ratio of employees
employees, and as at the end of the reporting period, male and
female employees (senior management included) accounted
for 44.91% and 55.09% of the total respectively. The Bank is
of the view that the diversity at the level of employees (senior              55.09%
management included) had been achieved.




                                                                                                     100%


                                                                                                                                44.91%



                                                                                Female                   Male




                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report            137
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




                                                      The Bank’s Affiliates List (subsidiaries not included)

                                                                                                                                                                        Number of    Number of    Total assets
      Division of Region      Name of the affiliate   Business Address/Postal code                                                                                         outlets       staffs (RMB million)
      Headquarters            Head Office             Address: 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No.1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing                                 1        2,295       2,927,154
                                                      Postal Code: 100020
                              Credit Card Center      Address: CITIC Bank Building, No. 121 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong                1        5,256         504,861
                                                               Province
                                                      Postal Code: 518048
      Bohai Rim               Beijing Branch          Address: Building C, 1/F Building D, 1/F Building E and Room A 1/F Building F of Fuhua Building, No. 8                  77        3,260       1,253,047
                                                               Chaoyangmen North Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                                      Postal Code: 100027
                              Tianjin Branch          Address: A5 No. 162 Zhangzizhong Road, Heping District, Tianjin                                                         36          973         111,392
                                                      Postal Code: 300020
                              Shijiazhuang Branch     Address: CITIC Tower, No. 10, Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province                               63        1,816         127,834
                                                      Postal Code: 050000
                              Jinan Branch            Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 150, Luoyuan Street, Jinan, Shandong Province                                                 47        1,577         126,399
                                                      Postal Code: 250002
                              Qingdao Branch          Address: No. 22, Hong Kong Middle Road, Qingdao, Shandong Province                                                      53        1,672         139,247
                                                      Postal Code: 266071
                              Dalian Branch           Address: No. 29, Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province                                             24          770          64,239
                                                      Postal Code: 116001
      Yangtze River Delta     Shanghai Branch         Address: B1, Room 102-109 1/F, 201-2 2/F, 302-4 3/F, 9-15/F, No. 112 & 138 Expo Road, Pudong New Area,                  55        1,890         552,755
                                                               Shanghai
                                                      Postal Code: 200126
                              Nanjing Branch          Address: CITIC Tower, No. 348, Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province                                                85        3,365         468,381
                                                      Postal Code: 210008
                              Suzhou Branch           Address: West Building, Business Center, Financial Harbor, No. 266 East Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou Industrial Park,          28        1,188         187,445
                                                               Suzhou, Jiangsu Province
                                                      Postal Code: 215028
                              Hangzhou Branch         Address: No. 9 Jiefang East Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province                                      92        3,867         572,397
                                                      Postal Code: 310016
                              Ningbo Branch           Address: CITIC Tower, No. 36, Zhenming Road, Haishu District, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province                                 28          866         110,215
                                                      Postal Code: 315010
      Pearl River Delta and   Fuzhou Branch           Address: Hengli Financial Center, No. 6, Guanfengting Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province                   53        1,505         108,718
        West Strait                                   Postal Code: 350000
                              Xiamen Branch           Address: 334-101, 201, 301, 401, Hubin South Road, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian Province                             16          465          28,223
                                                      Postal Code: 361000
                              Guangzhou Branch        Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 233, Tianhe North Road, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province                                        104        3,378         431,628
                                                      Postal Code: 510613
                              Shenzhen Branch         Address: 5-10/F, North Tower, Phase II Time Square, No. 8 Third Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,                51        1,697         413,585
                                                               Guangdong Province
                                                      Postal Code: 518048
                              Haikou Branch           Address: Banshan Garden, No. 1 Jinmao Middle Road, Longhua District, Haikou, Hainan Province                            11          336          19,022
                                                      Postal Code: 570125




138   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                             Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                Number of      Number of    Total assets
Division of Region   Name of the affiliate   Business Address/Postal code                                                                                          outlets         staffs (RMB million)
Central China        Hefei Branch            Address: No. 396, Huizhou Avenue, Baohe District, Hefei, Anhui Province                                                  40          1,146         127,403
                                             Postal Code: 230001
                     Zhengzhou Branch        Address: CITIC Bank Building, No. 1 Business Inner Ring Road, Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou, Henan                   86          2,354         237,025
                                                       Province
                                             Postal Code: 450018
                     Wuhan Branch            Address: CITIC Tower, No. 747 Jianshe Avenue, Hankou, Wuhan, Hubei Province                                              48          1,515         193,129
                                             Postal Code: 430000
                     Changsha Branch         Address: No. 1500 Third Section of Xiangjiang North Road, Kaifu District, Changsha, Hunan Province                       41          1,221         124,883
                                             Postal Code: 410011
                     Nanchang Branch         Address: Building D3, Lvdi Central Plaza, No. 998, Hongguzhong Avenue, Honggutan District, Nanchang, Jiangxi             20            703          91,674
                                                       Province
                                             Postal Code: 330038
                     Taiyuan Branch          Address: 1-17/F, Building 31, No. 65 Pingyang Road, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province                          30            926          67,333
                                             Postal Code: 030006
Western China        Chongqing Branch        Address: No. 5 Jiangbeicheng West Avenue, Jiangbei District, Chongqing                                                   32          1,108         140,303
                                             Postal Code: 400021
                     Nanning Branch          Address: No. 36-1, Shuangyong Road, Qingxiu District, Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region                          19            554          52,507
                                             Postal Code: 530021
                     Guiyang Branch          Address: North Second Tower, BL Zone, Guizhou Financial City, Changling North Road, Guanshanhu District,                 15            445          36,970
                                                       Guiyang, Guizhou Province
                                             Postal Code: 550081
                     Hohhot Branch           Address: CITIC Tower, Ruyihe Avenue, Ruyi Development Area, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region                     32            857          47,827
                                             Postal Code: 010010
                     Yinchuan Branch         Address: No. 160 Beijing Middle Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region                           8            247          17,536
                                             Postal Code: 750002
                     Xining Branch           Address: Building 2, Shengshida Financial Center, Wenyuan Road No.1, Chengxi District, Xining, Qinghai Province           9            223          16,233
                                             Postal Code: 810008
                     Xi’an Branch            Address: No. 1, Middle Section of Zhuque Road, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province                                                   38          1,139          94,302
                                             Postal Code: 710061
                     Chengdu Branch          Address: La Defense Tower, No. 1480 North Section of Tianfu Avenue, High-Tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province            44          1,324         148,417
                                             Postal Code: 610042
                     Urumqi Branch           Address: CITIC Bank Tower, No. 165, Xinhua North Road, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region                          12            387          25,208
                                             Postal Code: 830002
                     Kunming Branch          Address: Fulin Square, Baoshan Street, Wuhua District, Kunming, Yunnan Province                                          31            854          78,848
                                             Postal Code: 650021
                     Lanzhou Branch          Address: No. 9 Minzhu West Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province                                             13            333          20,313
                                             Postal Code: 730000
                     Lhasa Branch            Address: No. 22 Jiangsu Road, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region                                                              2            123           6,580
                                             Postal Code: 850000




                                                                                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report            139
      Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                  Number of    Number of    Total assets
      Division of Region          Name of the affiliate          Business Address/Postal code                                                                        outlets       staffs (RMB million)
      Northeastern China          Harbin Branch                  Address: CITIC Tower, No. 236, Hongqi Avenue, Nangang District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province          18          509          32,181
                                                                 Postal Code: 150000
                                  Changchun Branch               Address: No. 718, Jiangong South Road, Chaoyang District, Changchun, Jilin Province                    21          491          37,669
                                                                 Postal Code: 130000
                                  Shenyang Branch                Address: No. 336, Daxi Road, Shenhe District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province                              46        1,358          52,358
                                                                 Postal Code: 110014
      Overseas                    London Branch                  5th Floor, 99 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NG, UK                                                       1           35          22,152
                                  Sydney Representative Office   Level 27, Gateway, 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia                                        1            3               –

      Notes: (1) In addition to the data listed in the above table, the Bank’s staff also included 2,984 employees at its directly affiliated Software Development Center, Big
                      Data Center and Technology Operation Center, 3 employees at Hong Kong Branch (under preparation) as well as 5 employees seconded to JSC Altyn Bank.
                 (2) The Credit Card Center mentioned in the above table had 76 sub-centers.
                 (3) The “total assets” in the above chart did not deduct the offset balance between affiliates.



      3.34.2 Human Resources Management
      During the reporting period, the Bank strengthened the top-level design for talent work, developed a plan for talent
      development, and refined the system and mechanism for selecting members of leadership and gathering and training talents.
      Aligned with business transformation, the Bank precisely allocated human resources, training resources and remuneration
      resources across the Bank, and advanced the building of talent teams in a coordinated manner to increase their professional
      competence and continuously stimulate their vigor in working and entrepreneurship.

      During the reporting period, the Bank adhered to a remuneration concept featuring position value, performance
      contribution and competence unleashing. In accordance with the principle of unifying effective incentives with strict
      constraints, the Bank constantly optimized the remuneration distribution mechanism with value creation at the core,
      improved the structure for internal income distribution, channeled more remuneration resources to front office and basic-
      level employees, and gave full play to the positive incentive role of remuneration, so as to drive the strategic development
      of the Bank and implement various regulatory requirements.

      Employee remuneration of the Bank consists of basic remuneration and performance-based remuneration, with the former
      determined by employees’ job responsibilities and abilities in duty performance, and the latter linked to the Bank’s overall
      operating results and employees’ personal performance. In accordance with national policies, the Bank put in place a
      remuneration mechanism that matches remuneration incentives with performance and risk, continuously improved the
      policy of delayed payment of performance-based remuneration for middle and senior-level officials and employees in key
      positions, and established a system for the clawback of performance-based remuneration paid to employees violating rules
      or disciplines or performing duties poorly based on the decisions about accountability.

      3.34.3 Human Resources Training and Development
      The Bank carried out training centering on the Bank’s business development and employee growth, and held 3,737
      training sessions during the reporting period, recording 850,300 person-times participation. Focusing on key themes like
      wealth management, treasury business, digital operation and anti-money laundering practice, the Bank provided business
      training by levels and categories for first-line employees, and pressed ahead with the face-to-face “pre-service and on-the-
      job” training for management personnel and the cultivation of various talent teams. The Bank developed and initiated the
      Three-Year Plan for the Education and Training of Party Members of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and, with the
      online Party school as the main training venue, advanced the education and training of Party members across the Bank in a
      deep-going way. Meanwhile, aligned with the strategy of digital transformation, the Bank initially built a bank-wide digital
      competence training system, and held online training for the “Accelerated Digitalization Campaign”, raising employees’
      digital thinking and awareness and creating a sound atmosphere for digital transformation. Thanks to its outstanding
      performance in talent training, the Bank was honored by the Training magazine awards including “Excellent Practice Case”,
      “Brand Learning Project” and “Selected Training Course” for enterprise talent development.




140   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chapter 3 Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CNCB              CIF Investment Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CIF Investment


                                                                                                                                      Tier-two Branches                           Sub-Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                             CNCBI          CIAM                                                      Fund Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Hong Kong) Capital     Management (Beijing)      (Shenzhen)




                                                                          Board of


                                                                                                                                                          Tier-one Branches                                                                                        CNCB Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CITIC

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             JSC Altyn Bank
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CITIC Wealth

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CITIC aiBank
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Lin’an CITIC


                                                                       Supervisors Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CIFH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Leasing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Rural Bank




                                                                                               Nomination                                                                                                                      Technology Operation Center
                                                                                                                                                                       Units Directly




                                                Board of Supervisors
                                                                                               Committee                                                                 under the                                                      Big Data Center

                                                                                                                                                                        Head Office                                           Software Development Center




                                                                                               Supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Audit Department


                                                                                               Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Credit Card Center

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Asset Management Business Center

                                                                                                Consumer                                                                                                                               Administration Department

                                                                                             Rights Protection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Security Department)


                                                                                                Committee                                                                                                                          Culture and Labor Union Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Disciplinary Inspection Office




                              General Meeting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Operation Management Department


                                                                                             Nomination and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Information Technology Management Department

                                                                                              Remuneration                                                                                                                              Personal Loan Department

                                                                                               Committee                                                                                                                               Private Banking Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Wealth Management Department


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Retail Banking Department


                                                                                               Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Consumer Rights Protection Office)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Markets Department

                                                                                                  Committee                                                                                                                             Asset Custody Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Credit Business System Group Development Office

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    International Business Department


                                                                                             Audit and Related
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Investment Banking Department (Science and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Technology Innovation Finance Center)

                                                                                             Party Transactions                                                                                                                     Transaction Banking Department


                                                                                             Control Committee                                                                                                              Government and Institutional Client Department




3.34.4 Organizational Chart
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Client Department




                                                Board of Directors                                                Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Inclusive Finance Department/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Rural Revitalization Department)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Key Client Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Finance Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Compliance Department



                                                                                                                                                                                 Head Office Tier-one
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Law and Asset Preservation Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Credit Execution Department




                                                                                                                                                                              (Quasi-Tier-one) Departments
                                                                                            Strategic and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Risk Management Department
                                                                                             Sustainable
                                                                                            Development                                                                                                                              Asset and Liability Department

                                                                          Board of
                                                                                             Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Finance and Accounting Department


                                                                       Directors Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Human Resources Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             General Office




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report              141
      Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

      The Bank attaches great importance to the mutual sustainable development along with all stakeholders. It fully integrates
      the sustainable development concept into its strategy and culture, continuously improves the sustainable development
      management system, and is committed to becoming a green bank, humanistic bank, caring bank, honest bank, value bank
      and brand bank.

      During the reporting period, the Bank reinforced the role of the Board of Directors in providing strategic guidance for
      ESG development. The “Strategic Development Committee” under the Board of Directors was renamed to the “Strategic
      and Sustainable Development Committee”, which is responsible for coordinating ESG system development. The Bank
      continuously improved the ESG management system, formulated the Measures of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
      for Environmental, Social and Governance Management, and further optimized the ESG mechanism. The Bank drafted the
      Environmental, Social and Governance Action Plan of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, setting short and medium-
      term ESG development objectives and charting a clear implementation path.

      In November 2022, the Bank officially became the supporter of Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD).

      For further information about the Bank’s ESG, please refer to the 2022 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC
      Bank Corporation Limited published by the Bank on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the publication date of this report.



         4.1 Environment Information

      The Bank incorporated green finance into its strategic planning, established a green finance development system, formulated
      green finance credit policies, and actively supported the development of green finance. Following the requirements of
      national policies on energy conservation and environmental protection, the Bank actively pushed forward relevant measures
      for green operation, always advocated “green office”, strengthened “carbon footprint” audit, and supported the realization
      of the goals of “peak carbon emissions” and “carbon neutrality”. During the reporting period, there was no administrative
      punishment imposed to the Bank due to environmental issues.

      4.1.1 Green Finance
      The Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing green
      finance development strategies, objectives and reports, supervising and assessing the Bank’s implementation of green
      finance. The steering group for green finance headed by the President of the Bank was established to be responsible for
      coordinating the management and advancement of the Bank’s green finance business, developing green finance business
      development strategies and objectives, and guiding the implementation of green finance.

      During the reporting period, the Bank conducted in-depth research on green finance sector, and completed the industrial
      research on green and low-carbon areas such as new energy vehicle, new energy and carbon trading as well as the areas
      under high carbon reduction pressure such as coal, steel, cement and thermal power. The Bank formulated green finance
      credit policies, clarified its green finance policies and business orientation, proactively supported the industries abreast with
      green development trends, and raised the proportion of green business. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
      of green credit was RMB334.082 billion, representing an increase of 66.97% compared with the end of the previous year, a
      growth rate exceeding that of other credits of the Bank.

      In response to the state’s major policies and strategic plans, the Bank made unremitting efforts in business innovation,
      increased support to green finance, and endeavored to boost green economic development.

      In terms of green bonds, during the reporting period, green bonds underwritten by the Bank totaled RMB5.526 billion.
      Meanwhile, the Bank paid continuous attention to the financial products themed on ecology and environmental protection
      such as carbon neutrality, and further strengthened support to green bonds. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      investment in green bonds totaled RMB10.676 billion.




142   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                         Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




In terms of structured deposits related to carbon neutrality, with strong product design capacities, the Bank issued the first
structured deposit product pegged to carbon neutrality interest rate bond in China. As at the end of 2022, the Bank issued
11 structured deposit products related to carbon neutrality accumulatively, surpassing RMB1.13 billion in total amount,
and effectively increased the activity of trading for green bonds related to carbon neutrality in the market.

In terms of green wealth management, CITIC Wealth Management actively delivered green value, and made breakthroughs
in green finance products. During the reporting period, it issued 9 products themed on ESG and green concept. As at the
end of the reporting period, there were 12 green wealth management products with a total scale of RMB2.996 billion.

In terms of green leasing, CITIC Financial Leasing leveraged its specialized advantages to accelerate the development of
household distributed photovoltaic and promote the development of green and intelligent shipping, with the focus on three
fields which are new energy, new materials and new environment. As at the end of the reporting period, the leasing balance
in the green and environmental protection filed accounted for nearly 60% of the total, and the green leasing balance
reached RMB27.474 billion.

4.1.2 Green Operation
The Bank actively put green operation and office concept into practice, and constantly managed its environmental footprint
in five aspects including energy, carbon emission, water use, paper consumption and waste, with a view to minimize
resource consumption and pollutant discharge.

In terms of energy management, the Bank took a range of energy saving measures to reduce carbon emissions from
operating activities. In terms of the use of official vehicles, the Bank implemented allocation and procurement standards
for official vehicles, and gave priority to new energy vehicles to control gasoline consumption at the source. In terms of
the use of natural gas, the natural gas valves were closed in time to reduce natural gas consumption, and at the same time,
natural gas pipelines were checked on a regular basis and problems were processed. In terms of the use of the lighting
system, the Bank preferably selected energy-saving lamps and electric appliances, and kept lighting facilities off in idle
offices and meeting rooms. In terms of the use of the air conditioning system, the Bank’s headquarters are set at a
suitable temperature, with the volume automatically adjusted in different periods, and the air conditioning is kept off on
Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays.

In terms of water resource management, the Bank refined the management of water resources. It proactively promoted
water-saving appliances, stepped up the maintenance of water-using equipment, used water dispensers in tea rooms and
regularly replaced filter. Employees were reminded to turn off faucets after use.

In terms of paper management, the Bank pursued paperless office and encouraged email instead of printing and copying.
The mode is defaulted as “double-sided printing” on computers, and the paper weight in the headquarters was reduced
from 80g to 70g.

In terms of waste management, the Bank adopted sound and reasonable methods to ensure proper treatment and disposal
of different types of waste.

The Bank vigorously facilitated social transformation towards low carbon. It constantly enriched online products and
improved online services to create premium personalized customer experience. In addition, it streamlined the repayment
process via mobile banking through intelligent solutions to achieve one-key repayment, and optimized the error page
prompts and operation guidance, reducing customers’ physical travel needs to outlets.

The Bank launched a folder product for e-voice management for corporate customers. As at the end of 2022, it provided
full-process e-voice management services such as e-invoice collection, authentication and duplication check, reimbursement
and filing for 8,838 corporate customers to reduce the waste caused by printing of accounting documents, helping
enterprises to realize paperless e-invoice management in the whole process. It also introduced electronic credential standards
in the form of OFD recognized by the MOF, providing directly linked customers with online electronic credentials such as
corporate bank receipt and full statement in the form of OFD.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     143
      Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




         4.2 Social Responsibility Information

      The Group took solid steps to fulfill its social responsibilities. In response to the national strategic plans for rural
      revitalization, it boosted rural revitalization through financial services. The Bank constantly promoted the targeted financial
      assistance, consolidated the achievements of poverty alleviation, tried to protect customers rights and interests, enhanced the
      popularization and education of financial knowledge, focused on the data and privacy security, and reinforced the control
      of the security operation.

      4.2.1 Rural Revitalization
      The Bank conscientiously implemented the strategic plans of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council for rural
      revitalization, and strictly observed the policies of the People’s Bank of China and CBIRC. It developed an action plan
      for rural revitalization, increased the granting of rural revitalization loans through system and mechanism development,
      policy support and other measures, consistently improved the quality and efficiency of financial services to boost rural
      revitalization, and developed distinctive service capacities.

      During the reporting period, the Bank kept improving its rural revitalization system, set up a steering group for inclusive
      finance and rural revitalization headed by the President, strengthened institutional setting and staffing of the Head Office
      and branches, and preliminarily built an organizational structure for rural revitalization.

      During the reporting period, the Bank further improved its performance evaluation incentive and risk policies for rural
      revitalization, expanded the scope of subsidies applicable to rural revitalization loans, perfected business authorization and
      NPL tolerance evaluation mechanisms, and instructed branches to expand rural revitalization business through policies and
      supporting measures.

      As for business expansion, the Bank regularly held rural revitalization business advancement and discussion meetings,
      strengthened cooperation with companies in the national agricultural credit guarantee system, and leveraged online
      products to serve new-type agricultural operation entities such as micro and small agricultural enterprises at the upstream
      and downstream of core enterprises and farmer cooperatives. It launched products exclusive for rural revitalization such as
      high-standard farmland construction loan and forest ownership mortgage loan, and created agriculture-related distinctive
      products and models such as “Forest Loan”, “Silage Loan” and “Silage Financing” based on regional characteristics.
      During the reporting period, the Bank witnessed a surge in agriculture-related loans, surpassing 10% of all general loans
      and enabling the Bank the only joint-stock bank named “excellent financial institutions in serving rural revitalization” in
      regulatory evaluation.

      As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 48.3 thousand accounts of agriculture-related customers, up by 2.2
      thousand accounts compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of the Bank’s agriculture-related loans stood at
      RMB486.930 billion, up by RMB90.339 billion or 22.78% compared with the end of the previous year, faster than average
      growth rate of all general loans. Among them, the balance of personal agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB35.125
      billion, an increase of RMB4.613 billion or 15.12% from the beginning of the year; the balance of agriculture-related
      inclusive loans was RMB33.066 billion, an increase of RMB8.984 billion or 37.31% from the beginning of the year; loans
      granted to key areas such as agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery as well as rural infrastructure also recorded
      growth.




144   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                            Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




4.2.2 Consolidation and Expansion of Achievements in Poverty Alleviation
Precision Assistance with Financial Services
During the reporting period, the Bank proactively fulfilled its responsibilities as a state-owned financial enterprise, and
effectively consolidated and expanded achievements made in the fight against poverty alleviation through the regular
meetings held by inclusive finance and rural revitalization leader group and the working group consisting of more than 30
related departments.

During the reporting period, the Bank strictly implemented the requirements of shaking off no responsibilities, policies,
assistance and regulations even when poverty has been shaken off, maintained supporting policies and efforts stable, and
advanced the sustained growth of balance of loans for precision poverty alleviation with financial services and loans in
previously impoverished areas. The Bank increased guidance for credit granting, focused on key areas such as industrial
assistance, employment assistance and micro-credit for those who have got rid of poverty, and strengthened credit support
based on the list of poverty alleviation identification information to make assistance with financial services more precise.
The Bank scaled up product service support, pressed ahead with infrastructure construction such as mobile banking and
online banking, optimized and promoted online products and supply chain financial services, and expanded the coverage of
financial services. It provided continuous policy and resource support, incorporated the business performance of loans for
precision poverty alleviation into the comprehensive performance appraisal of branches and put in place the allocation of
special subsidies. Furthermore, the Bank specified requirements for risk tolerance, and implemented due diligence liability
exemption. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans for precision poverty alleviation with financial
services stood at RMB32.833 billion, a rise of RMB1.984 billion from the end of last year. The number of customers with
outstanding loans was 1.016 million. During the reporting period, the risk interest rate of loans newly granted was basically
balanced.

In 2023, following the decisions and plans of the nation, the Bank will conscientiously implement regulatory requirements,
strengthen top-level planning and support in key areas, improve project screening and risk management, grant loans in
compliance with the law, and effectively consolidate and expand the poverty alleviation outcomes.

Poverty Alleviation with Donations
With the focus on four aspects of paired assistance, assistance through education, charity, and assistance through
consumption during the reporting period, the Bank continued to carry out paired poverty alleviation in Xietongmen
County of Tibet, Aksu City and Payzawat County of Xinjiang, Dangchang County of Gansu Province, Pingbian County
of Yunnan Province and Qianjiang District of Chongqing as well as projects of poverty alleviation through education in 19
provinces, cities and autonomous regions across China. Under the organization of local governments, 23 branches of the
Bank consistently supported 57 villages which have shaken off poverty to consolidate poverty alleviation achievements and
pursue rural revitalization. As at the end of 2022, the Bank dispatched a total of 73 full-time and part-time officials (including
24 officials serving as the first secretary and 3 officials residing at counties (districts)) to 42 villages in 3 counties (districts).




                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report      145
      Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB10,000
       Item                                                                                                        Numbers and Progress
       Overview
       Invested funds                                                                                                            855.04
       Benefited Low-income People or People in Need                                                    122.1 thousand people from 36.8
                                                                                                                    thousand households

       Inputs by major category
       Paired Assistance
         Including: Types of Assistance                                              Rural industries, infrastructure, education, culture,
                                                                                              ecological revitalization, consolidation of
                                                                                                   poverty alleviation results and others
                     Number of Assistance Projects (unit)                                                                              98
                     Invested Amount                                                                                               469.72
       Assistance through Education
         Including: Amount of Financial Assistance for Students in                                                                  241.14
                        Difficulty
                     Number of Students Assisted (person)                                                                             8,204
       Charity
         Including: Types of Implemented Projects                            Urban and rural social welfare activities, disaster relief, etc.
                     Number of Projects (unit)                                                                                            92
                     Amount of Donations of Charity Projects                                                                         161.09
       Assistance through Consumption
         Including: Amount of Agricultural Products Procured from Less                                                            4,590.26
                        Developed Areas


      4.2.3 Consumer Rights Protection
      Upholding the “people-centered” development philosophy, the Bank put customers in the first place when providing
      financial services, strictly carried out relevant requirements of the People’s Bank of China and CBIRC, constantly improved
      the quality and efficiency of consumer protection, and committed itself to providing considerate financial services for
      consumers. During the reporting period, the Bank was rated A in the 2021 consumer protection assessment of the People’s
      Bank of China.

      During the reporting period, the Bank made more efforts to mechanism and system development for consumer rights
      and interests protection. It formulated the consumer rights and interests protection rule system featuring “1+14+2” (1
      basic system, 14 specified systems and 2 rules of procedures) including the Administrative Measures for Consumer Rights
      Protection, the Administrative Measures for the Protection of Consumer Financial Information, the Administrative Measures for
      Accountability of Violations in Consumer Rights Protection Complaints from Consumers, and the Rule of Procedure of Consumer
      Rights Protection Working Committee focusing on key aspects in consumer rights and interests protection such as consumer
      protection management, information disclosure, complaint management, consumer protection review, financial knowledge
      publicity and financial consumer information protection. It improved the quality and effectiveness of preliminary review
      of consumer rights and interests protection. During the reporting period, the Bank reviewed 10,853 transactions in
      connection with consumer rights and interests protection. It conducted special governance in connection with protection of
      financial information about consumers, updated the agreements with customers and the cooperation agreements with third
      parties to ensure their rights to information, independent selection and information security. The Bank reinforced training
      on consumer protection in width and breadth, covering nearly 54,500 personnel including senior executives, business line
      employees and new employees. It raised the weight of consumer rights protection in the performance evaluation of the
      Head Office’s departments and branches.




146   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




During the reporting period, the Bank further enhanced complaint management and incorporated it into all links of
corporate governance. It made persistent efforts to enhance tiered and classified management of complaints by category,
advanced diverse settlement mechanism development, ramped up efforts in rectifying problems related to complaints, and
moved ahead with the digital system for analyzing customer complaints, in a bid to improve complaint management in an
all-round way. During the reporting period, the Bank received a total of 23,862 regulatory referrals for complaints, which
mainly involved business such as credit cards, personal loans and debit card account management with a proportion of
78.53%, 9.19% and 6.02% respectively. In terms of geographical distribution, the complaints were mainly concentrated in
Guangdong47, Shandong and Beijing, accounting for 80.86%, 1.98% and 1.86% respectively.

During the reporting period, the Bank prepared a plan for integrating centralized and regular publicity and education
activities. It took an active part in the publicity and education activities organized by regulators, and conducted 10,340
activities reaching consumers for 426 million person-times. Its online activities received clicks of more than 95.97 million.
In “3•15” Education and Publicity Week of CBIRC and the education and publicity campaigns of four ministries and
commissions, the Bank was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Organizer”. The Bank set apart a zone for publicity
and education in outlets, and proactively carried out publicity activities in communities, enterprises and campuses. It
actively pushed forward online publicity. Some works of authorship were reposted and pushed by regulators, national anti-
fraud centers and colleges for the elderly.

4.2.4 Privacy and Data Security
The Bank attached great importance to customer privacy protection and data security management. During the reporting
period, the Bank constantly improved information security rules and specifications, reinforced the customer data security
protection system, and comprehensively strengthened privacy and data security protection through risk assessment and
audit supervision, participation in external test certification and other measures.

During the reporting period, the Bank revised and issued the Administrative Measures for Information Security of China
CITIC Bank, the Administrative Measures for Customer Information Protection of China CITIC Bank, the Administrative
Measures for Digital Data Security of China CITIC Bank and other personal information protection rules and specifications,
setting forth the security protection management requirements for all links throughout the lifecycle of personal information
and electronic data. On the premise of safeguarding the rights and interests of customers and respecting the wishes of
customers, the Bank standardized control measures such as data encryption, minimum authorization and anonymization
in customer information collection and use, and established a complete working mechanism including emergency plan,
risk treatment, event reporting and public opinion monitoring, thus effectively preventing data and personal information
security risks.

During the reporting period, the Bank strengthened lifecycle security management of customer data mainly in the aspects
of data resource, user and transmission. In terms of data resource, the Bank refined data resources level by level (network
layer, system application layer, functional and user behavior layer) and took measures such as integrated network partition,
user and authority management and user behavior audit to strengthen customer information and data security protection.
In terms of data user, the Bank ensured the security and compliance of operation and use of customer data through stricter
authentication of personnel access to network, terminal security management, user behavior audit and other measures at the
data user side. In terms of data transmission, the Bank ensured the security of data transmission through measures such
as review & approval, sensitive data screening, and data encryption & desensitization mechanisms. Moreover, the Bank
developed and promoted tiered data protection by category, classified the security by sensitivity of customer information
and data, and strengthened the protection of highly sensitive data through encryption, desensitization and other measures.




47	As the Credit Card Center of the Bank is located in Shenzhen, the complaints of credit card business have been included in Guangdong Province.




                                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report   147
      Chapter 4 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)




      During the reporting period, after strict testing and certification review at an early stage, the Bank’s ten APPs such as
      mobile banking and Mobile Card Space successively passed “FinTech Product Certification” and were filed in real name
      through the application software on mobile financial client of National Internet Finance Association of China, as a result
      the quality standards were achieved and controllable in the aspects of client software security, barcode payment security
      and protection of customers’ personal information. In November 2022, as one of the first 17 institutions having passed
      the “FinTech Product Certification”, the Bank was awarded the title of “FinTech Product Certification Demonstration
      Institution” at the certificate granting ceremony titled “Transfer of Trust and Service for Development” held by National
      Fintech Certification Center.

      During the reporting period, the Bank’s information systems operated stably, without any major information system
      production event, cybersecurity, information security or privacy leak event.



         4.3 Governance Information

      The Bank’s sustainable development was comprehensively supervised and guided by the Board of Directors. The Board
      of Directors and its special committees regularly reviewed and discussed important topics related to ESG and effectively
      performed their ESG-related responsibilities such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and anti-
      money laundering.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the 2021 Annual Report and the 2022 Interim
      Report (the annual report and interim report cover ESG-related contents such as inclusive finance, green finance and
      information security), the 2021 Sustainable Development Report, the Professional Code of Ethics for Directors, Supervisors
      and Senior Management Members, the Renaming of and Addition of ESG Coordination Duty to the Strategic Development
      Committee under the Board of Directors, the Strategic Plan for Data and other proposals, and listened to the Development
      of Inclusive Finance in 2021 and the Work Plan for 2022, the reports on consumer rights protection for 2021 and half
      year of 2022 and other reports. The committees under the Board of Directors reviewed and listened to the above topics in
      advance within the scope of their duties, and put forward suggestions to the Board of Directors.

      With respect to risk assessment relating to social and environmental responsibilities, the Bank’s senior management
      delivered to the Board of Directors the regular comprehensive risk management reports, the Report on Information
      Technology Risk Management in 2021, the Report on Reputational Risk Management in 2021, the Outsourcing Risk
      Assessment Report for 2021, the Report on Internal Control Compliance and Anti-money Laundering for 2021 and half
      year of 2022 and other reports, involving reputational risk, money laundering risk, supplier risk, protection of consumers’
      financial information and other ESG-related risks.

      The Bank’s Board of Supervisors highly valued ESG-related work. During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors
      reviewed and approved the 2021 Annual Report, the 2022 Interim Report and the 2021 Sustainable Development Report. It
      issued the Supervision Reminder Letters, prompting problems, putting forward opinions and suggestions, and improving the
      quality and effectiveness of ESG supervision from the supervision perspective.

      For details of corporate governance, please refer to Chapter 3 of this report.




148   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors

   5.1 Principal Business

The Bank is engaged in commercial banking and related financial services.



   5.2 Material Litigations and Arbitrations

The Group was involved in several litigation and arbitration cases in its ordinary and usual course of business. Most
of these litigations and arbitrations were initiated by the Group for loan recovery, and there were also litigations and
arbitrations resulting from disputes with customers. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 97 outstanding
litigation and arbitration cases (regardless of the disputed amounts) in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business
where the Group acted as defendant/respondent with an aggregate disputed amount of RMB0.577 billion.

The Bank is of the view that the above-mentioned litigations or arbitrations have no significant adverse impacts on either
its financial position or its operating results.



   5.3 Appropriation of Funds by the Controlling Shareholder and Other
        Related Parties

There was no appropriation of the Bank’s funds by either the controlling shareholder or other related parties.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP has issued the Special Report on Fund Appropriation by the Controlling
Shareholder of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and Other Related Parties with regard to appropriation of the
Bank’s funds by the controlling shareholder and other related parties in 2022. Please refer to the relevant announcements
the Bank disclosed on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
(www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report for relevant information.



   5.4 Material Related Party Transactions

The Bank identified related parties and conducted related party transactions in accordance with the requirements of
regulators such as the CBIRC, SSE and SEHK as well as accounting standards. When engaging in transactions with related
parties during its ordinary and usual course of business, the Bank executed the transactions with terms no more favorable
than those available to independent third parties according to general business principles, which served the overall interests
of the Bank and its shareholders. For statistical details of the related party transactions, please refer to Note 58 to the
financial statement contained in this report, of which the transactions constituting connected transactions as per Chapter
14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules all complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. Except what has been disclosed under this sector, other related party transactions constitute no connected
transactions as per Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     149
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




      According to regulatory rules of the CBIRC, the Bank submitted material related party transactions with related parties
      to the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of Directors for preliminary review on
      a case-by-case basis, and then presented them to the Board of Directors for deliberation and disclosure, and filed them
      with the CBIRC for record. According to regulatory rules of the SSE and the SEHK, the Bank strictly controlled as that
      the businesses with applied annual caps of related party transactions were conducted within the caps; for the businesses
      without applied annual caps of related party transactions the Bank properly managed and monitored and once the review
      or disclosure requirements were triggered, timely performed review or disclosure procedures according to the regulatory
      requirements. According to rules of the Ministry of Finance, the Bank accurately disclosed related party transactions
      information in the notes to the financial statements. On the basis of reporting credit and non-credit related party
      transactions to the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of Directors on a quarterly
      basis, the Bank submitted data to the related party transactions regulation system in accordance with the requirements of
      the CBIRC. During the reporting period, each of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and the
      Board of Directors held 14 meetings concerning related party transactions, reviewed and approved 15 proposals regarding
      related party transactions involving 154 material related party credits totaling RMB432.952 billion. The Bank published
      30 extraordinary announcements on related party transactions in SSE and SEHK, and disclosed material related party
      transactions and continuing related party transactions in two periodic reports, which met regulatory requirements.


      5.4.1 Related Party Transactions Involving Disposal and Acquisition of Assets or
             Equity
      During the reporting period, the Bank was not engaged in any material related party transactions involving the disposal or
      acquisition of assets or equity under the rules of the SSE.


      5.4.2 Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
      In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020
      convened on 30 October 2020, the Bank applied to SSE for the respective annual caps on credit extension from 2021
      to 2023 for related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates, with related parties where the Bank’s related
      natural persons invested in/worked for. In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 32nd
      meeting of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors convened on 27 August 2020, the Bank applied to SSE for the
      respective annual caps on credit extension from 2021 to 2023 for related party transactions with Xinhu Zhongbao and
      its associates, and with China Tobacco and its associates. Subject to the regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank,
      the 2022 annual caps on credit extension for related party transactions with the aforementioned parties under the SSE
      regulatory criteria are listed as follows:

                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                                                       Annual cap
                                            Counterparty
                                                                                              Business type                   Basis of calculation        in 2022
                                   CITIC Group and its associates                                                                                          2,000
                                  Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates                                                                                          200
                                   China Tobacco and its associates                                                                                          200
                                           Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.   Credit extension transactions   Credit line                    100
        Related parties where the Bank’s   New China Life Insurance Company Ltd.                                                                              50
           related natural persons
           invested in/worked for          Cinda Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                         20
                                           China Life Pension Company Limited                                                                                 50




150   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                  Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




In addition, as per relevant CBIRC requirements, the balance of the Bank’s credit extension to a single related party may
not exceed 10% of the Bank’s net capital of the preceding quarter end, the total balance of the Bank’s credit extension to
its group customer which the single related legal person or non-legal person organization belongs to may not exceed 15%
of the Bank’s net capital of the preceding quarter end, and the balances of credit extension to all related parties may not
exceed 50% of the Bank’s net capital of the preceding quarter end.

The Bank attached great importance to the day-to-day monitoring and management of related party credit extension
transactions and ensured lawfulness and compliance of such transactions by enhancing relevant measures such as more
intensive process-based management, strict risk review and better post-lending management of related credit extension. As
at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit that the Bank and its subsidiaries extended to all related enterprises
under the SSE regulatory criteria amounted to RMB119.942 billion, including RMB114.369 billion to CITIC Group
and its associates, RMB3.536 billion to Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates and zero to China Tobacco and its associates;
and RMB2.037 billion to related parties where the Bank’s related natural persons invested in/worked for (specifically zero
to Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. and RMB0.2 billion to Cinda Securities Co., Ltd48. which have
applied for upper limits, and a total of RMB1.837 billion to other related enterprises where the Bank’s related natural
persons invested in/worked for which have not applied for upper limits49). Under the CBIRC regulatory criteria, the total
balance of credit that the Bank and its subsidiaries extended to all related enterprises amounted to RMB145.625 billion,
including RMB78.684 billion, RMB18.496 billion and RMB0.147 billion to CITIC Group, Xinhu Zhongbao and China
Tobacco, respectively, and RMB48.298 billion to other related parties. Such credit extensions to related enterprises were
of good quality in general, with 4 being special mention loans (RMB1.661 billion), and 3 being loss loans (RMB1.319
billion), and all others being performing loans. As such, these credit extension transactions exerted no material impacts on
the normal operation of the Bank in terms of transaction volume, structure and quality. The credit extension businesses
conducted between the Bank and the aforementioned related parties were conducted on normal commercial terms within
the caps and were executed with terms no more favorable than those terms available to independent third parties.

The Bank stringently followed the SSE and CBIRC requirements on review and disclosure procedures. As at the end of the
reporting period, there was no fund exchange, appropriation or other situations as set forth in the Regulatory Guidelines for
Listed Companies No. 8 – Regulatory Requirements for Fund Transactions and External Guarantees of Listed Companies (CSRC
Announcement [2022] No.26). The related loans that the Bank extended to CITIC Group and its associates, Xinhu
Zhongbao and its associates, China Tobacco and its associates, and the related parties which the Bank’s related natural
persons invested in/worked for have no material adverse impact on the operating results or financial position of the Bank.



5.4.3 Non-Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 32nd meeting of the 5th Session of the
Board of Directors convened on 27 August 2020 and the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020 convened on 30
October 2020, the Bank applied to the SSE and the SEHK for the annual caps on the seven main categories of non-credit
extension continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates for 2021-2023, and has entered into
relevant continuing related party transactions framework agreements on the same day of the Board of Directors’ meeting.
In line with the need for business development, and with review and approval from the 8th meeting of the 6th Session
of the Board of Directors convened on 24 December 2021, the Bank revised the annual caps on continuing related party
transactions under asset custody services for 2021-2023 with CITIC Group and its associates and entered into the new
Framework Agreement on Asset Custody Services with CITIC Group on the day of the meeting of the Board of Directors. The
non-credit extension transactions between the Bank and the aforementioned related parties followed general commercial
principles and were executed with terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties.

The Bank carried out continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates according to the applicable
provisions of Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and Chapter 10 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange. Particulars for the reporting period thereof are described as follows:



48	Since 24 June 2022, New China Life Insurance Company Ltd., and China Life Pension Company Limited no longer constituted related parties of the Bank. On
         30 June 2022, the Bank and it subsidiaries’ balances of credit to New China Life Insurance Company Ltd., and China Life Pension Company Limited were both
         zero.
49	None of the occurring amounts of credit extension related party transactions of related parties where the Bank’s related natural persons invested in/worked for
         which have not applied for upper limits reached the disclosure standard as specified in the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report         151
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




      5.4.3.1 Third-Party Escrow Services
      Third-party escrow services between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates shall be delivered on terms no more
      favorable than those available to independent third parties. The service fees payable to the Bank by CITIC Group and its
      associates shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price and subject to periodic reviews. The principal terms of
      the Third-Party Escrow Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to provide third-party escrow services in
      connection with the transaction settlement funds of the customers of different securities companies; (2) the services to be
      provided under the agreement include but are not limited to funds payment, funds transfer, payment of interest and other
      settlement-related matters; (3) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to, pay service fees to the service
      provider (if applicable); (4) the third-party escrow services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no
      more favorable than those comparable terms available to independent third parties.

      During the reporting period, related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank and CITIC Group
      and its associates are as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                      Transaction
                                                                                                         Annual cap       amount
       Counterparty                      Business type                   Basis of calculation               in 2022      in 2022
       CITIC Group and its associates    Third-Party Escrow Services     Service fee income/expense              2.5            0.17

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank
      and CITIC Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

      5.4.3.2 Asset Custody Services
      Asset custody services, account management services and third-party regulatory services provided between the Bank and
      CITIC Group and its associates shall be delivered on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third
      parties. The service fees payable to each other shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price and the categories
      of assets or funds under custody, subject to periodic review. The principal terms of the Asset Custody Service Framework
      Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to provide asset custody services and account management services in connection with
      financial assets or funds, including but not limited to, assets under management by fund companies (including securities
      investment funds), assets under management by securities companies, assets under management by trust companies, wealth
      management products of commercial banks, assets under management by insurance companies, private funds, enterprise
      annuities, QDII, QFII, social insurance funds, welfare plans, asset custody services and account management services for
      funds of third-party transactions and etc.; (2) to conduct third-party supervising services, the service recipient shall pay the
      service fees; (3) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to, pay service fees to the service provider; and
      (4) the asset custody, account management and third-party regulatory services to be provided under the agreement shall be
      made on terms no more favorable than those available for comparable independent third parties.

      During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and CITIC Group and
      its associates are as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                      Transaction
                                                                                                         Annual cap       amount
       Counterparty                      Business type                   Basis of calculation               in 2022      in 2022
       CITIC Group and its associates    Asset Custody Services          Service fee income/expense               18           11.87

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and
      CITIC Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.




152   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




5.4.3.3 Financial Consulting and Asset Management Services
The financial consulting and asset management services provided between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates
shall have no fixed prices or rates. The price and rate applicable to a particular service may be calculated on the basis of
the scale, rate and duration of the service, and shall be determined on the principle that the terms are no more favorable
than those available to any independent third party. The principal terms of the Financial Consulting Service and Asset
Management Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) services conducted include but are not limited
to bond underwriting, financing and financial consulting services, financial products agency sales, asset securitization
underwriting, entrusted loans services, underwriting of investment and financing projects, consulting services, and
management of factoring receivables, collection of receivables and guarantee for bad loans, etc.; (2) the service recipient
shall, and will procure its associates to pay service fees for the services (if applicable); and (3) the financial consulting
and asset management services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no more favorable than those
comparable terms applicable to independent third parties.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management services between the
Bank and CITIC Group and its associates are as follows:

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                  Transaction
                                                                                                     Annual cap       amount
 Counterparty                      Business type                    Basis of calculation                in 2022      in 2022
 CITIC Group and its associates    Financial Consulting and Asset   Service fee income/expense              45            2.21
                                      Management Services

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management
services between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the
Bank.

5.4.3.4 Capital Transactions
The Bank and CITIC Group and its associates shall conduct capital transactions in their ordinary and usual course of
business according to applicable general market practices and on normal commercial terms. The prices and rates applicable
to such transactions shall be the prevailing market prices with reference to the rates generally applicable to independent
third parties for similar transactions. Specifically, for foreign exchange and precious metals transactions, precious metals
leasing, money market transactions, bond transactions and other business, the two parties shall price their transactions
according to publicly available market prices; for agency settlement of bonds business, the two parties shall decide the
rates thereof according to prevailing industrial regulations; and for financial derivatives, transaction prices shall be decided
in accordance with factors such as the level of market activity of the underlying products, openly available market quotes
and the Bank’s requirements relating to the management of various risks. The principal terms of the Capital Transactions
Framework Agreement are set out as follows: transactions covered, including but not limited to foreign currency and
precious metals transactions, precious metals leasing, money market transactions, bond transactions, agency settlement of
bonds and financial derivatives transactions.

During the reporting period, related party capital transactions between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates are as
follows:

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                  Transaction
                                                                                                     Annual cap       amount
 Counterparty                     Business type                 Basis of calculation                    in 2022      in 2022
 CITIC Group and its associates   Capital Transactions          Gains and losses of transactions            22            3.30
                                                                Fair value recorded as assets               22            5.27
                                                                Fair value recorded as liabilities         450            5.84

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party capital transactions between the Bank and CITIC Group and
its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.


                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report     153
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




      5.4.3.5 Comprehensive Services
      The Bank and CITIC Group and its associates shall apply prevailing market prices or applicable rates of independent third-
      party transactions to comprehensive services between them and shall determine the price and rate of a particular type of
      service through fair and reciprocal negotiations and according to applicable market price and rate. The principal terms of
      the Comprehensive Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) services conducted include but are not limited
      to medical insurance and enterprise annuity, merchandise service procurement (including conference hosting services),
      outsourcing services, value-added services (including bank card customers’ credit point services), advertising services,
      technology services and property leasing; (2) both parties of the agreement shall provide the services prescribed in the
      agreement; (3) the service recipient shall pay service fees to the service provider for its service; and (4) the comprehensive
      services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no more favorable than those applicable to comparable
      terms applicable to independent third parties.

      During the reporting period, related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and CITIC Group and
      its associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                        Transaction
                                                                                                           Annual cap       amount
       Counterparty                       Business type                    Basis of calculation               in 2022      in 2022
       CITIC Group and its associates     Comprehensive Services           Service fee expense/income               65           43.58

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and
      CITIC Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

      5.4.3.6 Asset Transfer
      Asset transfer transactions between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates shall be made on terms no more favorable
      than those available to independent third parties. The transfer prices payable by the transferee shall be determined according
      to the following principles: (1) for transfer of general assets, as per regulatory requirements, credit assets shall be transferred
      on the principle of entirety. When transferring a credit asset to the transferee, the transferor shall use the loan principal as
      the transaction price, make a parity transfer without discount or premium, and prioritize the consideration of post-transfer
      obligations to be performed by the transferor and the transferee in addition to the market supply and demand; (2) for
      transfer of assets in asset securitization (with exclusion of the asset transfer to the Bank by related parties), the Bank shall
      use the loan principal as the transaction price when transferring a credit asset to a related party. Except for securitization
      of non-performing assets, the Bank shall make parity transfers in general. In terms of the issuance interest rate of the
      asset-backed securities, the prioritized asset-backed securities’ issuance interest rate (with exclusion of the sections held
      by the originating institutions) shall be determined by the approach of single spread (Netherland Style) bidding through
      the bidding system of China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd., or book building, and the secondary asset-backed
      securities (with exclusion of the sections held by the originating institutions) shall be determined by the number of tenders
      or by the book building approach; and (3) there is no statutory government-prescribed transfer price available at present
      for a particular asset transfer, but once such statutory price is available in the future, the concerned asset transfer shall be
      priced with reference to the government prescribed price. The principal terms of the Asset Transfer Framework Agreement
      are set out as follows: (1) to buy or sell the interests in credit loan or other related assets (including but not limited to, to
      sell corporate and retail credit loan assets, and inter-bank creditor’s rights directly or through asset management plan, asset
      securitization, factoring or other forms); (2) the asset transfer to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms
      no more favorable than those comparable terms applicable to independent third parties; (3) the agreement shall specify the
      management rights of the credit loan and other related assets; and (4) undertake confidentiality obligations in respect of the
      asset transfer.




154   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                     Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and CITIC Group and its
associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                                 Transaction
                                                                                                                    Annual cap       amount
 Counterparty                         Business type                           Basis of calculation                     in 2022      in 2022
 CITIC Group and its associates       Asset Transfer                          Transaction amount                        1,800         217.38

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and CITIC
Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

5.4.3.7 Wealth Management and Investment Services
General market practices and normal commercial terms shall be applied in the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates’
ordinary and usual course of business. The Bank provides CITIC Group and its associates with wealth management and
investment services including non-principal-protected wealth management services and agency services, and investment with
wealth management funds or proprietary funds, while CITIC Group and its associates provide the Bank with intermediary
services of wealth management, such as trust services and management services. The transactions between the two parties
shall be made through fair negotiations, determined in accordance with normal commercial terms and conducted on
terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties, in line with the categories and scopes of wealth
management services, and with real-time adjustments made according to changes in market prices. The principal terms of
the Wealth Management and Investment Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) the Bank shall provide
wealth management and investment services, including non-principal-protected wealth management services and agency
services, investment with wealth management funds or proprietary funds, while the related party shall provide the Bank
with wealth management intermediary services, including trust services and management services; (2) the related party shall
pay service fees to the Bank with respect to the wealth management and investment services provided by the Bank, while
the Bank shall also pay service fees to the related party with respect to the wealth management intermediary services; and
(3) the wealth management and investment services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no more
favorable than those comparable terms applicable to independent third parties.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on wealth management and investment services between the Bank
and CITIC Group and its associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                                   Transaction
                                                                                                                      Annual cap       amount
 Counterparty         Business type                                        Basis of calculation                          in 2022      in 2022
                      Non-Principal-Protected Wealth Management            Service fee expense/income                       75          32.61
                        Services and Agency Services
 CITIC Group and
                      Investment with Wealth    Fund Operation             Period-end balance of investment funds         2,100        647.55
   its associates
                         Management Funds or    Intermediary Cooperation   Bank investment return and fee                   45           6.94
                         Proprietary Funds                                    expense/income

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on wealth management and investment services
between the Bank and CITIC Group and its associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap.

Except above continuing related party transaction with CITIC Group and its associates, during the reporting period,
non-credit extension transactions conducted between the Bank and other substantial shareholders and their associates
were conducted on normal commercial terms and on terms no more favorable than those comparable terms available to
independent third parties, specifically:




                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report   155
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                                                     Transaction amount
       Counterparty                          Business type                                            Basis of calculation                                       in 2022
                                             Financial Consulting and Asset Management Services       Service fee expense/income                                  0.15
                                             Wealth Management and Proprietary Fund Investment        Period-end balance of investment funds                     23.21
       Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates
                                             Capital Transactions                                     Gains and losses of transactions                            0.52
                                             Comprehensive Services                                   Service fee expense/income                                  0.30
                                             Third-Party Escrow Services                              Service fee expense/income                              0.000002
                                             Asset Custody Services                                   Service fee expense/income                                 0.003
       China Tobacco and its associates      Asset Transfer                                           Transaction amount                                          0.16
                                             Capital Transactions                                     Gains and losses of transactions                            0.27
                                             Comprehensive Services                                   Service fee expense/income                                  0.05


      5.4.4 One-off Connected Transactions
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any one-off connected transaction under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      5.4.5 Related Party Transactions in Joint External Investment
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material related party transaction arising from joint external
      investment with its related parties under the rules of the SSE.


      5.4.6 Related Party Debt Transactions and Guarantees
      For details of related party debt transactions and guarantees between the Bank and its related parties, please refer to Note
      58 to the financial statements of this report.


      5.4.7 Related Party Transactions with Related Finance Companies
      5.4.7.1 Deposit business
      During the reporting period, the changes in deposits of related finance company with the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                            Accumulated              Accumulated
                               Daily Upper                             Range of                               Deposited               Withdrawn
       Company                 Limit for Deposit                    Deposit Rate   Opening Balance        Amount in 2022           Amount in 2022    Closing Balance
       CITIC Finance           None                                     0-2.55%              115.76                  681.94                727.95                69.75

      During the reporting period, the changes in the Group’s deposits with related finance company are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                            Accumulated              Accumulated
                               Daily Upper                             Range of                               Deposited               Withdrawn
       Company                 Limit for Deposit                    Deposit Rate   Opening Balance        Amount in 2022           Amount in 2022    Closing Balance
       CITIC Finance           None                                          1%              0.0002                          0             0.0002                    0




156   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




5.4.7.2 Loan business
During the reporting period, the loans granted by the Group to its related finance company and the loans granted by the
related finance company to the Group were zero.


5.4.7.3 Other financial business
As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of other financial businesses between the Group and CITIC Finance
totaled RMB407 million. Specifically, among the Group’s bill business, RMB57 million involved the financial acceptance
responsibility of CITIC Finance; CITIC Finance purchased RMB350 million of interbank certificates of deposit issued by
the Group. In addition, the nominal principal of spot exchange settlement and sale between the Group and CITIC Finance
stood at RMB126 million.

During the reporting period, the Group provided various settlement services to CITIC Finance, and charged total fees of
RMB1 million.


5.4.8 Transaction Balances and Risk Exposures of Related Natural Persons
For details of the transaction balances and risk exposures relating to the transactions between the Bank and its related
natural persons, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements of this report.


5.4.9 Confirmation by Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Auditor
Upon review of the various continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules made in the reporting
period, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank confirmed that these transactions:

(1)   were entered into during the Bank’s ordinary and usual course of business;

(2)   followed normal commercial terms; and

(3)   abided by the terms and conditions of the concerned transaction contracts that were fair, reasonable and consistent
      with the overall interests of the Bank’s shareholders.

The auditor obtained the list of continuing connected transactions from the Bank’s management. After completing relevant
work in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (amended) “Assurance Engagements Other than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the Practice Note 740 (amended)“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”,
the auditor did not find any of the following issues regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions of the Bank:

(1)   not approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank;

(2)   pricing of connected transactions involving the provision of goods or services not compliant with the Group’s
      pricing policy in all material aspects;

(3)   execution of connected transactions not compliant with the terms and conditions of the concerned connected
      transaction agreements in all material aspects; and

(4)   aggregate value of various continuing connected transactions exceeding their respective annual caps disclosed in the
      announcements dated 27 August 2020, 30 October 2020 and 24 December 2021.

The Board of Directors has confirmed the receipt of confirmation from the auditor on matters required by Rule 14A.56
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report    157
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




          5.5 Material Contracts and Their Performance

      5.5.1 Custody, Contracting or Lease of Material Assets
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material custody, contracting or leasing of assets of other
      companies that took place during the reporting period or that took place in previous periods but went on to the reporting
      period; neither did other companies hold material custody of, contract or lease material assets of the Bank.

      5.5.2 Material Guarantees
      During the reporting period, CNCB Investment, a controlled subsidiary of the Bank, provided unconditional and
      irrevocable guarantee for the bonds of USD0.5 billion issued by its wholly-owned overseas special purpose institution50.
      The Bank also provided the financial guarantee business that is within its approval business scope. Save as disclosed above,
      the Bank did not have any other material guarantee that needs to be disclosed.

      Special Explanations and Independent Opinions of Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Concerning the Guarantees Provided by the Bank to External Parties
      We, as independent non-executive directors of China CITIC Bank, have reviewed the guarantees provided by China CITIC
      Bank to external parties in an impartial, fair and objective manner, and hereby express the following special explanations
      and opinions:

      We have verified that the guarantees hitherto provided by China CITIC Bank to external parties were mainly letters of
      guarantee (L/G), which is one of the regular banking businesses within the approved business scope of China CITIC Bank.
      As at the end of the reporting period of the 2022 Annual Report, the balance of the letters of guarantee issued by China
      CITIC Bank was equivalent to RMB186.617 billion.

      China CITIC Bank always attaches great importance to risk management of its L/G business. It has formulated creditability
      standards of the guaranteed obligor, as well as the operation procedures and the review and approval procedures for the
      guarantee business based on the risk profiles of the L/G business. During the reporting period, the L/G business of China
      CITIC Bank went well, free of any illegal guarantee. We are of the view that China CITIC Bank has effectively controlled
      the risks relating to its guarantee business.

                                                                                                     China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                           Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                          He Cao, Chen Lihua, Qian Jun, Liu Tsz Bun Bennett

      5.5.3 Entrusted Wealth Management
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any entrusted wealth management transactions beyond its normal
      scope of business.

      5.5.4 Other Material Contracts
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not sign any other material contracts beyond its normal scope of business.




      50	For details, please refer to the relevant announcements the Bank published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the
              Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 11 November 2021.




158   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                             Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




   5.6 Undertakings by the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

According to relevant CSRC regulations, the Bank proposed remedial measures regarding the dilution of immediate returns
that may arise from the non-public offering of preference shares, the public issuance of A-share convertible corporate bonds
and their listings, and rights issue to existing shareholders. These measures include: strengthening capital planning and
management to ensure capital adequacy and stability; reinforcing asset restructuring to improve capital allocation efficiency;
enhancing operational efficiency and reducing operating costs; improving the internal capital adequacy assessment process
for better capital management; strengthening capital stress test and improving capital emergency response plans; ensuring
the standardized and effective use of proceeds in respect of rights issue to existing shareholders; and enhancing management
capability and reasonably controlling costs and expenses. At the same time, the directors and senior management members
of the Bank also gave undertakings to effectively execute the remedial measures. During the reporting period, the Bank was
not aware of any violation of the above-mentioned undertakings.

On 22 June 2022, CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings issued the Undertaking of CITIC
Corporation Limited to Subscribe for All the Offered A Rights Shares to be Issued by China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
and the Undertaking of CITIC Financial Holdings to Subscribe for All the Offered A Rights Shares to be Issued by China CITIC
Bank Corporation Limited, respectively. Please refer to the Bank’s Announcement on Undertaking Given by the Controlling
Shareholder to Subscribe for All the Offered A Rights Shares published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 23 June 2022.

During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any other undertakings that were performed during the reporting
period or overdue undertakings not yet performed as at the end of the reporting period by its de facto controller,
shareholders, related parties, acquirers and the Bank itself or other parties that had given undertakings.



   5.7 Engagement of Auditors

As per the resolution adopted by the 2021 Annual General Meeting, the Bank continued to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers
Zhong Tian LLP as its domestic auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers as its overseas auditor for the year 2021. The Bank
has engaged these two accounting firms as its auditors since the 2015 annual audit. The two accounting firms have both
provided audit services to the Bank for 8 consecutive years, which has reached the upper limit for auditing service can
be provided consecutively, and the Bank shall engage new auditors. Currently the Bank is advancing relevant works on
engaging its auditors for 2023.

Linda Yip and Li Yan are the signing CPAs for the auditor’s report regarding the Bank’s 2021 financial statements prepared
in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards. And they have provided 1 and 5 consecutive years’ audit service for the
Bank, respectively. Linda Yip is the signing CPA for the auditor’s report regarding the Bank’s 2022 financial statements
prepared in accordance with the IFRS, and he has provided 1 year’s audit service for the Bank.

The Group paid audit fees equivalent to about RMB19.39 million, including RMB9.57 million for the auditing of the Bank (of
which, RMB0.8 million was for auditing the internal control report) in total to PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian
LLP who audited its 2022 financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards and its internal
control report as at 31 December 2022 and to PricewaterhouseCoopers who audited its 2022 financial report prepared
in accordance with the IFRS. The statements of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers
regarding their responsibilities pertaining to the financial reports are set out in the auditor’s reports contained in the A-share
and H-share annual reports, respectively.

Except for the above-mentioned audit fees, the Group paid approximately RMB7.19 million, of which the non-audit fee for
the Bank was RMB4.91 million, to PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers for their non-
audit services (including professional services rendered for asset securitization and debt issuance). PricewaterhouseCoopers
Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers confirmed that these services will not compromise their audit independence.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report      159
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




         5.8 Use of Funds Raised

      All proceeds raised by the Bank were used to replenish the capital of the Bank and improve the capital adequacy ratios and
      risk resilience of the Bank in accordance with the purposes disclosed in relevant documents including the prospectuses for
      the IPO and the rights issue.



         5.9 Penalties Imposed on the Company and its Directors, Supervisors,
              Senior Management Members, Controlling Shareholder and De
              Facto Controller

      To the best of the Bank’s knowledge, during the reporting period, the Bank was not investigated for any suspected crimes
      according to law, and none of its controlling shareholder, de facto controller, directors, supervisors and senior management
      members was suspected of committing crimes or was subject to compulsory measures according to law; the Bank or its
      controlling shareholder, de facto controller, directors, supervisors or senior management members were not subject to
      criminal punishment, investigation by CSRC for suspected violation of laws and regulations or administrative punishment
      by CSRC, administrative and regulatory measures by CSRC, disciplinary punishment by the stock exchange, or material
      administrative punishment by other competent authorities; none of the Bank’s directors, supervisors or senior management
      members was detained by the discipline inspection and supervision organs for suspected serious disciplinary violations or
      duty-related crimes, or subject to compulsory measures by other competent authorities for suspected violation of laws and
      regulations, which affected their duty performance.



         5.10 Integrity of the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

      During the reporting period, neither the Bank nor its controlling shareholder or its de facto controller was involved in
      failure to execute valid court documents or failure to repay matured debts of considerable amounts.



         5.11 Reserves

      For details on changes in the reserves of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Notes 44-47 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         5.12 Properties

      For details of the changes in the Bank’s properties as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         5.13 Post Balance Sheet Events

      For details of the Bank post balance sheet events as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 64 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.




160   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




   5.14 Management Contracts

During the reporting period, the Bank did not enter into any contracts for the administrative management of its overall
business or major businesses.



   5.15 Distributable Reserves

For details on distributable reserves of the Bank, please refer to “Financial Statements – Consolidated Statement on
Changes in Shareholders’ Interests” contained in this report.



   5.16 Donations

The Group pays back to society with enthusiasm in strict accordance with the Charity Law of the People’s Republic of China
and other applicable laws and regulations, tilting its donations to areas in the greatest need of help. During the reporting
period, the Group made donations of RMB8.5504 million, which were mainly used for the implementation of central and
local pointed poverty alleviation, consolidation of poverty alleviation achievement and rural revitalization as well as the
charity aid to the vulnerable groups in urban and rural regions. During the reporting period, the Group recorded employee
donation of RMB2.7229 million, total tax payment of RMB39.093 billion, and a social contribution value per share of
RMB6.02.



   5.17 Fixed Assets

For details on changes in the Bank’s fixed assets as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
financial statements contained in this report.



   5.18 Retirement and Benefits

The Bank paid contributions to the basic old-age pension schemes for its employees pursuant to relevant national laws,
regulations and policies. The amounts of basic pension contributions were determined by national standard and ratio. In
addition, the Bank established enterprise annuity plans for its employees of which the contribution is calculated according
to a certain percentage of employee salary.

For details on retirement benefits that the Bank provided for its employees, please refer to Note 37 to the financial
statements contained in this report.



   5.19 Share Capital and Public Float

For details on changes in the Bank’s share capital during the reporting period, please refer to Note 42 to the financial
statements contained in this report. Pursuant to publicly available information, the Board of Directors of the Bank was of
the view that the Bank had sufficient public float as at the disclosure date of this report.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     161
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




         5.20 Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Bank

      During the reporting period, neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities
      of the Bank.



         5.21 Pre-emptive Rights

      None of PRC laws, administrative regulations and ministerial rules, and the Articles of Association of the Bank contain
      any mandatory provisions on pre-emptive rights for purchase of shares of listed companies. According to its Articles
      of Association, the Bank may increase its registered capital by way of public offering or private offering of ordinary
      shares, rights issue to the existing ordinary shareholders, bonus shares issuance to the existing shareholders, transfer of
      capital reserve to share capital, conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares or other means permitted by laws and
      administrative regulations or as approved by relevant authorities authorized by the State Council.



         5.22 Issuance of Shares

      For relevant information about the Bank’s issuance of shares during the reporting period, please refer to Chapter 6 “Changes
      in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” and Chapter 7 “Preference Shares” of this report.



         5.23 Issuance of Debentures

      For information about the Bank’s issuance of debentures during the reporting period, please refer to Chapter 6 “Changes in
      Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” of this report.



         5.24 Equity Linked Agreements

      Save as disclosed in Chapter 7 “Preference Shares” and Chapter 8 “Convertible Corporate Bonds” of this report, there is no
      newly entered or existing equity linked agreement of the Bank during the reporting period.



         5.25 R ight of Directors and Supervisors to Acquire Shares or
               Debentures

      During the reporting period, none of the directors and supervisors or their respective associates were granted by the Bank
      or its subsidiaries the right to acquire shares or debentures of the Bank or any other corporate groups; neither did any of
      the directors or supervisors exercise any of such rights.




162   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




   5.26 Equity Interest of Substantial Shareholders

Please refer to Chapter 6 “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders – Interests and Short
Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary Shareholders and Other Persons” of this report for detailed information.



   5.27 Tax Matters

A Shareholders
For individual investor shareholders, the Notice on Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No. 85), and the Notice on
Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and
Taxation [2015] No. 101), both issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC
provide that, for shares of listed companies that an individual investor obtains from public offering and/or the secondary
market, if the duration of shareholding is less than 1 month (inclusive), the full amount of his or her dividend income
shall be calculated as taxable income; if the duration of shareholding is between 1 month and 1 year (inclusive), 50% of
the dividend income shall be calculated as taxable income for the time being; and if the duration of shareholding lasts
more than 1 year, the dividend income shall be exempted from individual income tax for the time being. All the above-
mentioned dividend income shall be taxed at an uniformly applicable tax rate of 20%.

For securities investment funds that are shareholders of listed companies, the computation and payment of dividend
income tax shall be made in accordance with the aforementioned Notice on Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2015] No. 101) and Notice on
Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed
Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No. 85).

Resident enterprise shareholders (including institutional investors) shall pay income tax on their cash dividends on their
own accord pursuant to relevant taxation requirements of the nation.

For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), listed companies are required to withhold and pay enterprise income
tax at the rate of 10% pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation Concerning the Relevant Issues on
the Withholding and Payment of Enterprise Income Tax Relating to the Payment of Dividends, Bonuses and Interests by PRC
Resident Enterprises to QFIIs (SAT Letter [2009] No. 47). Where the dividend paid to a QFII is entitled to relevant
treatments under a tax agreement (arrangement), the QFII may apply to the competent tax authority for such treatment.
The latter shall implement the treatment as stipulated in the tax agreement after verifying the validity of the application.
Where a tax refund is involved, the QFII shall promptly submit a tax refund application to the competent tax authority on
its own accord after receiving the dividend.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     163
      Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




      H Shareholders
      For overseas residents that are individual shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation
      on Issues Concerning Individual Income Tax Collection and Management after the Repeal of SAT Document [1993] No. 045 (SAT
      Letter [2011] No. 348) provides that, dividends received by such overseas residents for their personal holding of shares
      issued by domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises in Hong Kong shall be subject to the payment of individual income
      tax under the “interest, dividend and bonus income” item, and that such individual income tax shall be withheld and paid
      by the withholding agents according to relevant laws at a tax rate of 10%. Where overseas residents that are individual
      holders of shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential
      tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax treaties signed between their countries of residence and China or the
      tax arrangements made between the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong (Macau) SAR, the tax rate for dividends under the
      relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements is 10% in general. For the purpose of simplifying tax administration, domestic
      non-foreign-invested enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong may, upon payment of dividends, generally withhold
      individual income tax at the rate of 10%, without the need to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not
      equal to 10%, the following provisions shall apply: (1) for residents of countries that have signed lower than 10% tax rate
      treaties, the withholding agents may file on their behalf applications for the relevant agreed preferential tax treatments,
      under which circumstances the over-withheld tax amounts will be refunded upon approval by the tax authorities; (2) for
      residents of countries that have signed higher than 10% but lower than 20% tax rate treaties, the withholding agents shall
      withhold individual income tax at the agreed tax rate effective at the time of dividend payment, without the need to file an
      application; and (3) for residents of countries without tax treaties or under other situations, the withholding agents shall
      withhold individual income tax at 20% upon payment of dividends.

      For non-resident enterprises that are shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on
      the Issues Concerning Withholding Enterprise Income Tax on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders
      that Are Nonresident Overseas Enterprises (SAT Letter [2008] No. 897) provides that, a PRC resident enterprise, when
      paying dividends for 2008 and subsequent years to H shareholders that are non-resident overseas enterprises, shall withhold
      and pay the enterprise income tax at a uniform rate of 10%.

      Tax matters in relation to the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be handled according to the provisions of the
      Notice on Relevant Taxation Policies in Connection with the Pilot Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Mechanism (Finance
      and Taxation [2014] No. 81) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC.

      Preference shareholders
      Individual income tax payment in relation to dividends obtained by individual preference shareholders shall be performed
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Resident enterprises (including institutional investors) shall perform their tax payment obligations on their own accord
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Shareholders of the Bank shall be taxed and/or access tax credits, reliefs and exemptions in accordance with the
      aforementioned regulations.



         5.28 Events Relating to Bankruptcy and/or Restructuring

      During the reporting period, the Bank did not incur any event relating to bankruptcy and/or restructuring.



         5.29 Major Risks

      For details on major risks of the Bank, please refer to Chapter 2 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.




164   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 5 Report of the Board of Directors




   5.30 C hanges to Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates or
         Correction of Significant Accounting Errors

During the reporting period, the Bank had no changes in accounting policies or accounting estimates or correction of
material accounting errors.



   5.31 Business Reexamination

For details of the Group’s business profile, major risks and uncertainties in 2022 and outlook for 2023, please refer to
Chapter 2 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.



   5.32 Audit Committee

The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank has reviewed and
approved the 2022 annual results of the Bank and the Group and their audited 2022 annual financial statements prepared
in accordance with the IFRSs.



   5.33 Relations with Employees, Suppliers and Customers

For the relations between the Group and its employees, shareholders and customers, please refer to Chapter 3 “Corporate
Governance – Human Resources Management”, Chapter 3 “Corporate Governance – Investor Relations” and Chapter 4
“Environmental and Social and Governance (ESG)” of this report.



   5.34 Major customers

In 2022, the total interest income and other operating income of the top five customers of the Group did not exceed 30%
of the Group’s interest income and other operating income.



   5.35 Other Significant Events

The Bank disclosed all significant events occurred during the reporting period that shall be disclosed as per laws, regulations
and regulatory requirements in the form of interim announcements on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com).




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     165
      Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders

          6.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares

      6.1.1 Table on Changes in Shareholdings
                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: share
                                                                       31 December 2021                                         Changes (+, –)                               31 December 2022
                                                                                                                           Capital reserve
                                                                   Number of                                                   converted                                 Number of
                                                                   shares held   Percentage (%)    New issue   Bonus issue      to shares        Others   Subtotal       shares held   Percentage (%)
       Shares subject to restrictions on sale:
         1. Shares held by the state
         2. Shares held by state-owned legal persons
         3. Shares held by other domestic investors
         Including: Shares held by domestic non-state-owned
                      legal persons
                    Shares held by domestic natural persons
         4. Foreign-held shares
         Including: Shares held by overseas legal persons
                    Shares held by overseas natural persons
       Shares not subject to restrictions on sale:             48,934,842,469             100.00                                                 +1,188    +1,188    48,934,843,657           100.00
         1. Renminbi denominated ordinary shares               34,052,679,492              69.59                                                 +1,188    +1,188    34,052,680,680            69.59
         2. Domestically-listed foreign shares
         3. Overseas-listed foreign shares                     14,882,162,977              30.41                                                                     14,882,162,977            30.41
         4. Others
       Total shares                                            48,934,842,469             100.00                                                 +1,188    +1,188    48,934,843,657           100.00


      6.1.2 Shares Subject to Restrictions on Sale
      During the reporting period, the Bank’s shareholders did not hold any shares subject to restrictions on sale.



          6.2 Issuance and Listing of Securities

      6.2.1 Equity Financing
      On 23 June 2022, the Bank held the annual general meeting of 2021, the first A shareholders class meeting of 2022
      and the first H shareholders class meeting of 2022, at which it reviewed and approved the Proposal regarding the
      Rights Issue Plan of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and other relevant proposals, and planned to issue rights
      shares to existing shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the “Rights Issue”). The proceeds raised from the Rights
      Issue are not expected to be more than RMB40 billion (inclusive). All the proceeds raised from the Rights Issue, after
      deduction of relevant expenses relating to the issuance, will be used for the replenishment of the Bank’s core tier-
      one capital, so as to increase its capital adequacy ratio, support its sustainable and healthy business development in
      the future, and enhance its capital strength and competitiveness. The Bank obtained the approval from the CBIRC
      on the Rights Issue Plan in October 2022, and the Rights Issue Plan may only be implemented after obtaining the
      approval of the SSE, the decision of consent to registration by CSRC and other necessary approvals in relation to
      the Right Issue. Please refer to the relevant announcements dated 30 April 2022, 24 June 2022, 28 October 2022
      and 6 March 2023 published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk)
      and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details thereof.

      During the reporting period, the Bank did not issue any new shares.




166   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




6.2.2 Issuance of Bonds
Pursuant to the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from the People’s Bank of China (PBOC Decision [2022] No.
41), the Bank was approved for the issuance of financial bonds, and the newly increased balance of financial bonds shall not
exceed RMB80 billion. Pursuant to the Reply of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Approving the
Issuance of Financial Bonds by China CITIC Bank (CBIRC Reply [2022] No.195), the Bank was approved for the issuance
of financial bonds (“Financial Bonds”) in the national inter-bank bond market in an amount up to RMB60 billion. The
Financial Bonds were issued in installments, and the 2022 Financial Bonds of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
(Tranche 1) (“22 CITIC 01”) was the first tranche of the Financial Bonds. The 22 CITIC 01 were book-built on 26 April
2022 and its issuance was completed in the national inter-bank bond market on 28 April 2022. The size of the issuance of
the three-year fixed-rate 22 CITIC 01 was RMB30 billion and the coupon rate was 2.80%. The proceeds from the issuance
were used to optimize the structure of medium and long-term assets and liabilities, increase stable sources of medium and
long-term liabilities and support the development of medium and long-term asset business.

The 2022 Financial Bonds of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Tranche 2) (“22 CITIC 02”) were book-built on
3 August 2022 and its issuance was completed in the national inter-bank bond market on 5 August 2022. The size of the
issuance of the three-year fixed-rate 22 CITIC 02 was RMB30 billion and the coupon rate was 2.50%. The proceeds from
the issuance were used to optimize the structure of medium and long-term assets and liabilities, increase stable sources of
medium and long-term liabilities and support the development of medium and long-term asset business.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details of the issuance of the above financial bonds on 29 April 2022
and 6 August 2022.


6.2.3 Issuance of Convertible Bonds
Please refer to Chapter 8 “Convertible Corporate Bonds” of this report for the issuance and the conversion of convertible
bonds of the Bank during the reporting period.


6.2.4 Internal Employee Shares
There were no internal employee shares issued by the Bank.



   6.3 Information on Ordinary Shareholders

6.3.1 Total Number of Shareholders
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 141,414 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 114,292
accounts of A shareholders and 27,122 accounts of registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored
voting right.

As at the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2023), the Bank recorded
140,639 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 113,628 accounts of A shareholders and 27,011 accounts of
registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored voting right.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     167
      Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      6.3.2 Information on the Top 10 Shareholders (as at the end of the reporting
            period)
                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: share
                                                                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                                                                               decrease in
                                                                                                                                              Number of      shareholding     Shares
                                                                                                                               Shareholding shares subject      during the pledged,
                                                                                                                Total number percentage to restrictions          reporting marked or
        No. Name of shareholder                                     Nature of shareholder     Class of shares   of shares held          (%)        on sale          period    frozen
        1     CITIC Corporation Limited                            State-owned legal person   A share, H share 31,988,728,773         65.37             0               0         0
        2     Hong Kong Securities Clearing                        Overseas legal person      H share          11,553,703,597         23.61             0      +1,958,434   Unknown
                Company Nominees Limited
        3     China National Tobacco Corporation                   State-owned legal person   A share           2,147,469,539          4.39             0               0         0
        4     China Securities Finance Corporation Limited         State-owned legal person   A share           1,018,941,677          2.08             0               0         0
        5     Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                 State-owned legal person   A share             267,137,050          0.55             0               0         0
        6     Hong Kong Securities Clearing                        Overseas legal person      A share             176,025,864          0.36             0     +83,448,058         0
                Company Limited
        7     China Construction Bank Corporation                  State-owned legal person   H share            168,599,268           0.34             0               0         0
        8     National Social Security Fund                        Other                      A share            130,048,429           0.27             0    +130,048,429         0
                Portfolio 110
        9     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. – SSE Dividend Traded Other                      A share             54,739,740           0.11             0      -3,126,722         0
                Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund
        10    Hebei Jiantou Xiong’an Construction                  State-owned legal person   A share             31,034,400           0.06             0              0          0
                and Development Co., Ltd.

      Notes: (1) All shares held by the above-mentioned shareholders were shares not subject to restrictions on sale of the Bank.
             (2) Except for CITIC Corporation Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, the shareholdings of A shareholders and H
                  shareholders in the table above were calculated based on the Bank’s share registers respectively maintained with China Securities Depository and Clearing
                  Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch and Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.
             (3) Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. The total
                  number of shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is the aggregate number of H shares it held in its capacity as nominee
                  on behalf of all institutional (except for CITIC Corporation Limited) and individual investors registered with the company as at the end of the reporting
                  period. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution that is designated by others to hold shares, including the Shanghai Stock Connect
                  shares held by Hong Kong and overseas investors, on behalf of others in its capacity as nominee shareholder.
             (4) CITIC Corporation Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited. CITIC Corporation Limited confirmed that as at the end of the reporting
                  period, CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) together owned 32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank, accounting
                  for 65.97% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned
                  31,988,728,773 shares of the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,049,800,479 H shares.
             (5) Summit Idea Limited confirmed that, as at the end of the reporting period, it held via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited 2,292,579,000
                  H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685% of the Bank’s total shares. Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-owned affiliate of Xinhu Zhongbao. In addition to
                  the aforementioned stake, Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, also owned 153,686,000 H shares of the
                  Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares.
             (6) Note on related party relations or concerted actions between ordinary shareholders listed in the above table: Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
                  Nominees Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. According to the Report for the Third Quarter of 2022
                  of China Construction Bank Corporation, as at 30 September 2022, Central Huijin Investment Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Central Huijin Asset
                  Management Ltd. together owned 57.31% equity of China Construction Bank Corporation. Except for these, the Bank was not aware of any related party
                  relations or concerted actions between the shareholders listed in the above table.
             (7) None of the top 10 shareholders of the Bank held a special account for repurchase.
             (8) As far as the Bank was aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the shareholders listed in the above table neither delegated or obtained from their voting
                  right, nor were delegated with the voting right of any other party.




168   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




    6.4 Interests and Short Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary
        Shareholders and Other Persons

The table below sets out the interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank held by substantial shareholders and
other persons (except the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong
Listing Rules) as recorded in the register that the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance and as far as the Bank was aware as at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                      Shareholding
                                                                                                                                      percentage of     Shareholding
                                                                                                                                    the issued share    percentage of
                                                                                                                        Number of      capital of the the total issued
  Name                                                   Class of shares Identity                                       shares held same class (%) share capital (%)
                                                         H share                                                  3,049,800,479(L)               20.49               6.23
                                                                          Beneficiary owner
                                                         A share                                                 28,938,928,294(L)               84.98              59.14
  CITIC Corporation Limited
                                                         H share                                                      10,313,000(L)               0.07               0.02
                                                                          Interest of controlled corporations
                                                         A share                                                   4,103,888,024(L)              12.05               8.38
                                                         H share                                                  3,345,299,479(L)               22.48               6.84
  CITIC Limited                                                           Interest of controlled corporations
                                                         A share                                                 33,042,816,318(L)               97.03              67.52
                                                         H share                                                  3,345,299,479(L)               22.48               6.84
  CITIC Polaris Limited                                                   Interest of controlled corporations
                                                         A share                                                 33,042,816,318(L)               97.03              67.52
                                                         H share                                                  3,345,299,479(L)               22.48               6.84
  CITIC Glory Limited                                                     Interest of controlled corporations
                                                         A share                                                 33,042,816,318(L)               97.03              67.52
                                                         H share                                                  3,345,299,479(L)               22.48               6.84
  CITIC Group                                                             Interest of controlled corporations
                                                         A share                                                 33,042,816,318(L)               97.03              67.52
  Summit Idea Limited                                    H share          Beneficiary owner                        2,292,579,000(L)              15.41              4.685
  Total Partner Global Limited                           H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,292,579,000(L)              15.41              4.685
                                                                          Beneficiary owner                          153,686,000(L)               1.03              0.314
  Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd.                   H share
                                                                          Interest of controlled corporations      2,292,579,000(L)              15.41              4.685
  Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.                               H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  Zhejiang Xinhu Group Corporation Limited               H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  Zhejiang Hengxingli Holding Group Co., Ltd.            H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  Ningbo Jiayuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd.        H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  Huang Wei                                              H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  Li Ping                                                H share          Interest of controlled corporations      2,446,265,000(L)              16.44              4.999
  UBS SDIC Fund Management Co., Ltd.                     H share          Investment Manager                       1,279,932,079(L)               8.60               2.62
  EasternGate SPC                                        H share          Investment Manager                        811,326,282(L)                5.45               1.66

Notes: (1) (L) — long position, (S) — short position
         (2) The above disclosure is made mainly on the basis of the information released on the HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk).
         (3) According to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, if multiple conditions are met, shareholders of the Bank shall submit the interest disclosure
             form. When there is a change to shares of the Bank held by shareholders, unless multiple conditions are met, related shareholders need not to notify the
             change to the Bank and SEHK. Therefore, the latest shares held by shareholders at the Bank may differ from those already submitted to SEHK.


Except for the aforementioned disclosure, as at the end of the reporting period, the Bank didn’t know that any person (except
the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) held any
interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank or underlying shares that shall be recorded in the register that the
Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




                                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report            169
      Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




          6.5 Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares and
               Debentures of the Bank or Associated Corporations Held by Its
               Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members

      Please refer to “Members of the Board of Directors”, “Members of the Board of Supervisors” and “Members of the
      Senior Management” under Chapter 3 of this report for the holding of shares of the Bank by its directors, supervisors or
      senior management members as at the end of the reporting period. None of the Bank’s directors, supervisors or senior
      management members held any share options or restrictive shares of the Bank.

      The table below sets out the interests in the shares of the Bank held by directors, supervisors and chief executives of the
      Bank as at the end of the reporting period as recorded in the register that the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of
      the Securities and Futures Ordinance and as far as the Bank is aware:

                                                                                                                                    Shareholding           Shareholding
                                                                                                                                percentage of the     percentage of the
                                                                                                               Number of     issued shares of the total issued ordinary
        Name             Position                                     Class of shares Identity                 shares held        same class (%)             shares (%)
        Fang Heying Vice Chairman, Executive Director, President      H share           Beneficiary owner      915,000 (L)               0.0061                 0.0019
        Liu Cheng     Executive Director, Executive Vice President    H share           Beneficiary owner      624,000 (L)               0.0042                 0.0013
        Guo Danghuai Executive Director, Vice President               H share           Beneficiary owner      636,000 (L)               0.0043                 0.0013
        Li Rong       Shareholder Representative Supervisor           H share           Beneficiary owner      364,000 (L)               0.0024                 0.0007
        Cheng Pusheng Employee Representative Supervisor              H share           Beneficiary owner      354,000 (L)               0.0024                 0.0007
        Chen Panwu Employee Representative Supervisor                 H share           Beneficiary owner      334,000 (L)               0.0022                 0.0007
        Zeng Yufang Employee Representative Supervisor                H share           Beneficiary owner      188,000 (L)               0.0013                 0.0004

      Notes: (1) (L) – long position, (S) – short position.
               (2) The above disclosure is made mainly on the basis of the information released on SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk).



          6.6 Controlling Shareholder and De Facto Controller of the Bank

      During the reporting period, the Bank’s controlling shareholder and de facto controller remained unchanged. As at the
      end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited was the controlling shareholder of the Bank; CITIC Limited was
      the single direct controlling shareholder of CITIC Corporation Limited; CITIC Group was the controlling shareholder of
      CITIC Limited and the de facto controller of the Bank.

      CITIC Group was founded in 1979 by Mr. Rong Yiren with the support of Mr. Deng Xiaoping. Since its inception,
      CITIC Group has been a pilot unit for national economic reform and an important window for China’s opening to the
      outside world. With fruitful explorations and innovation in many areas, CITIC Group has built itself a robust image and
      reputation both domestically and abroad. At present, CITIC Group has developed into a large state-owned multinational
      conglomerate with both financial and non-financial businesses. Its financial business covers a full range of services including
      banking, securities, trust, insurance, fund and asset management; and its non-financial business includes real estate,
      engineering contracting, energy and resources, infrastructure construction, machinery manufacturing and information
      technology, with clear overall strength and great momentum of growth.




170   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




In December 2011, with approval from the State Council, and in alignment with its wholly-owned subsidiary Beijing
CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., CITIC Group contributed the majority of its existing net operating assets to
establish CITIC Corporation Limited (named “CITIC Limited” when first established). In particular, CITIC Group held
99.9% equity interest in CITIC Limited, and Beijing CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. held 0.1%. CITIC Group
as a whole was restructured into a wholly state-owned company. To complete the aforementioned capital contribution,
CITIC Group transferred its entire equity in the Bank to CITIC Corporation Limited as capital contribution. As a result,
CITIC Corporation Limited held 28,938,929,004 shares in the Bank both directly and indirectly, accounting for 61.85%
of the Bank’s total share capital. The above-mentioned share transfer was approved by the State Council, the Ministry
of Finance (MOF), former CBRC, the CSRC and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. In February 2013, the relevant
formalities for the share transfer were officially completed with approvals from the SSE and China Securities Depositary and
Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch. On 26 December 2018, the MOF and the Ministry of Human Resources
and Social Security (MOHRSS) decided to transfer MOF’s 10% equity in CITIC Group to the National Council for
Social Security Fund in a lump sum. According to relevant regulations, the National Council for Social Security Fund,
as a financial investor, is entitled to the equity income and other relevant rights and interests corresponding to the state-
owned equity transferred, and does not intervene in the daily production, operation and management of the enterprise. The
transfer does not change the original state-owned asset management mechanism of CITIC Group, and relevant procedures
are being handled.

In October 2013, BBVA transferred to CITIC Limited the 2,386,153,679 H shares it held in the Bank, accounting for
approximately 5.10% of the total share capital of the Bank, after which CITIC Limited increased its shareholding in the
Bank to 66.95%.

In August 2014, CITIC Group injected its main business assets entirely into its Hong Kong listed subsidiary, CITIC
Pacific, and renamed it CITIC Limited. The former CITIC Limited was renamed CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC
Limited held 100% equity interest in CITIC Corporation Limited.

In September 2014, CITIC Corporation Limited purchased an additional 81,910,800 H shares of the Bank via agreement
transfer, after which, CITIC Corporation Limited held a total of 31,406,992,773 A shares and H shares of the Bank,
accounting for approximately 67.13% of the Bank’s total share capital.

In January 2016, the Bank completed its private offering of 2,147,469,539 A shares to China Tobacco, upon which
time the Bank’s total share capital increased to 48,934,796,573 shares and the proportion of shares owned by CITIC
Corporation Limited went down to 64.18%.

In January 2016, CITIC Limited notified the Bank that it planned to increase its shareholding in the Bank by 21 January
2017 when appropriate, provided that the accumulative percentage of such incremental equity holding did not exceed 5%
of the Bank’s total issued share capital. As at 21 January 2017, the implementation of the additional shareholding plan was
completed. CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) held 32,284,227,773 shares of the
Bank in aggregate, of which they held 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares, representing 65.97% of the
total issued shares of the Bank.

As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Group had a registered capital of RMB205,311,476,359.03, and its legal
representative was Mr. Zhu Hexin. Its business scope covered: investment in and management of domestic and overseas
financial enterprises and related industries including banking, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures,
leases, funds and credit cards; investment businesses in energy, transportation infrastructure, mining, forestry resources
development and raw materials industry, machinery manufacturing, real estate development, information infrastructure,
basic telecommunications and value-added telecom services, environmental protection, pharmaceuticals, biological
engineering and new materials, aviation, transportation, warehousing, hotels, tourism, domestic and international trade,
commerce, education, publication, media, culture and sports, domestic and overseas engineering design, construction,
contracting and sub-contracting, and industrial investment; asset management; capital operation; project tendering,
exploration, design, construction, supervision, contracting and subcontracting and consulting services; external allocation
of required workers to overseas projects compatible with its strength, scale and business performance; import and export;
and information services business (only restricted to internet information services which excludes information search and
inquiry service, information community service, instant information interaction service and information protection and
processing service). (The market entity shall discretionally choose its business projects and conduct its business activities
according to the law; conduct its business activities as per approval of competent authorities regarding business items that
may only be conducted with such approval according to the law; and may not engage in business activities of projects that
are prohibited or restricted by the national and municipal industrial policies).


                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     171
      Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited had a registered capital of RMB139,000,000,000; and
      Mr. Zhu Hexin was its legal representative. Its business scope covered: 1. Investment in and management of the financial
      sector, including investment in and management of domestic and overseas financial enterprises and related industries such
      as banking, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leases, funds and credit cards; 2. Investment in and
      management of the non-financial sector, including (1) energy, transportation and other infrastructure; mining, (2) forestry
      and other resource development and the raw materials industry; (3) machine manufacturing; (4) real estate development;
      (5) the information industry: information infrastructure, basic telecommunications and value-added telecom services; (6)
      commercial and trade services and other industries; environmental protection; pharmaceuticals, biological engineering
      and new materials; aviation, transportation, warehousing, hotels and tourism; domestic and international trade, import
      and export, commerce; education, publication, media, culture and sports; consulting services; 3. Grant of shareholder
      loans to its domestic and overseas subsidiaries; capital operation; asset management; domestic and overseas project
      design, construction, contracting and sub-contracting, and labor export; and other business items approved by competent
      authorities. (The market entity shall discretionally choose its business projects and conduct its business activities according
      to the law; the entity changed from a domestic enterprise into a foreign-invested enterprise on 22 July 2014, and needs to
      conduct its business activities as per approval of competent authorities regarding business items that may only be conducted
      with such approval according to the law; it may not engage in business activities of projects that are prohibited or restricted
      by the national and municipal industrial policies.)

      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) held
      32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank in aggregate, representing 65.97% of the total issued shares of the Bank, including
      28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned 31,988,728,773
      shares in the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the total share capital of the Bank, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and
      3,049,800,479 H shares.

      As at the end of the reporting period, the ownership structure between the Bank, its controlling shareholder and its de
      facto controller was as follows51:


                                                              CITIC Group Corporation Limited


                                                       100%                                                                       100%

                                    CITIC Glory Limited                                                        CITIC Polaris Limited


                                     25.60%                                                                                       32.53%
                                                                             CITIC Limited

                                                                                               100%

                                                                   CITIC Corporation Limited

                                                                                               65.37%

                                                            China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited




      51	CITIC Glory Limited and CITIC Polaris Co., Ltd. are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC Group. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned 65.37% of
              the total share capital of the Bank, in addition to which, CITIC Limited also held part of the Bank’s equity via its subsidiaries and CITIC Corporation Limited’s
              subsidiaries.




172   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




In accordance with relevant requirements of the Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
the end of the reporting period, the controlling shareholder, de facto controller, persons acting in concert and ultimate
beneficiary of CITIC Corporation Limited are as follows:

  Name of shareholder            Controlling shareholder    De facto controller                     Persons acting in concert                               Ultimate beneficiary
  CITIC Corporation Limited      CITIC Limited              CITIC Group                             Fortune Class Investments Limited, Metal Link Limited   CITIC Group

Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Limited and
CITIC Corporation Limited (as at the end of the reporting period)

                                                                                                                                                                                Shareholding
  Name of shareholder                                                  Name of listed company                                   Place of listing        Stock code             percentage (%)
  CITIC Corporation Limited 15.52%                                                                                              Shanghai                600030.SH
                                                                       CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                     18.45%
  CITIC Limited 2.93%                                                                                                           Hong Kong               06030.HK
  CITIC Corporation Limited 60.49%
  CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 4.52%                              CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.                         Shanghai                601608.SH                     67.27%
  CITIC Automobile Limited 2.26%
  CITIC Offshore Helicopter Limited 30.18%
                                                                       CITIC Offshore Helicopter Corporation Limited            Shenzhen                000099.SZ                     38.63%
  CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 8.45%
  CITIC Corporation Limited 62.70%
                                                                       Citic Press Corporation                                  Shenzhen                300788.SZ                     73.50%
  CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 10.80%
  Keentech Group Ltd 49.57%
  CITIC Australia Pty Limited 9.55%                                    CITIC Resources Holdings Limited                         Hong Kong               01205.HK                      59.50%
  Fortune Class Investments Limited 0.38%
  Richtone Enterprises Inc. 3.66%
  Ease Action Investments Corp. 33.66%
                                                                       CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited             Hong Kong               01883.HK                      57.73%
  Silver Log Holdings Ltd 16.57%
  Cuixin Holdings Corporation Limited 3.84%
  CITIC Pacific (China) Investment Limited 4.26%
  Hubei Xinye Steel Co., Ltd. 4.53%                                    CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.              Shenzhen                000708.SZ                     83.85%
  CITIC Pacific Special Steel Investment Co., Ltd. 75.05%
  CITIC Industrial Investment Group Co., Ltd. 0.82%
  CITIC Agriculture Limited 16.54%                                     Yuan Longping High-tech Agriculture Co., Ltd.            Shenzhen                000998.SZ                     18.96%
  Shenzhen Xin Nong Investment Center (Limited Partnership) 1.60%
  Complete Noble Investments Limited 10.01%                            China Overseas Land & Investment Limited                 Hong Kong               00688.HK                      10.01%
  Easy Flow Investments Limited 25.91%                                 Frontier Services Group Limited                          Hong Kong               00500.HK                      25.91%
                                                                                                                                                        IVN.TSX
  CITIC Metal Africa Investments Limited 25.92%                        Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.                                       Toronto                                               25.92%
                                                                                                                                                        IVPAF.OTCQX
  CITIC Resources Australia Pty Limited 9.61%
                                                                                                                                                        AWC.ASX
  CITIC Australia Pty Limited 1.37%                                    Alumina Limited                                          Sydney                                                18.92%
                                                                                                                                                        AWC.OTC
  Bestbuy Overseas Co Ltd 7.94%

Notes: (1) Due to rounding, the total shareholding percentage of CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited over CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd. is
              slightly different from the sum of the shareholding percentage of CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.’s direct-holding companies.
        (2) Shenzhen Xin Nong Investment Center (Limited Partnership) is not a consolidated subsidiary of CITIC Group, but a person acting in concert with CITIC
              Industrial Investment Group Co., Ltd. and CITIC Agriculture Limited. Its shares in Yuan Longping High-tech Agriculture Co., Ltd. are disclosed in the table
              on a consolidated basis.
        (3) The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.




                                                                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report         173
      Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Group (as at the
      end of the reporting period)

                                                                                                                                                Shareholding
       Name of shareholder                                          Name of listed company                     Place of listing   Stock code   percentage (%)
       CITIC Polaris Limited 32.53%
                                                                    CITIC Limited                              Hong Kong          00267.HK            58.13%
       CITIC Glory Limited 25.60%
       CITIC Group Corporation Limited 23.46%                       China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd.   Hong Kong          02799.HK            23.46%

      Note:   The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.




          6.7 Equity Change of Controlling Shareholder

      On 22 June 2022, the Bank was notified by CITIC Corporation Limited that: (i) CITIC Corporation Limited will transfer
      to CITIC Financial Holdings a total of 31,406,992,773 shares of the Bank (representing approximately 64.18% of the
      total number of issued shares of the Bank), comprising 28,938,928,294 A shares and 2,468,064,479 H shares, for nil
      consideration (the “Gratuitous Share Transfer”); and (ii) CITIC Corporation Limited will transfer to CITIC Financial
      Holdings the A-share convertible bonds issued by the Bank in the total principal amount of RMB26.388 billion for
      nil consideration (together with the Gratuitous Share Transfer, the “Gratuitous Transfer”). On 22 June 2022, CITIC
      Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings entered into the Agreement on the Gratuitous Transfer of Shares of
      China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited by CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings in relation to the
      gratuitous transfer of A shares of the Bank, and the Agreement on the Gratuitous Transfer of Shares of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited by CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings in relation to the gratuitous transfer of
      H shares of the Bank and the Agreement on the Gratuitous Transfer of Convertible Corporate Bonds of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited by CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings.

      Upon the completion of the Gratuitous Transfer, CITIC Financial Holdings would directly hold a total of 31,406,992,773
      shares of the Bank (representing approximately 64.18% of the total issued shares of the Bank) and A-share convertible
      bonds issued by the Bank in the total principal amount of RMB26.388 billion; CITIC Financial Holdings would replace
      China Corporation Limited and become the new controlling shareholder of the Bank; and CITIC Group would remain
      as the de facto controller of the Bank. The Gratuitous Transfer is an internal reorganization initiated by the de facto
      controller of the Bank, in furtherance of the relevant requirements of the PBOC in connection with the establishment
      of financial holding companies. The Gratuitous Transfer was not expected to have any material impact on the normal
      operating activities of the Bank.

      The Gratuitous Transfer has been approved by CBIRC and currently relevant works concerning the process of transfer is
      being handled. Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
      (www. hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 23 June 2022, 8 November 2022, 8 December 2022, 7
      January 2023, 8 February 2023 and 8 March 2023 for detailed information thereof.




174   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 6 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




   6.8 Information on Other Substantial Shareholders

As per the relevant provisions of the Provisional Measures for the Management of Equity in Commercial Banks, in addition
to CITIC Corporation Limited, the substantial shareholders of the Bank also include Summit Idea Limited and China
Tobacco. As at the end of the reporting period, among members of the Board of Directors of the Bank, one non-executive
director was recommended by Summit Idea Limited and another non-executive director was recommended by China
Tobacco.

Summit Idea Limited is a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands. As at the end of the reporting period, it held via
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited 2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685%
of the Bank’s total shares, with 1,123,363,710 H shares of the Bank pledged as collateral. Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao. In addition to the aforementioned stake, Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd., a
wholly owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, owned 153,686,000 H shares of the Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing
Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares. Xinhu Zhongbao (SH.600208) was listed on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1999 with its principal business being real estate and investment. As at 30 September
2022, Xinhu Zhongbao recorded registered capital of RMB8.6 billion, total assets of RMB128.4 billion and net assets of
RMB41.1 billion.

China Tobacco is a mega state-owned enterprise established with approval from the State Council. As at the end of the
reporting period, China Tobacco held 2,147,469,539 A shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.39% of the Bank’s total
shares, with no pledge of the Bank’s equity as collateral. China Tobacco is an enterprise owned by the whole people with
registered capital of RMB57 billion. Its legal representative is Zhang Jianmin. The main business scope of China Tobacco
includes the production, operation and import and export of tobacco monopoly products, as well as management and
operation of state-owned assets.

In accordance with relevant requirements of the Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
the end of the reporting period, the above substantial shareholders and their controlling shareholders, de facto controllers,
persons acting in concert and ultimate beneficiaries are as follows:

 Name of shareholder   Controlling shareholder        De facto controller   Person acting in concert            Ultimate beneficiary
 Summit Idea Limited   Total Partner Global Limited   Huang Wei             Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd. Huang Wei
 China Tobacco         State Council                  State Council         None                                State Council




   6.9 Other Legal-Person Shareholders Holding 10% or More of the
       Bank’s Shares

As at the end of the reporting period, there were no other legal-person shareholders that held 10% or more of the Bank’s
shares except CITIC Corporation Limited.



   6.10 Share Repurchase

There was no share repurchase during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    175
      Chapter 7 Preference Shares

            7.1 Issuance and Listing of Preference Shares

      After obtaining the Reply of China Banking Regulatory Commission on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering of
      Preference Shares and Amendment to the Articles of Association (CBRC Reply [2015] No. 540) from former CBRC and the
      Reply on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering of Preference Shares (CSRC License [2016] No.1971) from CSRC,
      the Bank made the non-public offering of 350 million onshore preference shares at RMB100 par value per share on 21
      October 2016. These shares were issued at par at 3.80% initial coupon rate and with no maturity date. These 350 million
      preference shares, referred to as “CITIC Excellent 1” with the preference share stock code of 360025, have been listed on
      Shanghai Stock Exchange’s Comprehensive Business Platform on 21 November 2016.

      Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 10 November 2016 and 16 November 2016 for detailed information
      thereof.



            7.2 Number of Preference Shareholders and Their Shareholdings

      As at the end of the reporting period and the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28
      February 2023), the Bank recorded 72 accounts of preference shareholders (“CITIC Excellent 1”, preference share stock
      code: 360025). Information on the top 10 preference shareholders at the end of the reporting period is set out in the table
      below:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: shares
                                                                                                                                                                       Number
                                                                                               Changes in     Number of                                                of shares
                                                                                           shareholding in shares held at Shareholding                                subject to   Shares pledged
                                                                                             the reporting the end of the   percentage                              restrictions     or frozen
       No. Name of shareholder (full name)                            Nature of shareholder period (+, -)         period           (%) Class of shares held              on sale   Status Quantity
       1     China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.              State-owned legal person            –    43,860,000         12.53 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
       2     China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend –        Other                               –    38,430,000         10.98 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                Individual Dividend – 005L – FH002 Shanghai
       3     China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional –   Other                                 –    38,400,000         10.97 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                Ordinary Insurance Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai
       4     Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Universal Other                              –    30,700,000          8.77 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                 – Individual Universal Insurance
       5     Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Dividend Other                               –    30,700,000          8.77 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                 – Dividends for Individual Insurance
       6     BOCOM Schroder Asset Management – BOCOM –          Other                                     –    25,700,000          7.34 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
               BOCOM Schroder Asset Management Excellence No. 2
               Collective Asset Management Plan
       7     AVIC Trust Co., Ltd. – AVIC Trust · Tianji Win-Win       Other                      +11,930,000   11,930,000          3.41 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                No.2 Securities Investment Collective Capital Trust
                Plan
       8     Hwabao Trust Co., Ltd. – Hwabao Trust – Baofu            Other                               –    11,650,000          3.33 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
               Investment No. 1 Collective Capital Trust Plan
       9     Bosera Funds – ICBC – Bosera – ICBC – Flexible           Other                               –    10,300,000          2.94 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –
                Allocation No. 5 Specific Multi-Client Asset
                Management Plan
       10    Bank of China Limited Shanghai Branch                    Other                       +8,350,000    8,350,000          2.39 Onshore preference shares             –        –            –




176   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                Chapter 7 Preference Shares




Notes: (1) The shareholdings of the preference shareholders were calculated based on the information contained in the preference-share register of the Bank.
       (2) Note on related relations or concerted actions of the above preference shareholders: Based on publicly available information, the Bank came to the preliminary
            conclusion that there was related relation between China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Individual Dividend – 005L – FH002 Shanghai
            and China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional – Ordinary Insurance Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai, and between Ping An Life Insurance
            Company of China, Ltd. – Universal – Individual Universal Insurance and Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Dividend – Dividends for
            Individual Insurance. Except for these, the Bank was not aware of any other related relation or concerted action between the above-mentioned preference
            shareholders or between the above-mentioned preference shareholders and the top 10 ordinary shareholders.
       (3) “Shareholding percentage” means the percentage of preference shares held by preference shareholders accounting for in the total issued preference shares.




    7.3 Dividend Distribution for Preference Shares

7.3.1 Policy on dividend distribution of preference shares

A nominal dividend rate subject to phase-specific adjustment shall be applied to the Bank’s preference shares. Every five
years as of the payment date of the subscribed shares constitutes an interest-bearing period and the same nominal dividend
rate shall be applied to a whole period. The nominal dividend rate for the first interest-bearing period was set at 3.80% by
book finding. Cash dividends shall be paid for the above-mentioned preference shares on an annual basis, with the interest-
bearing principal calculated as the total par value of the issued ongoing preference shares and the interest start date being
the payment date of the subscribed shares (i.e., 26 October 2016). Dividends on the above preference shares shall not be
cumulative, i.e., the shortage from a full-amount dividend payout in the current year will not be accumulated to the next
interest-bearing year. Except for access to the dividends agreed upon in accordance with the issuance plan, the above-
mentioned preference shareholders shall not participate in the distribution of residual profits together with the ordinary
shareholders.

Since 26 October 2021, the benchmark interest rate of “CITIC Excellent 1” was 2.78%, with a fixed premium of
1.30%, and the nominal dividend rate recorded 4.08% for the second interest-bearing period. Please refer to the relevant
announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
(www.citicbank.com) on 27 October 2021 for detailed information thereof.

7.3.2 Payment of dividends on preference shares during the reporting period
Pursuant to the resolutions and authorization of the general meeting, the Bank adopted the 2022 Plan on Payment of
Dividends on Preference Shares at the Board meeting convened on 25 August 2022, approving that the preference share
dividends accrued between 26 October 2021 and 25 October 2022 would be paid on 26 October 2022. On 26 October
2022, the Bank paid dividends on the preference shares to all the shareholders of “CITIC Excellent 1” registered with
China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch at the close of SSE trading as at 25
October 2022. The Bank paid out a preference dividend of RMB4.08 per share (tax inclusive), which was calculated at a
nominal dividend rate of 4.08% of “CITIC Excellent 1”, with the total dividend payment for preference shares amounting
to RMB1.428 billion (tax inclusive).

For details on the payment of dividends on preference shares, please refer to the Bank’s announcements on the websites of
SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 18 October 2022.



    7.4 Redemption or Conversion of Preference Shares

No preference share of the Bank was redeemed or converted during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report           177
      Chapter 7 Preference Shares




         7.5 Restoration of Voting Right of Preference Shares

      During the reporting period, there was no restoration for the voting right of preference shares.



         7.6 A ccounting Policies for Preference Shares and the Underlying
              Reasons

      According to the relevant accounting standards promulgated by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), namely, Accounting
      Standards for Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments and Accounting Standards for
      Enterprises No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments, and pursuant to the principal terms of the preference share
      issuance, the above-mentioned preference shares are eligible to be classified as equity instrument. Hence, the preference
      shares are accounted equity instrument.




178   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 8 Convertible Corporate Bonds

   8.1 Overview

On 4 March 2019, the Bank completed the issuance of 40 million board lots of A-share convertible corporate bonds
(hereinafter referred to as “A-share convertible bonds”), with each issued at the face value of RMB100 at par, raising total
proceeds of RMB40 billion, which came to net proceeds of RMB39.9156402 billion after the deduction of the issuance
costs. These A-share convertible bonds, referred to as “CITIC Convertible Bonds” with the code of 113021, were listed
and traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 19 March 2019. All proceeds from the issuance of A-share convertible
bonds have been used for operation to support business development, and will be used to replenish the Bank’s core tier-
one capital after the conversion to shares according to relevant regulations. The maturity of A-share convertible bonds is
six years from the date of issuance, i.e., from 4 March 2019 to 3 March 2025, and the interest start date is the first day of
issuance, i.e., 4 March 2019. The coupon rate is 0.3% for the first year, 0.8% for the second year, 1.5% for the third year,
2.3% for the fourth year, 3.2% for the fifth year and 4.0% for the sixth year.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 8 March 2019 and 15 March 2019 respectively for details
thereof.



   8.2 A -share Convertible Bond Holders and Guarantors during the
       Reporting Period

Information of the top 10 A-share convertible bond holders as at the end of the reporting period is set out in the table
below:

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB Yuan
 A-share convertible bondholders at the period end (accounts)                                                      12,971
 Guarantors of A-share convertible bonds of the Bank                                                                None
                                                                                   Nominal value of
                                                                                        bonds held
                                                                                      at the end of          Percentage of
 Name of top ten A-share convertible bondholders                                         the period        bonds held (%)
 China CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                            26,388,000,000                  65.97
 China National Tobacco Corporation                                                   2,521,129,000                   6.30
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited)               1,649,351,000                   4.12
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.)                                1,174,739,000                   2.94
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (Bank of China Limited)                                         1,013,920,000                   2.53
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.)                              767,344,000                   1.92
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (China Construction Bank Corporation)                             648,618,000                   1.62
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.)                                312,412,000                   0.78
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (Agricultural Bank of China Limited)                              299,943,000                   0.75
 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. – Essence Stable Value-Added Flexible
   Allocation Hybrid Securities Investment Fund                                          212,820,000                   0.53




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     179
      Chapter 8 Convertible Corporate Bonds




          8.3 Changes in A-share Convertible Bonds during the Reporting Period
      For the A-share convertible bonds issued by the Bank, the conversion period commenced from the first trading day after
      six months since the completion of the issuance of the convertible bonds to the convertible bond maturity date, i.e., from
      11 September 2019 and will expire on 3 March 2025. As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Convertible Bonds
      amounted to a total of RMB335,000 have been converted to A-share ordinary shares of the Bank, with the total number of
      converted shares reaching 47,084, which accounted for 0.0000962% of the total ordinary shares issued by the Bank before
      the conversion of CITIC Convertible Bonds.

      On 22 June 2022, CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Financial Holdings entered into the Agreement on the
      Gratuitous Transfer of Convertible Corporate Bonds of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited by CITIC Corporation Limited
      and CITIC Financial Holdings, in which CITIC Corporation Limited would transfer its A-share convertible bonds with a
      par value of RMB26.388 billion to CITIC Financial Holdings for nil consideration. The A-share convertible bonds with
      a par value of RMB26.388 billion held by CITIC Corporation Limited had been transferred and registered under CITIC
      Financial Holdings on 18 July 2022, and CITIC Corporation Limited no longer holds A-share convertible bonds of the
      Bank. Please refer to “6.7 Equity Change of Controlling Shareholder” of this report and the relevant announcements
      published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
      (www.citicbank.com) on 23 June 2022 and 20 July 2022 respectively for detailed information thereof.


           8.4 Previous Adjustments of Conversion Prices
      On 28 July 2022, the Bank distributed cash dividends on ordinary shares (A share) for the year 2021. According to the
      related articles of the Prospectus on the Public Issuance of the A Share Convertible Corporate Bonds of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited as well as other applicable laws and regulations, after the issuance of A-share convertible bonds of the
      Bank, the Bank will accordingly adjust the conversion price of the A-share convertible bonds in case that changes take place
      to the Bank’s shares due to the distribution of stock dividends, transfer of share capital, issuance of new shares, or rights
      issue (excluding the share capital increase due to the conversion of convertible bonds issued this time) and the distribution
      of cash dividends of the Bank. Therefore, after this profit distribution, the conversion price of CITIC Convertible
      Bonds was adjusted from RMB6.73 per share to RMB6.43 per share since 28 July 2022 (the ex-dividend date). Previous
      adjustments to conversion prices are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB Yuan/share
      Date of adjustment               Conversion price                                                                         Reasons for adjustment to
      to conversion prices             after adjustment       Disclosure date   Media of disclosure                             conversion prices
      22 July 2019                                 7.22       15 July 2019      China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities   The implementation of profit
                                                                                  News, Securities Times, website of SSE,          distribution for ordinary shares
                                                                                  website of the Bank                              (A share) for 2018
      15 July 2020                                   6.98     8 July 2020       China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities   The implementation of profit
                                                                                  News, Securities Times, website of SSE,          distribution for ordinary shares
                                                                                  website of the Bank                              (A share) for 2019
      29 July 2021                                   6.73     22 July 2021      China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities   The implementation of profit
                                                                                  News, Securities Times, website of SSE,          distribution for ordinary shares
                                                                                  website of the Bank                              (A share) for 2020
      28 July 2022                                   6.43     21 July 2022      China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities   The implementation of profit
                                                                                  News, Securities Times, website of SSE,          distribution for ordinary shares
                                                                                  website of the Bank                              (A share) for 2021
      The latest conversion price at the disclosure date of this report                                                                                             6.43



           8.5 The Bank’s Outstanding Debts, Creditworthiness and Availability
                of Cash for Repayment of Debts in Future Years
      In accordance with the applicable provisions in the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds
      of CSRC and relevant regulations, the Bank entrusted the credit rating agency Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
      (hereinafter referred to as “Dagong Global”) to track the credit standing of the CITIC Convertible Bonds the Bank issued
      in March 2019. Dagong Global issued the Tracking Rating Report on China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited as the Issuer
      and its Publicly Offered A-share Convertible Corporate Bonds (2022) which stated the rating results that: maintaining the
      Bank’s long-term credit rating at AAA with a stable outlook and the credit rating of CITIC Convertible Bonds at AAA.
      The Bank maintained stability in all aspects of operation, as exemplified by its reasonable asset structure, liabilities without
      obvious changes, and robust credit position. In future years, income from normal operations, cash inflows, and realization
      of current assets will constitute the principal cash sources for the Bank’s debt service.
180   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)



To the Shareholders of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
(This auditor’s report is published in English and Chinese. In the event of any inconsistency between the two versions, the Chinese
version shall prevail.)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”), which are set out on pages 188 to 328, comprise:

•      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022;

•      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
       information.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•      Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

•      Consolidation of structured entities – Non-principal guaranteed wealth management products




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report      181
      Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

       Refer to Note 4 (c), Note 5 (i), Note 22 and Note 23 to       We understood and evaluated management’s internal
       the consolidated financial statements.                        controls and assessment process for the measurement of
                                                                     ECL for loans and advances to customers, and financial
       As at 31 December 2022, gross loans and advances              investments, and assessed the inherent risk of material
       to customers and accrued interest included for the            misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
       purpose of expected credit loss assessment, as presented      uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors such as
       in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet, amounted           the complexity of estimation models used, the subjectivity
       to RMB5,166,071 million, for which management                 of significant management judgements and assumptions,
       recognized an impairment allowance of RMB131,614              and susceptibility to management bias.
       million; total financial investments and accrued interest
       included for the purpose of expected credit loss assessment   We assessed and tested the design and the operating
       amounted to RMB1,968,713 million, for which                   effectiveness of the internal controls relating to the
       management recognized an impairment allowance of              measurement of ECL for loans and advances to customers,
       RMB31,283 million.                                            and financial investments, primarily including:

       The balances of loss allowances for the loans and             •      Governance over ECL models, including the
       advances to customers and financial investments represent            selection, approval and application of modelling
       management’s best estimates at the balance sheet date                methodology; and the internal controls relating to
       of expected credit losses (“ECL”) under International                the on-going monitoring and optimization of the
       Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial Instruments.               models;

                                                                     •      Internal controls relating to significant
                                                                            management judgments and assumptions,
                                                                            including the assessment and approval of portfolio
                                                                            segmentation, model selections, parameters
                                                                            estimation, identification of significant increase
                                                                            in credit risk, defaults or credit-impaired loans,
                                                                            forward-looking measurement, and management
                                                                            overlay adjustments;

                                                                     •      Internal controls over the accuracy and
                                                                            completeness of key inputs used by the models;

                                                                     •      Internal controls relating to estimated future cash
                                                                            flows and calculations of present values of such
                                                                            cash flows for corporate loans and advances and
                                                                            financial investments in stage 3;

                                                                     •      Internal controls over the information systems for
                                                                            ECL measurement;

                                                                     •      Evaluation and approval of the measurement result
                                                                            of ECL for loans and advances to customers, and
                                                                            financial investments.




182   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)




Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

Management assesses whether the credit risk of loans               We involved our credit risk experts in evaluating the
and advances to customers and financial investments                model methodologies, significant judgements and
have increased significantly since their initial recognition,      assumptions, data and key parameters used in the ECL
and applies an impairment model to calculate their ECL.            measurement for loans and advances to customers, and
For stages 1 and 2 financial assets, management assesses           financial investments. The substantive audit procedures
impairment allowance using risk parameter model that               we performed primarily included:
incorporates key parameters, including probability
of default, loss given default, exposure at default and            •      According to the risk characteristics of assets, we
discount rates. For stages 3 financial assets, management                 evaluated the segmentation of business operations.
assesses impairment allowance using both risk parameter                   We assessed the appropriateness of the modelling
model and discounted cash flows model.                                    methodologies adopted for ECL measurement by
                                                                          comparing with the industry practice. We also
The models of ECL involves significant management                         examined the coding for model measurement on a
judgments and assumptions, primarily including:                           sample basis, to tested whether or not the models
                                                                          reflect the modelling methodologies documented
(1)    Segmentation of business operations sharing                        by the management.
       similar credit risk characteristics, selection of
       appropriate models and determination of relevant            •      We have examined the accuracy of data inputs
       key measurement parameters;                                        for the ECL models, covering: (i) examination of
                                                                          supporting information on a sample basis, including
(2)    Criteria for determining whether or not there was                  contractual information, such as maturity dates,
       a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or             and other financial and non-financial information,
       impairment loss was incurred;                                      such as the borrower’s historical and reporting
                                                                          date information, which have been agreed with
                                                                          the underlying data used to generate probability of
                                                                          default and internal credit ratings; (ii) assessment
                                                                          of the reasonableness of the loss given default using
                                                                          historical data and benchmarking against industry
                                                                          practices; and (iii) examination of borrowing
                                                                          contracts and assessment of the reasonableness of
                                                                          exposure at default and discounting rates.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     183
      Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

       (3)    Economic indicators for forward-looking                •      We selected samples, in consideration of the financial
              measurement, and the application of economic                  information and non-financial information of
              scenarios and weightings;                                     the borrowers, relevant external evidence and
                                                                            other factors, to assess the appropriateness of
       (4)    Management overlay adjustments due to significant             management’s identification of significant increase
              uncertain factors not covered in the models;                  in credit risk, defaults and credit-impaired loans.

       (5)    The estimated future cash flows for corporate loans    •      For forward-looking measurements, we assessed
              and advances and financial investments in stage 3.            management’s selection of economic indicators and
                                                                            their analysis of correlation with the performance
       The amount of impairment of the loans and advances to                of the credit risk portfolios by using statistical
       customers and financial investments is significant, and the          techniques. We further tested the reasonableness
       measurement has a high degree of estimation uncertainty.             of the prediction of economic indicators by
       For measuring ECL, the management adopted complex                    comparing with available external expert estimates.
       models, employed numerous parameters and data inputs,                In addition, we performed sensitivity analysis of
       and applied significant management judgments and                     economic scenarios and weightings.
       assumptions, and involved significant inherent risk. In
       view of these reasons, we identified this as a key audit      •      In addition, based on considering the significant
       matter.                                                              uncertain factors, we evaluated the rationality of
                                                                            management overlay adjustments, and examined
                                                                            the accuracy of the relevant mathematical
                                                                            calculations.

                                                                     •      For corporate loans and advances and financial
                                                                            investments in stage 3, we examined, on a sample
                                                                            basis, forecasted future cash flows prepared by the
                                                                            Group based on financial information of borrowers
                                                                            and guarantors, latest collateral valuations, other
                                                                            available information and possible future factors
                                                                            together with discount rates in supporting the
                                                                            computation of loss allowance.

                                                                     •      We checked and evaluated the financial statement
                                                                            disclosures in relation to the measurement of ECL
                                                                            for loans and advances to customers, and financial
                                                                            investments.

                                                                     Based on our procedures performed, we considered that
                                                                     the models, significant judgements and assumptions, as
                                                                     well as relevant data and parameters used by management
                                                                     in measuring ECL for loans and advances to customers,
                                                                     and financial investments were supported by the available
                                                                     evidence.




184   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                       Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                            (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)




Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Consolidation of Structured Entities – Non-principal Guaranteed Wealth Management Products

Refer to Note 4 (a), Note 5 (v) and Note 59 to the             We evaluated and tested the design and operating
consolidated financial statements.                             effectiveness of management’s relevant internal
                                                               controls over the consolidation of structured entities
As at 31 December 2022, all of non-principal guaranteed        for non-principal guaranteed WMPs. These controls
wealth management products (“WMPs”) issued and                 primarily included management’s review and approval
managed by the Group are structured entities that are          of the contractual terms, the results in variable return
not included in the scope of consolidation.                    calculations, and the consolidation assessment conclusions
                                                               for these structured entities.
Management’s decision on whether or not to consolidate
structured entities was based on an assessment of the          We selected samples of structured entities for non-
Group’s power, its variable returns from its involvement       principal guaranteed WMPs and performed substantive
with the structured entities and the ability to exercise       procedures as following:
its power to influence the variable returns from these
structured entities.                                           •      assessed the Group’s contractual rights and
                                                                      obligations in light of the transaction structures,
We have identified this as a key audit matter due to the              and evaluated the Group’s power over the
material balance of structured entities and significant               structured entities;
judgements were involved in assessing the Group’s control
over the structured entities.                                  •      performed independent analysis and tests on
                                                                      the variable returns from the structured entities,
                                                                      including but not limited to commission income
                                                                      and asset management fees earned, gain from
                                                                      investments, retention of residual income, and, if
                                                                      any, liquidity and other support provided to the
                                                                      structured entities;

                                                               •      assessed whether the Group acted as a principal
                                                                      or an agent through analysis of the scope of the
                                                                      Group decision-making authority, its remuneration
                                                                      entitlement, other interests the Group held, and
                                                                      the rights held by other parties.

                                                               •      examined and evaluated the financial statement
                                                                      disclosures relating to the consolidation of
                                                                      structured entities.

                                                               Based on the procedures performed above, we considered
                                                               that management’s judgements on the consolidation of
                                                               structured entities were supportable by the evidence
                                                               obtained and procedures performed.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report    185
      Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)



      Other Information

      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
      included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
      our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
      required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
      internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
      free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
      as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
      unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
      material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
      our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
      any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
      an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
      arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
             in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
             control.




186   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 9 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards)



•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
       evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
       on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
       to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
       disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
       the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
       going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
       and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
       achieves fair presentation.

•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
       supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yip Siu Foon, Linda.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong,23 March 2023




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report      187
      Chapter 9 C onsolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                 Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                      Notes        2022                2021
       Interest income                                                           313,609          306,165
       Interest expense                                                         (162,962)        (158,269)
       Net interest income                                             6         150,647          147,896
       Fee and commission income                                                  41,051           40,604
       Fee and commission expense                                                 (3,959)          (4,734)
       Net fee and commission income                                   7          37,092           35,870
       Net trading gain                                                8           4,881            5,168
       Net gain from investment securities                             9          17,771           14,874
       Net hedging loss                                                10              –                –
       Other operating income                                                        718              746
       Operating income                                                          211,109          204,554
       Operating expenses                                              11        (66,838)         (62,224)
       Operating profit before impairment                                        144,271          142,330
       Credit impairment losses                                        12        (71,359)         (77,005)
       Impairment losses on other assets                               13            (45)             (43)
       Revaluation gains/(losses) on investment properties                           (74)              23
       Share of profit/(loss) gain of associates and joint ventures                  623              212
       Profit before tax                                                          73,416           65,517
       Income tax expense                                              14        (10,466)          (9,140)
       Profit for the year                                                        62,950           56,377
       Net profit attributable to:
       Equity holders of the Bank                                                 62,103           55,641
       Non-controlling interests                                                     847              736




188   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                       Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                      Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                           Notes                 2022                2021
 Profit for the year                                                                           62,950              56,377
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax:                                     15
 (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax):
         — Fair value changes on financial investments designated at
               fair value through other comprehensive income                                      237                   30
         — Changes in defined benefit plan liabilities                                              –                   (1)
 (ii) Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         (net of tax):
         — Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or loss
               under equity method                                                                 (28)                (12)
         — Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                                       (8,191)              2,394
         — Impairment allowance on financial assets at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                                 145                   32
         — Exchange difference on translation of financial statements                           4,132               (1,081)
         — Others                                                                                   4                  133
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                      15                 (3,701)              1,495
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                       59,249              57,872
 Total comprehensive income attribute to:
 Equity holders of the Bank                                                                    58,681              57,176
 Non-controlling interests                                                                        568                 696
 Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary
   shareholders of the Bank
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                              16                   1.17                1.08
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                            16                   1.06                0.98

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   189
      Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                 31 December   31 December
                                                                         Notes          2022          2021
       Assets
       Cash and balances with central banks                               17         477,381       435,383
       Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions            18          78,834       107,856
       Precious metals                                                                 5,985         9,645
       Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
         institutions                                                     19         218,164       143,918
       Derivative financial assets                                        20          44,383        22,721
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                      21          13,730        91,437
       Loans and advances to customers                                    22       5,038,967     4,748,076
       Financial investments                                              23
         — at fair value through profit or loss                                      557,594       495,810
         — at amortised cost                                                       1,135,452     1,170,229
         — at fair value through other comprehensive income                          804,695       651,857
         — designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                 5,128         4,745
       Investments in associates and joint ventures                       24           6,341         5,753
       Investment properties                                              26             516           547
       Property, plant and equipment                                      27          34,430        34,184
       Right-of-use assets                                                28          10,824        10,638
       Intangible assets                                                               3,715         2,925
       Goodwill                                                           29             903           833
       Deferred tax assets                                                30          55,011        46,905
       Other assets                                                       31          55,490        59,422
       Total assets                                                                8,547,543     8,042,884
       Liabilities
       Borrowings from central banks                                                 119,422       189,198
       Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions            33       1,143,776     1,174,763
       Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions          34          70,741        78,331
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      1,546         1,164
       Derivative financial liabilities                                   20          44,265        22,907
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  35         256,194        98,339
       Deposits from customers                                            36       5,157,864     4,789,969
       Accrued staff costs                                                37          21,905        19,253
       Taxes payable                                                      38           8,487        10,753
       Debt securities issued                                             39         975,206       958,203
       Lease liabilities                                                              10,272         9,816
       Provisions                                                         40           9,736        11,927
       Deferred tax liabilities                                           30               3             8
       Other liabilities                                                  41          42,296        35,627
       Total liabilities                                                           7,861,713     7,400,258




190   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                        31 December        31 December
                                                                          Notes                2022               2021
 Equity
 Share capital                                                             42                48,935              48,935
 Other equity instruments                                                  43               118,076             118,076
 Capital reserve                                                           44                59,216              59,216
 Other comprehensive income                                                45                (1,621)              1,644
 Surplus reserve                                                           46                54,727              48,937
 General reserve                                                           47               100,580              95,490
 Retained earnings                                                         48               285,505             254,005
 Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                    665,418             626,303
 Non-controlling interests                                                 49                20,412              16,323
 Total equity                                                                               685,830             642,626
 Total liabilities and equity                                                              8,547,543          8,042,884

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and recognized for issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2023.




Zhu Hexin                                       Fang Heying
Chairman                                        Vice Chairman
Non-Executive Director                          Executive Director President

Wang kang                                       Xue Fengqing                                     Company stamp
Vice President                                  Manager of the Finance and Accounting
Chief Financial officer                         Department




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report    191
      Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                       Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                           Non-controlling interests

                                                                                                                           Other                                                   Ordinary Other equity
                                                                                        Other Equity        Capital comprehensive              Surplus      General    Retained      equity instruments
                                                                 Notes    Share capital instruments         reserve       income                reserve      reserve   earnings     holders      holders Total equity
       As at 1 January 2022                                                    48,935       118,076         59,216              1,644           48,937       95,490    254,005        9,121            7,202       642,626
       (i) Net profit                                                               –             –              –                  –                –            –     62,103          384              463        62,950
       (ii) Other comprehensive income                            15                –             –              –             (3,422)               –            –          –         (279)               –        (3,701)
       Total comprehensive income                                                   –             –               –            (3,422)                –           –     62,103          105              463        59,249
       (iii) Investor capital
             —Insurance of perpetual bonds                       43(ii)             –             –               –                  –                –           –           –            –           3,990         3,990
       (iv) Profit appropriations
             —Appropriations to surplus reserve                   46                –             –               –                  –           5,790            –      (5,790)           –                   –         –
             —Appropriations to general reserve                   47                –             –               –                  –               –        5,090      (5,090)           –                   –         –
             —Dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders
                   of the Bank                                    48                –             –               –                  –                –           –    (14,778)            –                   –   (14,778)
             —Dividend distribution to non-controlling
                   interests                                                        –             –               –                  –                –           –           –           (6)              –            (6)
             —Dividend distribution to preference shareholders    48                –             –               –                  –                –           –      (1,428)           –               –        (1,428)
             —Interest paid to holders of perpetual bonds        48/49              –             –               –                  –                –           –      (3,360)           –            (463)       (3,823)
       (v) Transfers within the owners’ equity
           —Other comprehensive income transferred to
                 retained earnings                                                  –             –               –               157                 –           –       (157)            –                   –         –
       As at 31 December 2022                                                  48,935       118,076         59,216             (1,621)          54,727      100,580    285,505        9,220           11,192       685,830

                                                                                                        Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                          Non-controlling interests

                                                                                                                           Other                                                   Ordinary Other equity
                                                                                        Other Equity        Capital comprehensive               Surplus     General    Retained      equity instruments
                                                                 Notes    Share capital instruments         reserve       income                 reserve     reserve   earnings     holders      holders Total equity
       As at 1 January 2021                                                    48,935         78,083         59,216                109          43,786       90,819    223,625         8,798           6,667       560,038
       (i) Net profit                                                               –              –              –                  –               –            –     55,641           369             367        56,377
       (ii) Other comprehensive income                            15                –              –              –              1,535               –            –          –           (40)              –         1,495
       Total comprehensive income                                                   –             –               –              1,535                –           –     55,641           329             367        57,872
       (iii) Investor capital
             —Insurance of perpetual bonds                       43(ii)             –         39,993              –                  –                –           –           –            –           3,859        43,852
             —Redemption of perpetual bonds                                         –              –              –                  –                –           –           –            –          (3,324)       (3,324)
       (iv) Profit appropriations
             —Appropriations to surplus reserve                   46                –             –               –                  –            5,151           –      (5,151)           –                   –         –
             —Appropriations to general reserve                   47                –             –               –                  –                –       4,671      (4,671)           –                   –         –
             —Dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders
                   of the Bank                                    48                –             –               –                  –                –           –     (12,429)           –                   –   (12,429)
             —Dividend distribution to non-controlling
                   interests                                                        –             –               –                  –                –           –           –           (6)              –            (6)
             —Dividend distribution to preference shareholders    48                –             –               –                  –                –           –      (1,330)           –               –        (1,330)
             —Interest paid to holders of perpetual bonds        48/49              –             –               –                  –                –           –      (1,680)           –            (367)       (2,047)
       As at 31 December 2021                                                  48,935        118,076         59,216              1,644          48,937       95,490    254,005         9,121           7,202       642,626

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




192   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                  Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2022                 2021
Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                            73,416               65,517
Adjustments for:
  — revaluation (gain)/loss on investments, derivatives and investment
        properties                                                                             (964)                (455)
  — investment gain                                                                         (14,287)             (14,113)
  — net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets
        and other assets                                                                         32                  (26)
  — unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                      52                 (835)
  — credit impairment losses                                                                 71,359               77,005
  — impairment losses on other assets                                                            45                   43
  — depreciation and amortisation                                                             4,110                3,457
  — interest expense on debt securities issued                                               27,082               26,962
  — dividend income from equity investment                                                     (102)                 (35)
  — depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest expense on lease liabilities             3,731                3,696
  — income tax paid                                                                         (18,043)             (12,880)
Subtotal                                                                                   146,431               148,336
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
(Increase)/decrease in balances with central banks                                           (3,363)                7,878
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                8,921                (3,832)
Increase in placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                                             (85,386)              (20,787)
(Increase)/decrease in investments in financial assets held for trading purposes             2,550                (8,469)
Decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements                                   77,922                19,642
Increase in loans and advances to customers                                               (347,961)             (432,361)
Decrease in borrowings from central banks                                                  (69,087)              (35,315)
Increase/(decrease) in deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions             (30,317)                9,758
Increase/(decrease) in placements from banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                                              (8,820)               20,966
Decrease in financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                        (680)               (7,386)
Increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                              157,583                23,303
Increase in deposits from customers                                                        340,067               216,620
Increase in other operating assets                                                         (17,411)              (28,945)
Increase in other operating liabilities                                                     24,617                15,198
Subtotal                                                                                     48,635             (223,730)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                   195,066               (75,394)




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report    193
      Chapter 9 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                               Notes                  2022                2021
       Investing activities
       Proceeds from disposal and redemption of investments                                       2,580,725        3,045,391
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment, land use
         rights, and other assets                                                                       127               168
       Cash received from equity investment income                                                      507               438
       Payments on acquisition of investments                                                    (2,690,472)       (3,248,304)
       Payments on acquisition of property, plant and equipment, land use
         rights and other assets                                                                     (6,799)           (4,481)
       Cash received from disposal of associates                                 24                      39                 –
       Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                 (115,873)        (206,788)
       Financing activities
       Cash received from debt securities issued                                 39                 850,086          903,846
       Cash received from other equity instruments issued                        43                   3,990           43,852
       Cash paid for redemption of other equity instruments                                               –           (3,324)
       Cash paid for redemption of debt securities issued                                          (836,677)        (678,912)
       Cash paid for interest on debt securities issued                                             (26,513)         (26,252)
       Cash paid for dividends                                                                      (20,035)         (15,812)
       Cash paid in connection with other financing activities                                       (3,390)          (3,480)
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                                     (32,539)         219,918
       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                          46,654          (62,264)
       Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                                    252,818          319,566
       Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                   8,399           (4,484)
       Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                               50                 307,871          252,818
       Cash flows from operating activities include:
       Interest received                                                                            320,205          323,057
       Interest paid                                                                               (131,295)        (119,881)

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




194   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



1   Corporate information
    China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank” or “CNCB”) is a joint stock company incorporated in the
    People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “Mainland China”) on 31 December 2006. Headquartered in Beijing, the
    Bank’s registered office is located at 6-30F and 32-42F No.10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.
    The Bank listed its A shares and H shares on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
    of Hong Kong Limited, respectively on 27 April 2007.

    The Bank operates under financial services certificate No. B0006H111000001 issued by the China Banking Insurance
    Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”, originally named China Banking Regulatory Commission), and unified social
    credit code No. 91110000101690725E issued by the State Administration of Industry and Commerce of the PRC.

    The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are the provision of corporate and
    personal banking services, conducting treasury business, the provision of asset management, finance leasing and other
    non-banking financial services.

    As at 31 December 2022, the Group mainly operates in Mainland China with branches covering 31 provinces,
    autonomous regions and municipalities, and overseas. In addition, the Bank’s subsidiaries have operations in Mainland
    China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of PRC (“Hong Kong”), the Macau Special Administrative
    Region of the PRC (“Macau”) and other overseas countries and regions.

    For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, Mainland China refers to the PRC excluding Hong Kong,
    Macau and Taiwan. Overseas refers to countries and regions other than Mainland China.

    The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 23 March 2023.

2   Basis of preparation
    These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The consolidated financial
    statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

    (a)    Accounting year
           The accounting year of the Group is from 1 January to 31 December.

    (b)    Functional currency and presentation currency
           The functional currency of the Bank is Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries
           are determined in accordance with the primary economic environment in which they operate, and are translated
           into Renminbi for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements according to Note 4 (b)(ii). The
           consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Renminbi and, unless otherwise stated, expressed
           in millions of Renminbi.




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report     195
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principal accounting policies
             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
             Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
             requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). These consolidated financial statements also comply
             with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited.

             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by financial
             assets and financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value
             through other comprehensive income, and investment properties, which are carried at fair value.

             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates.
             It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The
             areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant
             to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 5.

             (a)    Standards and amendments effective in 2022 relevant to and adopted by the Group
                    On 1 January 2022, the Group has adopted the following IFRSs and amendments issued by the International
                    Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), which were mandatorily effective:

                    IFRS 3 Amendments                                  Business Combinations
                    IAS 16 Amendments                                  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended
                                                                         Use
                    IAS 37 Amendments                                  Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
                    Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020             Minor Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IAS 41 and IFRS
                      Cycle (issued in May 2020)                         16

                    Minor amendments were made to IFRS 3 Business Combinations to update the references to the Conceptual
                    Framework for Financial Reporting and add an exception for the recognition of liabilities and contingent liabilities
                    within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and Interpretation 21
                    Levies. The amendments also confirm that contingent assets should not be recognised at the acquisition date.

                    IAS 16 Amendments prohibit entities from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment,
                    any proceeds received from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use.
                    It also clarifies that when ‘testing whether the asset is functioning properly’, an entity assesses the technical and
                    physical performance of the asset. The assessment of functioning properly is not an assessment of the financial
                    performance of an asset, such as assessing whether the asset has achieved the level of operating margin initially
                    anticipated by management. Entities must disclose separately the amounts of proceeds and costs relating to items
                    produced that are not an output of the entity’s ordinary activities.

                    IAS 37 Amendments specify which costs an entity needs to include when assessing whether a contract is onerous
                    or loss-making. The amendments apply a “directly related cost approach”. Costs that relate directly to a contract
                    to provide goods or services include both incremental costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract
                    activities. Before recognising a separate provision for an onerous contract, the entity recognises any impairment
                    loss that has occurred on assets used in fulfilling the contract. General and administrative costs do not relate
                    directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract.




196   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



3   Principal accounting policies (continued)
    (a)   Standards and amendments effective in 2022 relevant to and adopted by the Group
          (continued)
          Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle were issued in May 2020, including an amendment to IFRS
          9 Financial Instruments as well as an amendment to IFRS 16 Leases. The amendment to IFRS 9 clarifies fees
          that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially
          different from the terms of the original financial liability by conducting the “10 per cent” test for derecognition
          of financial liabilities. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender,
          including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. The amendment to IFRS
          16 Leases removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements in an illustrative
          example so as to remove potential confusion regarding the treatment of lease incentives when applying IFRS 16.

          The adoption of the above standards and amendments does not have any material impact on the operating
          results, financial position and comprehensive income of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

    (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
          year period and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
                                                                                                        Effective for annual
                                                                                                        periods beginning
                                                                                                        on or after
           IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2                 Disclosure of Accounting Policies        1 January 2023
             Amendments
           IAS 8 Amendments                                    Definition of Accounting Estimates       1 January 2023
           IAS 12 Amendments                                   Deferred Tax related to Assets and       1 January 2023
                                                                 Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                                 Transaction
           IFRS 17                                             Insurance Contracts                      1 January 2023
           IFRS 16 Amendments                                  Lease Liability in a Sale and            1 January 2024
                                                                 Leaseback
           IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Amendments                       Sale or Contribution of Assets           Effective date has
                                                                 between an Investor and its              been deferred
                                                                 Associate or Joint Venture               indefinitely


          IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments provide guidance to help entities apply materiality judgements
          to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments replace the requirement for entities to disclose their “significant”
          accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their “material” accounting policies. The amendments add
          guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures.

          IAS 8 Amendments clarify how companies should distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in
          accounting estimates. It introduces a new definition of “accounting estimates”. The amendments are designed
          to clarify distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and correction
          of errors.

          IAS 12 Amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition, give
          rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences. They will typically apply to transactions
          such as leases of lessees and decommissioning obligations and will require the recognition of additional deferred
          tax assets and liabilities. The amendments should be applied to transactions that occur on or after the beginning
          of the earliest comparative period presented.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      197
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principal accounting policies (continued)
             (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
                   year period and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group (continued)
                   IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts established principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
                   of insurance contracts. The amendments confirm the following: IFRS 17 requires that insurance contracts subject
                   to similar risks and managed together shall be included in one portfolio, and each portfolio is further divided into
                   groups of contracts mainly based on factors including profitability of each contract. Investment components are
                   no longer included in insurance revenue or insurance service expenses. Under IFRS 17, estimated future profits
                   for a group of insurance contracts are recognized as the contractual service margin within insurance contract
                   liabilities. IFRS 17 requires the discount rates used in the measurement of insurance contract liabilities shall be
                   consistent with observable current market prices.

                   IFRS 16 Amendments introduce a new accounting model for variable payments and will require seller-lessees
                   to reassess and potentially restate sale-and-leaseback transactions entered into since 2019. The amendments
                   confirm the following: On initial recognition, the seller-lessee includes variable lease payments when it measures
                   a lease liability arising from a sale-and-leaseback transaction. After initial recognition, the seller-lessee applies
                   the general requirements for subsequent accounting of the lease liability such that it recognises no gain or loss
                   relating to the right of use it retains.

                   IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Amendments clarify the accounting treatment for sales or contribution of assets between
                   an investor and its associates or joint ventures. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss
                   when the sale or contribution between an investor and its associate or joint venture constitutes a business. For
                   a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is
                   recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate
                   or joint venture.

                   The adoption of the above standards and amendments is expected not to have material impact on the consolidated
                   financial statements of the Group.

      4      Summary of significant accounting policies
             (a)   Consolidated financial statements
                   (i)    Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                          A business combination involving enterprises under common control is a business combination in which
                          all of the combining enterprises are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and
                          after the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets and liabilities assumed are
                          measured based on their carrying amounts in the financial statements of the acquiree at the combination
                          date. The difference between the carrying amount of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid
                          for the combination (or the total face value of shares issued) is adjusted against share premium in the
                          capital reserve with any excess adjusted against retained earnings. The issuance costs of equity or debt
                          securities as a part of the consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these
                          equity or debt securities upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed when
                          incurred. The combination date is the date on which one combining enterprise obtains control of other
                          combining enterprises.




198   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (a)   Consolidated financial statements (continued)
          (ii)     Business combinations not involving entities under common control
                   A business combination involving entities not under common control is a business combination in which
                   all of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties before the business
                   combination. Where (i) the aggregate of the acquisition date fair value of assets transferred (including
                   the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree), liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity
                   securities issued by the acquirer, in exchange for control of the acquiree, exceeds (ii) the acquirer’s interest
                   in the acquisition date fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognized as
                   goodwill (Note 4 (k)). If (i) is less than (ii), the difference is recognized in the consolidated statement
                   of profit or loss for the current period. The issuance costs of equity or debt securities as a part of the
                   consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these equity or debt securities
                   upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Any difference between
                   the fair value and the carrying amount of the assets transferred as consideration is recognized in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss. The acquiree’s identifiable asset, liabilities and contingent
                   liabilities, if the recognition criteria are met, are recognized by the Group at their acquisition date fair
                   value. The acquisition date is the date on which the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree.

                   For a business combination not involving enterprises under common control and achieved in stages, the
                   Group remeasures its previously-held equity interest in the acquiree to its fair value at the acquisition
                   date. The difference between the fair value and the carrying amount is recognized as investment income
                   for the current period; the amount recognized in other comprehensive income relating to the previously-
                   held equity interest in the acquire will be reclassified to profit or loss.

          (iii)    Consolidated financial statements
                   The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial statements
                   comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as structured entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                   controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                   entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
                   the Bank has power, only substantive rights (held by the Bank and other parties) are considered. The
                   financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
                   that control commences until the date that control ceases.

                   Non-controlling interest is presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position within
                   owners’ equity. Profit or loss and total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling equity holders
                   are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                   When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
                   exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
                   subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.

                   When the accounting period or accounting policies of a subsidiary are different from those of the Bank,
                   the Bank makes necessary adjustments to the financial statements of the subsidiary based on the Bank’s
                   own accounting period or accounting policies. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows, and
                   any recognized profits arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated
                   financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated only limited
                   to the extent that this is no evidence of impairment.




                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report      199
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (a)   Consolidated financial statements (continued)
                   (iii)   Consolidated financial statements (continued)
                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination involving
                           enterprises under common control, the financial statements of the subsidiary are included in the consolidated
                           financial statements as if the combination had occurred at the date the ultimate controlling party first
                           obtained control. Therefore, the opening balances and the comparative figures of the consolidated
                           financial statements are restated.

                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination not involving
                           enterprises under common control, the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired subsidiaries are
                           included in the scope of consolidation from the date that control commences, based on the fair value of
                           those identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.

                           The difference between the costs of long-term investments newly acquired by the Bank by acquiring
                           minority interests and the fair value of the Bank’s share of the net identifiable assets of its subsidiaries
                           calculated based on the increased shareholding, and the difference between the proceeds the Bank
                           obtained from partial disposal of its equity investments in its subsidiaries without ceasing control over
                           the subsidiaries and its share of the net assets of the subsidiaries that corresponds to the disposed long-
                           term equity investments, shall both be recognized as adjustments to reduce the capital reserve (share
                           premium) of the consolidated statement of financial position, and if the capital reserve (share premium)
                           is not sufficient to cover the reductions, the excess is charged to the retained earnings.

                           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary due to the disposal of a portion of an equity investment,
                           the Group derecognized assets, liabilities, non-controlling interests and other related items in equity
                           holders’ equity in relation to that subsidiary. The remaining equity investment is remeasured at its fair
                           value at the date when control is lost. Any gains or losses therefore incurred are recognized as investment
                           income for the current period when the control is lost.

                           If there is a difference between the accounting entity of the Group and the accounting entity of the Bank
                           or a subsidiary on measuring the same transaction, the transaction will be adjusted from the perspective
                           of the Group.

             (b)   Foreign currency translations
                   (i)     Translation of foreign currency transactions
                           When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to Renminbi
                           at the spot exchange rate at the date of the receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial
                           recognition, translated into Renminbi by applying the spot exchange rates at the dates of the transaction.
                           Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange rate
                           at the reporting date. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in the consolidated statement
                           of profit or loss. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
                           are translated to Renminbi using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items that
                           are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date
                           the fair value is determined. The differences arising from the translation of financial assets at fair value
                           through other comprehensive income is recognized in other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair
                           value of monetary assets denominated in foreign currency classified as financial assets at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income are analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the
                           amortised cost of the monetary assets and other changes in the carrying amount. Translation differences
                           related to changes in the amortised cost are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
                           and other changes in the carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income. The translation
                           differences resulting from other monetary assets and liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement
                           of profit or loss.




200   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (b)   Foreign currency translations (continued)
          (ii)    Translation of financial statements denominated in foreign currency
                  Financial statements denominated in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi for the preparation
                  of consolidated financial statements. The assets and liabilities in the financial statements denominated
                  in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi at the spot exchange rates prevailing at the reporting
                  date. The equity items, except for “retained earnings”, are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange
                  rates at the dates on which such items arose. Income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the
                  date of the transactions, or a rate that approximates the exchange rates of the date of the transaction.
                  The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                  Upon disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognized
                  in equity holders’ equity which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the
                  period in which the disposal occurs.

                  The effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents held or due in a foreign currency are
                  reported in the statement of cash flows.

    (c)   Financial instruments
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
          provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date,
          the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

          (i)     Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments
                  Financial assets
                  Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the financial asset
                  and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets:

                  •      Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”);

                  •      Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or

                  •      Amortised cost

                  The business model adopted by the Group for managing its financial assets refers to how the Group
                  manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether the
                  cash flows from the financial assets managed by the Group come from the collection of contractual cash
                  flows, sale of financial assets or a combination of the two methods. In determining the business model for
                  a group of financial assets, the Group considers various factors, including: past experience in collecting
                  cash flows from this group of assets; how to assess the performance of this group of asset and report
                  it to key management personnel; how to assess and manage risks are; and how to compensate people
                  responsible for managing these assets, among others.

                  The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets refer to contractual terms as agreed in the
                  financial instrument contracts that reflect the economic characteristics of the financial assets, i. e., the
                  contractual cash flows arising at a specified date from the financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCI are
                  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Of which, the principal
                  is the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition, and the amount of the principal may change
                  over the life of the financial asset, if, e. g., there are repayments of principal; and the interest includes
                  consideration for the time value of money, and credit risk, other basic lending risks and costs associated
                  with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      201
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
                   (i)    Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (continued)
                          Financial assets (continued)
                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                          their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                          The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described below:

                          Debt Instruments
                          Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s
                          perspective. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments depend on: i) the Group’s
                          business model for managing the asset; and ii) the cash flow characteristics of the asset.

                          Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three measurement
                          categories:

                          •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cashflows where those cash flows
                                 represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”), and that are not designated at FVPL,
                                 are measured at amortised cost.

                          •      Fair value through other comprehensive income: Financial assets that are held for collection
                                 of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
                                 payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at FVOCI.

                          •      Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI
                                 are measured at FVPL.

                          The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if doing
                          so significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on
                          different bases.

                          Equity instruments
                          An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
                          deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
                          i) and ii) below are met:

                          i)     The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
                                 asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
                                 under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and

                          ii)    If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is
                                 a non-derivative instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a
                                 variable number of its own equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the
                                 Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own
                                 equity instruments.

                          Equity investments of the Group are measured at FVPL, except where the Group’s management has
                          elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI. The Group’s
                          policy is to designate equity investments as FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other
                          than trading. After designation, the fair value change is recognized in the other comprehensive income
                          and it is not allowed to subsequently reclassify to profit or loss (including upon disposal). Impairment
                          loss and reversal of impairment is not presented separately in the financial statements and is included
                          in the fair value change. Dividend income as the return from investments is recognized by the Group
                          when the right to receive is formed.

202   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
          (i)     Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial liabilities
                  The Group’s financial liabilities are classified into financial liabilities at FVPL and other financial liabilities
                  carried at amortised cost on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL is applied to derivatives,
                  financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.

                  The Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at fair value
                  through profit or loss when doing so results in more relevant information, because either:

                  i)     it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                         otherwise arise; or

                  ii)    a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities is managed and its
                         performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management
                         or investment strategy, and information about the Group is provided internally on that basis to
                         the Group’s key management personnel.

          (ii)    Measurement of financial assets
                  Initial measurement
                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value. For
                  a financial asset or financial liability at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are directly
                  recognized in profit or loss. For other financial asset or liability, transaction costs are recognized in the
                  initial measurement.

                  Subsequent measurement
                  Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the categories:

                  Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                  The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition: i) minus
                  the principal; ii) plus or minus the cumulative recognized using the effective interest method of any
                  difference between that initial amount and maturity amount; iii) for financial assets, adjusted for any
                  loss allowance.

                  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts
                  through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset (i. e. its
                  amortised cost before any impairment allowance). The calculation does not consider expected credit losses
                  (‘ECL’) and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that
                  are integral to the effective interest rate. For purchased or originated credit-impaired (‘POCI’) financial
                  assets – assets that are credit-impaired at initial recognition – the Group calculates the credit-adjusted
                  effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the amortised cost of the financial asset instead of this
                  gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of ECL in estimated future cash flows.




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report       203
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
                   (ii)   Measurement of financial assets (continued)
                          Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (continued)
                          Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying amount of a financial
                          asset, except for:

                          i)     a POCI financial asset, whose interest income is calculated, since initial recognition, by applying
                                 the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to its amortised cost; and

                          ii)    a financial asset that is not a POCI financial asset but has subsequently become credit-impaired,
                                 whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to its amortised cost. If, in
                                 a subsequent period, the financial asset improves its quality so that it is no longer credit-impaired
                                 and the improvement in credit quality can be related objectively to a certain event occurring after
                                 the application of the above-mentioned rule, then the interest income can again be calculated
                                 by applying the effective interest rate to its gross carrying amount. Interest income from these
                                 financial assets is included in ‘interest income’ using the effective interest rate method.

                          For floating-rate financial assets and floating-rate financial liabilities, periodic re-estimation of cash flows
                          to reflect the movements in the market rates of interest alters the effective interest rate. If a floating-
                          rate financial asset or a floating rate financial liability is recognized initially at an amount equal to the
                          principal receivable or payable on maturity, re-estimating the future interest payments normally has no
                          significant effect on the carrying amount of the asset or the liability.

                          If the Group revises its estimates of payments or receipts, the difference between the gross carrying amount
                          of the financial asset or amortised cost of a financial liability calculated from revised estimated contractual
                          cash flows and the present value of the estimated future contractual cash flows that are discounted at the
                          financial instrument’s original effective interest rate should be recognized in profit or loss.

                          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                          Debt instruments
                          Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for the
                          recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses on the
                          instrument’s amortised cost which are recognized in profit or loss.

                          When the financial assets is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other
                          comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘Net investment
                          income’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in ‘Interest income’ using the effective
                          interest rate method.

                          Equity instruments
                          Where an investment in an equity investment not held for trading is designated as a financial asset
                          measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, the fair value changes of the financial
                          asset is derecognized in the other comprehensive income. When the financial asset is derecognized, the
                          cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from other
                          comprehensive income to retained earnings. The dividends on the investment are recognized in profit or
                          loss only when the Group’s right to receive payment of the dividends is established.




204   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
          (ii)     Measurement of financial assets (continued)
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value and a gain or loss on the financial
                   assets that is measured at fair value should be recognized in profit or loss.

                   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with all gains or losses
                   recognized in the profit or loss of the current period, except for financial liabilities designated as at fair
                   value through profit or loss, where gains or losses on the financial liabilities are treated as follows:

                   •      changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                          recognized in other comprehensive income; and

                   •      other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognized in profit or loss of the current
                          period.

          (iii)    Impairment of financial assets
                   The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument assets carried
                   at amortised cost and FVOCI and with exposure arising from loan commitments, financial guarantee
                   contracts and lease receivables.

                   ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.
                   Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
                   the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, i. e. all cash shortfalls, discounted
                   at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).

                   The Group measures ECL of a financial instrument in a way that reflects:

                   •      an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
                          outcomes;

                   •      the time value of money; and

                   •      reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                          reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                   Detailed information about ECL is set out in note 55 (a).

                   The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance
                   for debt instruments that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The loss
                   allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and the impairment loss is recognized in profit
                   or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position.

                   If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
                   ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the credit risk
                   on the financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, the
                   Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the current reporting date
                   and the amount of ECL reversal is recognized in profit or loss.




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report       205
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
                   (iii)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                           At the reporting date, the Group only recognized the cumulative changes in lifetime ECL since initial
                           recognition as a loss allowance for POCI financial assets. At each reporting date, the Group recognized
                           in profit or loss the amount of the changes in lifetime ECL as an impairment gain or loss.

                   (iv)    Modification of loans
                           The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans to customers.
                           When this happens, the Group assesses whether or not the new terms are substantially different to the
                           original terms. The Group does this by considering, among others, the following factors:

                           •      If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the contractual
                                  cash flows to amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay.

                           •      Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share/equity-based return that
                                  substantially affects the risk profile of the loan.

                           •      Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.

                           •      Significant change in the interest rate.

                           •      Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.

                           •      Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect the credit
                                  risk associated with the loan.

                           If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognizes the original financial asset and recognizes a
                           ‘new’ asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the asset. The date of renegotiation is
                           consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition for impairment calculation purposes, including
                           for the purpose of determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the
                           Group also assesses whether the new financial asset recognized is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial
                           recognition, especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable
                           to make the originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognized in profit
                           or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.

                           If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in derecognition,
                           and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash flows of the financial asset
                           and recognizes a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. The new gross carrying amount is recalculated
                           by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective
                           interest rate for POCI financial assets).

                   (v)     Derivatives and hedges
                           Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which the derivative contract is entered
                           into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is
                           positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.




206   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
          (v)     Derivatives and hedges (continued)
                  Certain derivatives are embedded in hybrid contracts, such as the conversion option in a convertible
                  bond. If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset, then the Group assesses the entire
                  contract as described in the financial assets section above for classification and measurement purposes.
                  Otherwise, the embedded derivatives are treated as separate derivatives when:

                  •      Their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract;

                  •      A separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a derivative; and

                  •      The hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.

                  These embedded derivatives are separately accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized
                  in the statement of profit or loss unless the Group chooses to designate the hybrid contracts at fair value
                  through profit or loss.

                  The method of recognizing the resulting fair value gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is
                  designated and qualifies as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The
                  Group designates certain derivatives as hedges of the fair value of recognized assets or liabilities or firm
                  commitments for fair value hedges.

                  The Group documents, at the inception of the hedge, the relationship between hedged items and
                  hedging instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
                  transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis,
                  of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes
                  in fair values of hedged items.

                  Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are recorded
                  in the statement of profit or loss, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability
                  that are attributable to the hedged risk.

                  If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount
                  of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortised to profit or loss over the
                  period to maturity and recorded as net interest income.

          (vi)    Derecognition of financial assets
                  Financial assets
                  The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when (1) the contractual rights to the cash flows from
                  the asset expire, or (2) when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards
                  of ownership of the asset to another entity, or (3) when it transfers the financial asset and gives up the
                  control of the transferred assets though the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks
                  and rewards of ownership.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     207
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
                   (vi)    Derecognition of financial assets (continued)
                           Financial assets (continued)
                           Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for de-recognition, the difference
                           between the two amounts below is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss:

                           –      the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                           –      the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the cumulative gain or loss that has
                                  been recognized directly in equity.

                           If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues
                           to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognize the asset to the extent of its continuing
                           involvement and recognized an associated liability.

                           Financial liabilities
                           Financial liabilities are derecognized when the related obligation is discharged, is cancelled or expires.
                           An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to exchange the original financial liability with
                           a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the terms of
                           an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and
                           recognition of a new financial liability.

                           The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the consideration
                           paid and payable is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

                   (vii)   Securitization
                           As part of its operations, the Group securitizes financial assets, generally through the sale of these assets
                           to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Upon sale of financial assets that qualify for
                           de-recognition, the relevant financial assets are de-recognized in their entirety and a new financial asset
                           or liability is recognized regarding the interest in the unconsolidated recognized vehicles that the Group
                           acquired. Upon sale of financial assets that do not qualify for de-recognition, the relevant financial assets
                           are not derecognized, and the consideration paid by third parties are recorded as a financial liability.
                           Upon sale of financial assets that are partially qualified for de-recognition, where the Group has not
                           retained control, it recognized these financial assets and recognized separately as assets or liabilities any
                           rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Otherwise the Group continues to recognize
                           these financial assets to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial assets.

                   (viii) Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                           De-recognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
                           substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
                           substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
                           not derecognize the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
                           asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group
                           will derecognize the financial asset.




208   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (continued)
          (ix)    Presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial
                  position and are not offset. However, financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount
                  is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position only if the Group has a legally enforceable
                  right to set off the recognized amounts and the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or
                  by recognizing the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

          (x)     Financial assets held under resale and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
                  Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions which the Group acquires financial assets
                  which will be resold at a predetermined price in the future date under resale agreements. Financial assets
                  sold under repurchase agreements are transactions which the Group sells financial assets which will be
                  repurchased at a predetermined price in the future date under repurchase agreements.

                  Cash advanced or received is recognized as amounts held under resale and repurchase agreements on
                  the consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in
                  memorandum accounts as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to
                  be recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                  The difference between the resale and repurchase consideration, and that between the purchase and sale
                  consideration, should be expired over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest
                  method and are included in interest expense and interest income, respectively.

          (xi)    Equity instruments
                  The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognized
                  in equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Bank for repurchasing self-issued equity
                  instruments are deducted from equity holders’ equity.

    (d)   Precious metals
          Precious metals comprise gold and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s
          precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently measured at the
          lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading purposes and precious
          metals leasing are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    (e)   Interests in subsidiaries
          In the Bank’s consolidated statement of financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the
          cost less impairment losses (see Note 4 (m)). Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. Dividends
          declared by subsidiaries are recognized in investment income.

          Determination of investment cost
          For long-term equity investments acquired through a business combination: involving enterprises under common
          control, the investment cost shall be the absorbing party’s share of the carrying amount of owners’ equity of
          the party being absorbed at the combination date; for long-term equity investment acquired through a business
          combination involving enterprises not under common control, the investment cost shall be the combination cost.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report      209
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (e)   Interests in subsidiaries (continued)
                   Determination of investment cost (continued)
                   For long-term equity investments acquired not through a business combination: for long-term equity investment
                   acquired by payment in cash, the initial investment cost shall be the purchase price actually paid; for long-term
                   equity investments acquired by issuing equity securities, the initial investment cost shall be the fair value of the
                   equity securities issued.

             (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures
                   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. A joint venture is an arrangement
                   whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangement, and have rights
                   to the net assets of the arrangement.

                   When acquiring associates and joint ventures, the Group recognizes as initial investment cost in the principle
                   which: for the investments obtained by making payment in cash, the Group recognizes the purchase cost which
                   is actually paid as initial investment costs; for the investments obtained by equity securities, the Group recognizes
                   the fair value of the equity securities issued as initial investment cost.

                   An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless the investment
                   is classified as held for sale.

                   The Group adopts the following accounting treatments when using the equity method:

                   –      Where the initial investment cost of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in the
                          fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment is initially
                          recognized at the initial investment cost. Where the initial investment cost is less than the Group’s
                          interest in the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment
                          is initially recognized at the investor’s share of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets, and
                          the difference is charged to profit or loss.

                   –      After the acquisition of the investment, the Group recognizes its share of the investee’s profit or loss
                          and other comprehensive income as investment income or losses and other comprehensive income
                          respectively, and adjusts the carrying amount of the investment accordingly. Once the investee declares
                          any cash dividends or profit distributions, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced by that
                          amount attributable to the Group. Changes in the Group’s share of the investee’s owners’ equity, other
                          than those arising from the investee’s profit or loss, other comprehensive income or profit distribution,
                          is recognized in the Group’s equity, and the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted accordingly.

                   –      The Group recognizes its share of investee’s profits or losses, other comprehensive income and other
                          changes in equity holders’ equity after making appropriate adjustments to align the accounting policies
                          or accounting periods with those of the Group based on the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net
                          assets at the date of acquisition. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the
                          Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interests in the
                          associates or joint ventures. When an entity in the Group transacts with the Group’s associate, profits
                          and losses resulting from the transaction are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements
                          only to the extent of the interest in the associate that are not related to the Group. Unrealised losses are
                          eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.




210   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)
          –        The Group discontinues recognition of its share of net losses of investees after the carrying amount of
                   investment in the associates and joint ventures and any long-term interest that in substance forms part
                   of the Group’s net interest in the associates and joint ventures are reduced to zero, except to the extent
                   that the Group has an obligation to assume additional losses. Additional loss is recognized only to the
                   extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that
                   associate. Where profits are subsequently made by the associates and joint ventures, the Group resumes
                   the recognition of its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses
                   not recognized.

          Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an investee
          but does not have control or joint control over those policies.

          The Group makes provisions for impairment of interests in associates and joint ventures in accordance with the
          principles described in Note 4 (m).

    (g)   Property, plant and equipment
          Property, plant and equipment is asset held by the Group for the conduct of business and is expected to be used
          for more than one year. Construction-in-progress, an item of property, represents property under construction
          and is transferred to property when ready for its intended use.

          (i)      Cost
                   Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost upon initial recognition. Costs of a purchased property,
                   plant and equipment comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable expenditures
                   for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of the self-constructed property,
                   plant and equipment comprise construction materials, direct labor costs and those expenditures necessarily
                   incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

                   Subsequent to initial recognition, property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated
                   depreciation and impairment losses.

                   Where an item of property, plant and equipment comprises major components having different useful
                   lives, they are accounted for as separate items of property, plant and equipment.

          (ii)     Subsequent costs
                   The Group recognized in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment the cost of
                   replacing part of such an item when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
                   embodied with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All
                   other costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense when incurred.

          (iii)    Depreciation
                   Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost, less residual value if applicable, of property, plant and
                   equipment and is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
                   part of an item of property, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report      211
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (g)   Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                   (iii)   Depreciation (continued)
                           The estimated useful lives are as follows:

                                                                         Estimated useful             Estimated
                                                                                    lives         residual value Depreciation rate
                            Buildings                                         30 – 35 years                   5%      2.71% – 3.17%
                            Computer equipment and others                      3 – 10 years                   5%     9.50% – 31.67%

                           No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.

                           The residual value and useful lives of assets are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, as of each reporting
                           date.

                   (iv)    Impairment
                           Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment are accounted for in accordance with the accounting
                           policies as set out in Note 4 (m).

                   (v)     Disposal and retirement
                           Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of property, plant and equipment are determined as
                           the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized
                           in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

             (h)   Lease
                   A lease is a contract under which the lessor conveys to the lessee the right to use an asset for a period of time
                   in exchange for consideration.

                   The Group as the lessee
                   The Group recognises the right-of-use assets on the commencement date of the lease term and recognises the
                   lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that have not been paid yet. Each lease payment is
                   allocated between the liability and interest expense. The interest expense is charged to profit or loss over the
                   lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each
                   period. The lease payments include fixed payments and payments to be made in the event that it is reasonably
                   determined that the purchase option will be exercised or the lease option is terminated. The lease payments are
                   discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
                   borrowing rate is used.

                   The Group’s right-of-use assets include leased buildings, land use right, equipment, vehicles and others. The right-
                   of-use assets are initially measured at cost, which includes the initial measurement of the lease liability, the lease
                   payments paid on or before the lease commencement date, and the initial direct costs, less any lease incentives
                   received. If the Group can reasonably expect to obtain the ownership of the leased asset at the expiration of the
                   lease term, it is depreciated over the remaining useful life of the leased asset on a straight-line basis; if it is not
                   possible to reasonably determine whether the ownership of the leased asset can be obtained at the expiration
                   of the lease term, it is depreciated over the shorter period of the lease term and the remaining useful life of the
                   leased assets on a straight-line basis. When the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount of an
                   right-of-use asset, the Group writes down the carrying amount to the recoverable amount.




212   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (h)   Lease (continued)
          The Group as the lessee (continued)
          For short-term leases with a lease term of no more than 12 months and leases of assets with low values when new,
          the Group chooses not to recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Instead, it recognises in each period
          the relevant rental payments in profit or loss or relevant asset costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

          Land use rights are amortised on a straight-line basis over the respective periods of grant. When the costs
          attributable to the land use rights cannot be reliably measured and separated from that of the building at inception,
          the costs are included in the cost of buildings and recorded in property, plant and equipment.

          Impairment loss on land use rights is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in
          Note 4 (m).

          The Group as the lessor
          A lease is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease. A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially
          all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a leased asset to the lessee, irrespective of whether the legal
          title to the asset is eventually transferred. An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

          (i)     Finance leases
                  Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the sum of the minimum
                  lease receipts and unguaranteed residual value, net of initial direct costs, all discounted at the implicit
                  lease rate (the “net lease investment”), is included in “loans and advances to customers” on consolidated
                  statement of financial position as a finance lease receivable. At the commencement of the lease term, the
                  Group recognises the aggregate of the minimum lease receipts determined at the inception of a lease and
                  the initial direct costs as finance lease receivable. The difference between the net lease investment and
                  the aggregate of their present value is recognised as unearned finance income which is included in “loans
                  and advances to customers” as well. Unrecognised finance income under finance leases is amortised using
                  the effective interest rate method over the lease term. Hire purchase contracts having the characteristics
                  of finance leases are accounted for in the same manner as finance leases.

                  Impairment losses are accounted in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 4 (c)(iii).

          (ii)    Operating leases
                  Where the Group leases out assets under operating leases, the assets are included in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position according to their nature and, where applicable, are depreciated in
                  accordance with the Group’s depreciation policies, as set out in Note 4 (g) except where the asset is
                  classified as an investment property. Impairment losses are accounted in accordance with the accounting
                  policies as set out in Note 4 (m). Revenue arising from operating leases is recognised in accordance with
                  the Group’s revenue recognition policies, as set out in Note 4 (t)(iv).

          (i)     Intangible assets
                  Intangible assets are initially recognized at cost. The cost less estimated net residual values (if any) of the
                  intangible assets is amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives, and charged to profit or loss.
                  Impaired intangible assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

                  Impairment loss on intangible assets is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set
                  out in Note 4 (m). Impaired intangible assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

                  Intangible assets which are not yet available for use should be estimated at least at each financial year-
                  end, even if there was no indication that the assets were impaired.




                                                                                                                  2022 Annual Report       213
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (j)   Investment properties
                   Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned and/or held under a leasehold interest to earn
                   rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

                   The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using the fair value model for subsequent measurement
                   when either of the following conditions is met:

                   –      There is an active property market in the location in which the investment property is situated;

                   –      The Group can obtain the market price and other relevant information regarding the same type of or
                          similar properties from the property market, so as to reasonably estimate the fair value of the investment
                          property.

                   Investment properties are stated at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position. Any gain or loss
                   arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognized
                   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                   When there is a change in use of properties from owner-occupation to earn rentals or for capital appreciation,
                   the investment property transferring from property, plant and equipment or intangible assets is measured at fair
                   value on the date of transfer. On the transferred date of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, if
                   the fair value of investment property is lower than the carrying amount of property, the difference is recognized
                   in profit or loss, otherwise in the comprehensive income.

                   When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognized the amount of
                   any proceeds on disposal, net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the consolidated statement of
                   profit and loss.

             (k)   Goodwill
                   Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of a business combination over the Group’s interest in the fair value
                   of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Goodwill is not amortised. Goodwill arising from a business combination
                   is allocated to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or a group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the
                   synergies of the combination. The Group performs impairment test on goodwill annually.

                   Any excess of the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets over the cost of
                   a business combination is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                   On disposal of the related CGU or a group of CGUs, any attributable amount of the purchased goodwill net
                   of allowance for impairment losses, if any, is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

                   Impairment loss on goodwill is accounted in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 4 (m).




214   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (l)   Repossessed assets
          In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral
          through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Where it is intended to achieve
          an orderly realization of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrower,
          repossessed assets are reported in “other assets”.

          When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans and advances and interest receivables, the
          repossessed assets are initially recognized at fair value and any taxes that are directly attributable to the assets,
          and other expenses incurred for collecting the repossessed assets.

          When the fair value less costs to sell is lower than a repossessed asset’s carrying amount, an impairment loss
          is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Repossessed assets are recognized at the carrying
          value, net of allowance for impairment losses.

          The repossessed assets are disposed after acquisition and cannot be used without authorisation. The repossessed
          assets that are transferred to own use are treated as newly purchased property, plant and equipment.

          Any gain or loss arising from the disposal of the repossessed assets is included in the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss in the period in which the item is disposed.

    (m) Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets
          (i)     Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that a non-
                  financial asset other than goodwill such as investments in associates and joint ventures, property, plant and
                  equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and other assets may be impaired. If any indication
                  exists that an asset may be impaired, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset.

                  The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and the present value
                  of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. The Group considers all relevant factors
                  in estimating the present value of future cash flows, such as the expected future cash flows, the useful
                  life and the discount rate.

                  If the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is
                  reduced to its recoverable amount. That reduction is recognized as an impairment loss in the consolidated
                  statement of profit or loss.

          (ii)    Impairment of goodwill
                  For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the
                  CGU or the group of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                  A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that is largely independent
                  of the cash flows from other assets or groups of assets.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      215
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (m) Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
                   (ii)   Impairment of goodwill (continued)
                          The CGU or the group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment by the
                          Group annually, or whenever there is an indication that the CGU or the group of CGUs are impaired,
                          by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs, including the goodwill, with the
                          recoverable amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs. The recoverable amount of the CGU or the
                          group of CGUs are the estimated future cash flows, which are discounted to their present value using a
                          discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
                          to the CGU or the group of CGUs with allocated goodwill.

                          At the time of impairment testing of a CGU or a group of the CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated,
                          there may be an indication of an impairment of an asset within the CGU containing the goodwill. In
                          such circumstances, the Group tests the asset for impairment first, and recognized any impairment loss
                          for that asset before testing for impairment on the CGU or group of the CGUs containing the goodwill.
                          Similarly, there may be an indication of an impairment of a CGU within a group of the CGUs containing
                          the goodwill. In such circumstances, the Group tests the CGU for impairment first, and recognized any
                          impairment loss for that CGU, before testing for impairment the group of CGUs to which the goodwill
                          is allocated.

                          For a CGU or a group of CGUs, the amount of impairment loss firstly reduces the carrying amount
                          of any goodwill allocated to the CGU or the group of CGUs, and then reduces the carrying amount
                          of other assets (other than goodwill) within the CGU or the group of CGUs, pro rata on the basis of
                          the carrying amount of each asset. The carrying amount of an asset should not be reduced below the
                          highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable); its value in use (if determinable) and zero.

                          An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

             (n)   Fair value measurement
                   Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
                   in the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.
                   e. an exit price) regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
                   technique (Note 57).

             (o)   Employee benefits
                   (i)    Employee salaries
                          During the accounting period when an employee has rendered service to the Group, the Group recognizes
                          the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits as a liability and as an expense, unless another
                          IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefits in the cost of an asset. Short-term employee benefits
                          include wages, bonuses, labor union expenses and employee education expenses, social insurance such as
                          medical insurance, work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance, as well as housing provident
                          funds, which are all calculated based on the regulated benchmark and ratio.




216   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (o)   Employee benefits (continued)
          (ii)     Post-employment benefits: Defined contribution plans
                   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in a defined contribution
                   basic pension insurance in the social insurance system established and managed by government organisations.
                   The Group makes contributions to basic pension insurance plans based on the applicable benchmarks
                   and rates stipulated by the government. Basic pension contributions are charged to profit or loss when
                   the related services are rendered by the employees.

                   In addition to the statutory provision plan, the Bank’s employees have joined its annuity scheme (the
                   “scheme”) which was established by the CITIC Group Corporation (“CITIC Group”) in accordance with
                   policies regarding the state-owned enterprise annuity policy. The Bank has made annuity contributions
                   in proportion to its employees’ gross salaries which are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit
                   or loss when the contributions are made.

                   The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme
                   for Hong Kong staff. Contributions are charged to profit or loss as and when the contribution fall due.

          (iii)    Post-employment benefits: Defined benefit plans
                   The defined benefit plans of the Group are supplementary retirement benefits provided to the domestic
                   employees.

                   The Group adopts the projected unit credit actuarial cost method, using unbiased and mutually compatible
                   actuarial assumptions to estimate the demographic and financial variables, to measure the obligation
                   associated in the defined benefits plan. The discounted present value of the defined benefit obligation is
                   recognized as the liabilities of the defined benefit plans.

                   The Group recognizes the obligation of defined benefit plans in the accounting period in which the
                   employees render the related services. Past-service costs are recognized immediately in the consolidated
                   statement of profit or loss. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net
                   balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in
                   employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Re-measurement arising from
                   experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other
                   comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

    (p)   Government grants
          Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the Group
          at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the Group. Special
          funds such as investment grants allocated by the government, if clearly defined in official documents as part of
          “capital reserve” are dealt with as capital contributions, and not regarded as government grants.

          Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and that
          the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants. Government grants are measured at the
          amount received or will be received when recognized as monetary assets. Government grants are measured at
          fair value when recognized as non-monetary assets.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     217
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (p)   Government grants (continued)
                   The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying for them
                   should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income are government
                   grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is recognized initially as deferred
                   income and amortised to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. A grant that
                   compensates the Group for expenses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognized initially as deferred
                   income and recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses
                   are recognized. A grant that compensates the Group for expenses incurred is recognized in the consolidated
                   statement of profit or loss immediately. The Group uses the same statement method for similar government grants.

                   For the policy loans with favourable interest rates, the Group records the loans at the actual amounts and
                   calculates the interests by loan principals and the favourable interest rates. The interest subsidies directly received
                   from government are recorded as a reduction of interest expenses.

             (q)   Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments
                   A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse
                   the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due, in accordance with
                   the terms of a debt instrument.

                   Financial guarantees are initially recognized at fair value on the date the guarantee was given. Subsequent
                   to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are measured at the higher of the initial
                   amount, less amortisation of guarantee fees, and the best estimate of the expected credit loss provision required
                   to settle the guarantee. Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is taken to the consolidated statement
                   of profit and loss.

                   The impairment allowance of loan commitments provided by the Group is measured by ECL. The Group has
                   not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-market interest rate, or that can be settled net in
                   cash or by delivering or issuing another financial instrument.

                   For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the loss allowance is recognized as a provision. However,
                   for contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and the Group cannot separately identify
                   the ECL on the undrawn commitment component from those on the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn
                   commitment are recognized together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECL
                   exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, the ECL are recognized as a provision.

             (r)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                   A provision is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group has a present legal
                   or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
                   will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. A provision is initially measured
                   at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors pertaining to a
                   contingency such as the risks, uncertainties and time value of money are taken into account as a whole in reaching
                   the best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the best estimate is determined by
                   discounting the related future cash outflows. The Group recognizes the loss allowance of financial guarantee
                   contracts measured by ECL as a provision.




218   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (r)   Provisions and contingent liabilities (continued)
          A contingent liability is (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence can only be
          confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the
          control of the Group; or (b) a present obligation that arises from past events and it is not probable that an
          outflow of economic benefits is required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot be
          measured reliably. Such liability is disclosed as contingent liabilities under Note 51.

    (s)   Fiduciary activities
          The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity as a custodian, trustee, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the
          Group and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated
          financial statements as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers.

          Entrusted lending is the business where the Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby
          the customers provide funding (the “entrusted funds”) to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties
          (the “entrusted loans”) at the instruction of the customers. As the Group does not assume the risks and rewards
          of the entrusted loans and the corresponding entrusted funds, entrusted loans and funds are recorded as off-
          balance sheet items at their principal amounts and no impairment assessments are made for these entrusted loans.

    (t)   Income recognition
          Revenue is the gross inflow of economic benefit arising in the course of the Group’s ordinary activities when
          those inflows result in increases in equity, other than increases relating to contributions from owners. Revenue
          is recognized when the controls of related products or services is obtained and satisfy the other conditions for
          different type of revenues as below.

          (i)      Interest income
                   Interest income of financial assets is calculated using the effective interest method and included in the
                   profit and loss.

                   The accounting policies about interest income of financial assets measured at amortised cost refer to
                   note 4 (c)(ii).

          (ii)     Fee and commission income
                   Fee and commission income is recognized when the Group fulfills its performance obligation, either over
                   time or at a point in time when a customer obtains control of the service. Origination or commitment
                   fees received by the Group which result in the creation or acquisition of a financial asset are deferred and
                   recognized as an adjustment to the effective interest rate. If the commitment expires without the Group
                   making a loan or anticipating will not, the fee is recognized as revenue on expiry.

          (iii)    Dividend income
                   Dividend income is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date when the
                   Group’s right to receive payment is established.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     219
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
             (t)   Income recognition (continued)
                   (iv)   Rental income from operating lease
                          Rental income received under operating leases is recognized as other operating income in equal instalments
                          over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of
                          the pattern of benefits to be derived from the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognized in the
                          consolidated statement of profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.

                   (v)    Finance income from finance lease and hire purchase contract
                          Finance income implicit in finance lease and hire purchase payments is recognized as interest income
                          over the period of the leases so as to produce an approximately constant periodic rate of return on the
                          outstanding net investment in the leases for each accounting period.

             (u)   Income tax
                   Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss except to the extent
                   that they relate to a business combination or items recognized directly in equity (including other comprehensive
                   income).

                   Current income tax is the expected tax payables on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
                   substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payables in respect of previous periods.
                   Deferred tax is provided for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
                   financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Temporary differences also arise from
                   unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial
                   recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
                   asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                   neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable
                   that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be recognized.

                   Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in
                   subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
                   reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference
                   will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets are recognized on deductible temporary
                   differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures arrangements only to the
                   extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit
                   available against which the temporary difference can be recognized.

                   At the reporting date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected
                   to apply to the period when the asset is recognized or the liability is settled according to the requirements of
                   tax laws. The Group also considers the probability of realization and the settlement of deferred tax assets and
                   deferred tax liabilities in the calculation.

                   Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities if
                   the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and meet the
                   additional conditions that deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same authority
                   on the same taxable entity.




220   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
    (v)    Cash equivalents
           Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of
           cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original maturity of three months
           or less at acquisition.

    (w) Profit distribution
           Proposed dividends for ordinary shares which are declared and approved after the end of each reporting period
           are not recognized as a liability in the consolidated statement of financial position and are instead disclosed as
           a subsequent event after the end of each reporting period in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
           Dividends payable are recognized as liabilities in the period in which they are approved.

           As authorized by the shareholders’ annual general meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion to
           declare and distribute dividends on preference shares. Preference shares dividend distribution is recognized as a
           liability in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved.

    (x)    Related parties
           If the Group has the power, directly or indirectly, to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence
           over another party, or vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control,
           jointly control from another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals
           or enterprises.

    (y)    Operating segments
           An operating segment is a component of the Group that satisfies all of the following conditions: (1) the component
           is able to earn revenues and incur expenses from its ordinary activities; (2) whose operating results are regularly
           reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to
           assess its performance, and (3) for which the information on financial position, operating results and cash flows
           is available to the Group. If two or more operating segments have similar economic characteristics and satisfy
           certain conditions, they are aggregated into one single operating segment.

           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group’s
           chief operating decision-maker for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Group
           considers the business from different perspectives including products and services and geographic areas. The
           operating segments that meet the specified criteria have been aggregated, and the operating segments that meet
           quantitative thresholds have been reported separately.

           Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment
           reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.

5   Critical accounting estimates and judgements
    Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions
    that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The
    estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be
    reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgments about carrying values
    of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    The estimates and associated key assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
    recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      221
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      5      Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
             (i)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
                    The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets of debt instruments and off balance
                    sheet credit assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI is an area that requires the use of complex models
                    and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit recognition (e. g. the likelihood of
                    customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
                    used in measuring ECL is further detailed in note 55 (a).

                    A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring
                    ECL, such as:

                    •      Segmentation of portfolio sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of measuring ECL;

                    •      Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;

                    •      Criteria for determining whether or not there was a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or
                           impairment loss was incurred;

                    •      Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic scenarios and
                           weightings;

                    •      Management overlay for asset portfolios whose non-linear risk characteristics cannot be adequately reflected
                           through impairment models; and

                    •      Discounted cash flows model is applicable to assets related to corporate client in stage 3.

                    Detailed information about the judgements and estimates made by the Group in the above areas is set out in
                    note 55 (a).

             (ii)   Classification of financial assets
                    The critical judgments the Group has in determining the classification of financial assets include analysis of
                    business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows.

                    The Group determines the business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio.
                    The factors considered include evaluation and reporting of financial asset performance to key management
                    personnel, risks affecting the performance of financial assets and their management methods, and related business
                    management personnel. The way to get paid, etc.

                    When assessing whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic lending
                    arrangement, the Group has the following main judgments: whether the principal may be subject to change in
                    the duration or amount of money due to prepayments during the duration; whether interests is only included
                    currency time value, credit risk, other basic borrowing risks, and considerations for costs and profits; whether
                    the amount paid in advance reflect only the outstanding principal and interest on the outstanding principal, as
                    well as reasonable compensation for early termination of the contract.




222   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
    (iii) Fair value of financial instruments
          For financial instruments without active market, the Group determines fair values using valuation techniques
          which include discounted cash flow models, as well as other types of valuation models. Assumptions and inputs
          used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and foreign currency
          exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow techniques are used, estimated cash flows are based on management’s
          best estimates and the discount rate used is a market rate at the end of each reporting period applicable for
          an instrument with similar terms and conditions. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on
          observable market data at the end of each reporting period. However, where market data are not available,
          management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs based on assumptions. Changes in
          assumptions about these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.

    (iv) De-recognition of financial assets
          In its normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of transactions
          including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
          etc., the Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which
          qualify for a full or partial de-recognition.

          Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transferred financial asset to structured entities,
          the Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities
          indicates that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these
          structured entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at
          the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the financial assets was transferred.

          The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
          the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:

          –      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the
                 transfer qualified for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;

          –      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred by
                 using appropriate models. Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s assessment with regard to the
                 parameters and assumptions applied in the models, estimated cash flows before and after the transfers,
                 the discount rates used based on current market interest rates, variability factors considered and the
                 allocation of weightings in different scenarios;

          –      where the Group neither retains nor transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with
                 their ownership, the Group analyses whether the Group has relinquished its controls over these financial
                 assets, and if the Group has continuing involvement in these transferred financial assets.

    (v)   Consolidation of structured entities
          The Group makes significant judgment to assess whether or not to consolidate structured entities. When
          performing this assessment, the Group:

          –      assesses its contractual rights and obligations in light of the transaction structures, and evaluates the
                 Group’s power over the structured entities;

          –      performs independent analyses and tests on the variable returns from the structured entities, including
                 but not limited to commission income and asset management fees earned, retention of residual income,
                 and, if any, liquidity and other support provided to the structured entities; and




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     223
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      5      Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
             (v)     Consolidation of structured entities (continued)
                     –        assesses its ability to exercise its power to influence the variable returns assessed whether the Group
                              acts as a principal or an agent through analysis of the scope of the Group’s decision-making authority,
                              remuneration entitled, other interests the Group holds, and the rights held by other parties.

             (vi) Income taxes
                     Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. There
                     are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary
                     course of business. The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up
                     accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes
                     in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
                     assets can only be recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
                     which the unused tax credits can be recognized, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability
                     of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are
                     recognized if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

      6      Net interest income
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                               2022                    2021
               Interest income arising from (Note (i)):
               Deposits with central banks                                                                                    6,100                    6,073
               Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                        1,569                    2,040
               Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                 institutions                                                                                                 6,378                    4,475
               Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                                  1,092                    1,267
               Loans and advances to customers
                 — corporate loans                                                                                        119,218                   115,866
                 — personal loans                                                                                         120,438                   116,770
               Financial investments
                 — at amortised cost                                                                                        40,207                   39,483
                 — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                         18,580                   20,188
               Others                                                                                                           27                        3
               Subtotal                                                                                                   313,609                   306,165
               Interest expense arising from:
               Borrowings from central banks                                                                               (4,974)                    (6,804)
               Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                    (23,818)                   (27,755)
               Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                   (1,686)                    (2,276)
               Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                           (1,935)                    (1,631)
               Deposits from customers                                                                                   (102,997)                   (92,388)
               Debt securities issued                                                                                     (27,082)                   (26,962)
               Lease liabilities                                                                                             (442)                      (448)
               Others                                                                                                         (28)                        (5)
               Subtotal                                                                                                  (162,962)                  (158,269)
               Net interest income                                                                                        150,647                   147,896

             Note:


             (i)     Interest income from impaired financial assets is RMB462 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB507 million).




224   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



7   Net fee and commission income
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2022                           2021
      Fee and commission income:
      Bank card fees                                                                                                          16,480                         16,474
      Commission for custodian business and other fiduciary                                                                   11,269                         10,226
      Agency fees and commission (Note (i))                                                                                    5,692                          6,497
      Guarantee and advisory fees                                                                                              5,357                          5,384
      Settlement and clearance fees                                                                                            2,143                          1,926
      Others                                                                                                                     110                             97
      Total                                                                                                                   41,051                         40,604
      Fee and commission expense                                                                                              (3,959)                        (4,734)
      Net fee and commission income                                                                                           37,092                         35,870

    Note:


    (i)       Agency fees and commission represent fees earned for sale of bonds, investment funds and insurance products, and provision of entrusted lending activities.


8   Net trading gain
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2022                           2021
      Debt securities and certificates of interbank deposit                                                                    2,022                          2,909
      Foreign currencies                                                                                                      (1,909)                         1,095
      Derivatives and related exposures                                                                                        4,768                          1,164
      Total                                                                                                                    4,881                          5,168


9   Net gain from investment securities
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2022                           2021
      Financial investments
        — at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                12,728                         12,933
        — at amortised cost                                                                                                      360                             63
        — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                      (278)                          (110)
        — Investments in financial assets designated at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                                                                                            41                              33
      Revaluation gain on transfer out of equity at disposal                                                                   2,846                             979
      Net gain from bills rediscounting                                                                                        1,197                             693
      Proceeds from the resale of forfaiting                                                                                     836                             294
      Others                                                                                                                      41                             (11)
      Total                                                                                                                   17,771                         14,874




                                                                                                                                              2022 Annual Report            225
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      10 Net hedging loss
             For the year ended 31 December 2022, net loss of fair value hedge is RMB174,483 (2021: Nil).

      11 Operating expenses
                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                  2022                         2021
               Staff costs
                 — salaries and bonuses                                                                                        28,102                       25,299
                 — welfare expenses                                                                                             1,352                        1,373
                 — social insurance                                                                                             2,027                        1,813
                 — housing fund                                                                                                 1,758                        1,570
                 — labor union expenses and employee education expenses                                                           888                          808
                 — post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans                                                        3,579                        3,171
                 — post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans                                                                 1                            1
                 — other benefits                                                                                                 375                          368
               Subtotal                                                                                                        38,082                       34,403
               Property and equipment related expenses
                 — depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                           3,289                        3,248
                 — depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                 2,558                        2,302
                 — rent and property management expenses                                                                           991                        1,069
                 — maintenance                                                                                                   1,072                        1,182
                 — amortisation expenses                                                                                         1,552                        1,155
                 — electronic equipment operating expenses                                                                         422                          441
                 — others                                                                                                          444                          446
               Subtotal                                                                                                        10,328                         9,843
               Tax and surcharges                                                                                               2,122                        2,203
               Other general operating and administrative expenses (Note (i))                                                  16,306                       15,775
               Total                                                                                                           66,838                       62,224

             Note:


             (i)       Included in other general operating and administrative expenses were audit fees of RMB19 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB18
                       million) and non-audit fees of RMB7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB3 million).




226   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



11 Operating expenses (continued)
    (a)      Individuals with highest emoluments
             For the year ended 31 December 2022, of the 5 individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, there
             was no director (2021: Nil) and no supervisor (2021: Nil). The aggregate of the emoluments before individual
             income tax in respect of the five (2021: five) highest paid individuals of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2022                  2021
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
              Basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and
                benefits in kind                                                             20,683                 18,734
              Discretionary bonuses                                                          19,058                 21,026
              Contribution to pension scheme                                                    979                    799
              Total                                                                          40,720                 40,559

             The emoluments before individual income tax of the five individuals of the Group with the highest emoluments
             are within the following bands:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2022                  2021
              RMB5,000,001 – RMB10,000,000                                                          4                     4
              RMB10,000,001 – RMB15,000,000                                                         1                     1

             No inducement fee and compensation for loss of office was paid to the five highest paid individuals for the year
             ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

12 Credit impairment losses
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2022                  2021
     Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                     (48)                   16
     Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
       institutions                                                                              50                     (7)
     Financial assets held under resale agreements                                              (47)                    (9)
     Interest receivables                                                                     5,378                  3,616
     Loans and advances to customers                                                         55,786                 50,228
     Financial investments
       — at amortised cost                                                                     1,542                18,917
       — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                        269                  (165)
     Other receivables                                                                          (158)                 (314)
     Off-balance sheet items                                                                   8,587                 4,723
     Total                                                                                   71,359                 77,005




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     227
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      13 Impairment losses on other assets
                                                                                                                   31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                            2022                        2021
              Other assets-repossessed assets                                                                                        45                           43


      14 Income tax
             (a)   Recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  Notes                          2022                          2021
                     Current tax
                       — Mainland China                                                                                       16,032                        14,785
                       — Hong Kong                                                                                                57                           314
                       — Overseas                                                                                                 32                            43
                     Deferred tax                                                                    30                       (5,655)                       (6,002)
                     Total                                                                                                    10,466                          9,140

                   Mainland China and Hong Kong income tax have been provided at the rate of 25% and 16.5% respectively.
                   Overseas tax has been provided at the rate of taxation prevailing in the regions in which the Group operates.

             (b)   Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit
                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2022                          2021
                     Profit before tax                                                                                        73,416                        65,517
                     Income tax calculated at PRC statutory tax rate                                                          18,354                        16,379
                     Effect of different tax rates in other regions                                                             (213)                         (272)
                     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note (i))                                                          3,456                         2,481
                     Tax effect of non-taxable income
                       — interest income arising from PRC government bonds and
                             local government bonds                                                                            (7,121)                       (6,658)
                       — dividend income from investment funds                                                                 (2,680)                       (2,218)
                       — others                                                                                                (1,330)                         (572)
                     Income tax                                                                                               10,466                          9,140

                   Note:


                   (i)       It mainly includes the non-deductible expenses that the Bank assesses and confirms on an item by item basis, and the tax impact of business
                             entertainment expenses and labor insurance expenses that exceed the tax deductible limits.




228   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



15 Other comprehensive income, net of tax
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                          2022                          2021
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      Changes in defined benefit plan liabilities
         — net changes during the year before tax                                                                              –                            (1)
      Fair value changes on financial asset designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income, net of tax
         — net changes in fair value recognized during the year before tax                                                  345                             7
         — income tax                                                                                                      (108)                           23
      Subtotal                                                                                                              237                            29
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or loss under
         equity method
         — net changes during the year                                                                                      (28)                          (12)
      Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax (Note (i))
         — net changes during the year before tax                                                                       (7,530)                        4,375
         — net amount transferred to profit or loss                                                                     (2,862)                         (966)
         — income tax                                                                                                    2,201                        (1,015)
      Credit impairment allowance on financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income (Note (ii))
         — net changes during the year                                                                                      167                           (53)
         — income tax                                                                                                       (22)                           85
      Others
         — net changes during the year                                                                                       4                           133
      Exchange differences on translation of financial statements                                                        4,132                        (1,081)
      Subtotal                                                                                                          (3,938)                        1,466
      Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                            (3,701)                        1,495

    Note:


    (i)     Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include those of financial assets (Note 23 (a)) and loans and
            advances to customers (Note 22 (a)) at fair value through other comprehensive income.


    (ii)    Credit impairment allowance include financial assets (Note 23 (a)) and loans and advances to customers (Note 22 (b)) at fair value through other
            comprehensive income.


16 Earnings per share
    Earnings per share information for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 is computed by dividing the profit
    for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank by the weighted average number of shares in issue during
    the year.




                                                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report           229
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      16 Earnings per share (continued)
             The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2016, under the terms and conditions as detailed in Note 43 (i).
             The Bank declared and paid cash dividends of RMB1,428 million of non-cumulative preference shares for the year of
             2022 (2021: 1,330 million).

             The Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds (the “Bonds”) in 2019, with terms and conditions
             disclosed in detail in Note 43 (ii) under perpetual bonds. The Bank declared and paid RMB3,360 million in interests
             on the perpetual bonds in 2022.

             The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to fall within contingently issuable ordinary shares. The
             triggering events of conversion did not occur as at 31 December 2022, therefore the conversion feature of preference
             shares has no effect on the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation.

             The diluted earnings per share is calculated on the assumption that the RMB40 billion A-share convertible corporate
             bonds publicly issued by the Bank on 4 March 2019 are deemed to have all been converted to ordinary shares upon
             issuance, and by dividing, after adjustments for the interest expenses of the convertible corporate bonds for the period,
             the net profit of the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank, by the adjusted weighted average number
             of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2022                   2021
              Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Bank                          62,103                 55,641
              Less: Equity attributable to holders of other equity instruments of the
                      Bank                                                                             4,788                  3,010
              Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                   57,315                 52,631
              Weighted average number of shares (in million shares)                                   48,935                 48,935
              Basic earnings per share (in RMB)                                                         1.17                   1.08
              Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                                       1.06                   0.98


      17 Cash and balances with central banks
                                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                               Notes                  2022                   2021
              Cash                                                                                     5,532                  5,694
              Balances with central banks
                — statutory deposit reserve funds                                (i)                 365,362               361,237
                — surplus deposit reserve funds                                 (ii)                 104,315                65,571
                — fiscal deposits                                               (iii)                    298                 2,711
                — foreign exchange reserve                                      (iv)                   1,693                     –
              Accrued interest                                                                           181                    170
              Total                                                                                  477,381               435,383




230   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



17 Cash and balances with central banks (continued)
    Notes:


    (i)      The Group places statutory deposit reserve funds with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and overseas central banks where it has operations. The
             statutory deposit reserve funds are not available for use in the Group’s daily business.


             As at 31 December 2022, the statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the PBOC was calculated at 7.5% (as at 31 December 2021: 8%) of eligible
             Renminbi deposits for domestic branches of the Bank and at 6% (as at 31 December 2021: 8%) of eligible Renminbi deposits from overseas financial
             institutions. The Bank was also required to deposit an amount equivalent to 6% (as at 31 December 2021: 9%) of its foreign currency deposits from
             domestic branch customers as statutory deposit reserve funds.


             As at 31 December 2022, the statutory deposit reserve rates applicable to Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Corporation Limited in mainland China,
             a subsidiary of the Group, was at 5% (as at 31 December 2021: 5%).


             The amounts of statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the central banks of overseas countries and regions are determined by the respective jurisdictions.
             The statutory deposit reserve funds are interest bearing except for the foreign currency reserve funds deposits placed with the PBOC.


    (ii)     The surplus deposit reserve funds are maintained with the PBOC for the purposes of clearing.


    (iii)    Fiscal deposits placed with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s daily operations, and are non-interest bearing.


    (iv)     The foreign exchange reserve is maintained with the PBOC in accordance with the related notice issued by the PBOC. The reserve is provided as of 20%
             of customer-driven foreign exchange forward transactions volume on a monthly basis. Such foreign exchange reserve is non-interest bearing and will be
             repayable in 12 months according to the Notice.


18 Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions
    (a)      Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                                     31 December                     31 December
                                                                                                Note                        2022                            2021
               In Mainland China
                 — banks                                                                                                       49,930                         72,083
                 — non-bank financial institutions                                                                              6,734                          4,700
               Subtotal                                                                                                        56,664                         76,783
               Outside Mainland China
                — banks                                                                                                        18,836                         22,878
                — non-bank financial institutions                                                                               2,995                          7,472
               Subtotal                                                                                                        21,831                         30,350
               Accrued interest                                                                                                     437                            868
               Gross balance                                                                                                   78,932                       108,001
               Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                             32                              (98)                         (145)
               Net balance                                                                                                     78,834                       107,856




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report             231
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      18 Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions (continued)
             (b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                                  31 December                   31 December
                                                                                               Note                      2022                          2021
                     Demand deposits (Note (i))                                                                            36,373                       54,376
                     Time deposits with remaining maturity
                       — within one month                                                                                   4,883                       17,929
                       — between one month and one year                                                                    37,239                       34,828
                     Subtotal                                                                                              78,495                      107,133
                     Accrued interest                                                                                          437                          868
                     Gross balance                                                                                         78,932                      108,001
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                     32                            (98)                        (145)
                     Net balance                                                                                           78,834                      107,856

                   Note:


                   (i)     As at 31 December 2022, within the demand deposits there were pledged deposits of RMB555 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB536
                           million). These deposits were mainly maintenance margins with a regulatory body.


      19 Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions
             (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                                  31 December                   31 December
                                                                                               Note                      2022                          2021
                     In Mainland China
                       — banks (Note (i))                                                                                 15,215                        18,093
                       — non-bank financial institutions                                                                 160,739                        93,170
                     Subtotal                                                                                            175,954                       111,263
                     Outside Mainland China
                      — banks                                                                                              41,302                       31,975
                     Subtotal                                                                                              41,302                       31,975
                     Accrued interest                                                                                        1,048                          769
                     Gross balance                                                                                       218,304                       144,007
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                     32                          (140)                          (89)
                     Net balance                                                                                         218,164                       143,918

                   Note:


                   (i)     The leased gold between Banks is included in the Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, measured at fair
                           value through profit or loss. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of leased gold was RMB8,739 million (as at 31 December 2021:
                           RMB4,596 million).




232   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



19 Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions (continued)
    (b)      Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                          31 December                31 December
                                                                            Note                 2022                       2021
              Within one month                                                                   43,800                   55,633
              Between one month and one year                                                    131,706                   79,905
              Over one year                                                                      41,750                    7,700
              Accrued interest                                                                      1,048                     769
              Gross balance                                                                     218,304                  144,007
              Less: Allowances for impairment losses                         32                    (140)                     (89)
              Net balance                                                                       218,164                  143,918


20 Derivatives
    Derivatives include forward, swap, option and credit transactions undertaken by the Group in foreign exchange, precious
    metals, interest rate and credit derivatives related to trading, asset and liability management and customer initiated
    transactions. The Group, through the operations of its branch network, acts as an intermediary for a wide range of
    customers for structuring deals to offer risk management solutions to match individual customer needs. These positions
    are actively managed through hedging transactions with external parties to ensure the Group’s net exposures are within
    acceptable risk levels. The Group also uses these derivatives for proprietary trading purposes and to manage its own
    asset and liability and structural positions. Derivatives, except for those which are designated as hedging instruments,
    are held for trading. Derivatives classified as held for trading are for trading and customer initiated transactions purpose,
    and those for risk management purposes but do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting.

    The contractual/notional amounts of derivatives provide a basis for comparison with fair values of derivatives recognized
    on the consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amounts of future cash flows
    involved or the current fair values of the derivatives and, therefore, do not indicate the Group’s exposure to credit or
    market risks.

                                                    31 December 2022                             31 December 2021
                                            Nominal                                      Nominal
                                             amount          Assets     Liabilities       amount            Assets      Liabilities
     Hedging instruments
      — interest rate derivatives                600              9               –             –               –                –
     Non-Hedging instruments
      — interest rate derivatives         3,083,202         14,950         14,887      2,630,541          8,643             8,539
      — currency derivatives              2,506,299         29,173         28,780      1,936,863         13,930            14,217
      — precious metal derivatives           35,523            250            598         17,043            148               151
      — credit derivatives                       30              1              –              –              –                 –
     Total                                5,625,654         44,383         44,265      4,584,447         22,721            22,907


    (a)      Nominal amount analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                         31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                2022                        2021
              Within three months                                                           2,257,129                  2,067,349
              Between three months and one year                                             1,910,625                  1,376,726
              Between one year and five years                                               1,425,950                  1,109,269
              Over five years                                                                  31,950                     31,103
              Total                                                                         5,625,654                  4,584,447




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report       233
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      20 Derivatives (continued)
             (b)   Credit risk weighted amounts
                   The credit risk weighted amount has been computed in accordance with the Regulation Governing Capital
                   of Commercial Banks (Provisional) promulgated by the CBIRC in 2012, and depends on the status of the
                   counterparties and the maturity characteristics of the instruments, including those customer-driven back-to-back
                   transactions. As at 31 December 2022, the total amount of credit risk weighted amount for counterparty was
                   RMB24,579 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB22,204 million).

      21 Financial assets held under resale agreements
             (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                             31 December           31 December
                                                                             Note                   2022                  2021
                     In Mainland China
                       — banks                                                                     11,100                 64,515
                       — non-bank financial institutions                                              848                 26,217
                     Subtotal                                                                      11,948                 90,732
                     Outside Mainland China
                      — banks                                                                          149                   677
                      — non-bank financial institutions                                              1,628                    63
                     Subtotal                                                                        1,777                   740
                     Accrued interest                                                                     5                   12
                     Gross balance                                                                 13,730                 91,484
                     Less: Allowance for impairment losses                     32                       –                    (47)
                     Net balance                                                                   13,730                 91,437


             (b)   Analysed by types of collateral
                   As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group’s types of collateral for financial assets held under
                   resale agreements are all bonds.

             (c)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                             31 December           31 December
                                                                             Note                   2022                  2021
                     Within one month                                                              13,403                 91,472
                     Between one month and one year                                                   322                      –
                     Accrued interest                                                                     5                   12
                     Gross balance                                                                 13,730                 91,484
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses                    32                       –                    (47)
                     Net balance                                                                   13,730                 91,437




234   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers
    (a)   Analysed by nature
                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                  Notes                 2022                  2021
           Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
           Corporate loans and advances
             — loans                                                                2,418,718             2,250,726
             — discounted bills                                                         3,704                 4,523
             — finance lease receivables                                               46,566                46,854
           Subtotal                                                                 2,468,988             2,302,103
           Personal loans and advances
             — residential mortgages                                                  975,807               973,390
             — credit cards                                                           511,101               528,261
             — business loans                                                         378,819               312,584
             — personal consumption                                                   250,813               239,589
             — finance lease receivables                                                  370                     –
           Subtotal                                                                 2,116,910             2,053,824
           Accrued interest                                                             17,180               13,064
           Gross balance                                                            4,603,078             4,368,991
           Less: Allowances for impairment losses on loans          32
             — principal                                                             (130,573)             (120,722)
             — interest                                                                  (412)                 (235)
           Loans and advances to customers at amortised
             cost, net                                                              4,472,093             4,248,034
           Loans and advances to customers at fair value
             through other comprehensive income
             — loans                                                                   54,851                38,599
             — discounted bills                                                       508,142               461,443
           Carrying amount of loans and advances at fair
             value through other comprehensive income                                 562,993               500,042
             — fair value changes through other
                comprehensive income                                                      (547)                 756
           Loans and advances to customers at fair value
             through profit or loss
             — loans                                                                     3,881                     –
           Total                                                                    5,038,967             4,748,076
           Allowances for impairment losses on loans and
             advances to customers at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                             32                    (629)                 (749)




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report    235
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
             (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                             31 December 2022
                                                                  Stage 1     Stage 2         Stage 3        Total
                                                                              Note(i)
                     Gross loans and advances to
                       customers at amortised costs          4,422,344        88,606          74,948     4,585,898
                     Accrued interest                           14,342         2,125             713        17,180
                     Less: Allowance for impairment
                            losses                                (60,204)   (22,497)        (48,284)    (130,985)
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       measured at amortised cost            4,376,482        68,234          27,377     4,472,093
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income                       562,118        720             155      562,993
                     Total                                   4,938,600        68,954          27,532     5,035,086
                     Allowance for impairment
                       losses on loans and advances
                       to customers at fair value
                       through other comprehensive
                       income                                        (523)        (27)            (79)       (629)

                                                                             31 December 2021
                                                                   Stage 1    Stage 2         Stage 3        Total
                                                                              Note(i)
                     Gross loans and advances to
                       customers at amortised costs          4,198,067        83,030          74,830     4,355,927
                     Accrued interest                           11,602         1,241             221        13,064
                     Less: Allowance for impairment
                            losses                                (50,663)    (21,657)        (48,637)    (120,957)
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       measured at amortised cost            4,159,006        62,614          26,414     4,248,034
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income                       498,989        775             278      500,042
                     Total                                   4,657,995        63,389          26,692     4,748,076
                     Allowance for impairment
                       losses on loans and advances
                       to customers at fair value
                       through other comprehensive
                       income                                        (552)        (29)           (168)        (749)




236   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
    (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
          Notes:


          (i)       Stage 3 loans are loans and advances to customers that have experienced credit impairment.


                                                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                      Secured portion                                                                             43,044                     51,803
                      Unsecured portion                                                                           32,059                     23,305
                      Gross balance                                                                               75,103                     75,108
                      Allowance for stage 3 impairment losses                                                    (48,363)                   (48,805)

                    As at 31 December 2022, the maximum exposure covered by pledge and collateral held of secured portion is RMB42,470 million (as at 31
                    December 2021: RMB50,886 million).


          The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including available
          external valuation, if any, adjusted by taking into account the current realization experience as well as market
          situation.

    (c)   Overdue loans analysed by overdue period

                                                                                           31 December 2022
                                                         Overdue      Overdue                      Overdue           Overdue
                                                                 between three                  between one
                                                    within three   months and                      year and        over three
                                                        months        one year                   three years            years                 Total
            Unsecured loans                                17,083                  9,242                 1,695             280              28,300
            Guaranteed loans                                1,800                  1,926                 2,215           1,990               7,931
            Loans with pledged assets
              — loans secured by
                  collateral                               12,302                11,924                  7,091           2,337              33,654
              — pledged loans                               2,751                 6,601                  2,189             763              12,304
            Total                                          33,936                29,693                 13,190           5,370              82,189




                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report          237
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
             (c)   Overdue loans analysed by overdue period (continued)

                                                                                 31 December 2021
                                                      Overdue          Overdue       Overdue            Overdue
                                                                  between three  between one
                                                   within three     months and year and three         over three
                                                       months          one year         years              years           Total
                     Unsecured loans                    18,654          10,318              896               287         30,155
                     Guaranteed loans                    1,993           1,897            2,093               228          6,211
                     Loans with pledged assets
                       — loans secured by
                           collateral                   15,285           9,434           14,324               992         40,035
                       — pledged loans                   7,230           5,501            1,121               120         13,972
                     Total                              43,162          27,150           18,434            1,627          90,373

                   Overdue loans represent loans of which the principal or interest are overdue one day or more.

             (d)   Finance lease receivables
                   Finance lease receivables are attributable to the Group’s subsidiaries, CITIC Financial Leasing Limited (“CFLL”)
                   and CITIC International Finance Holdings Limited (“CIFH”), include net investment in machines and equipment
                   leased to customers under finance lease and hire purchase contracts which have the characteristics of finance
                   leases. The remaining period of these contracts range from 1 to 25 years. The total finance lease receivables
                   under finance lease and hire purchase contracts and their present values are as follows:

                                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                     Within one year (including one year)                                           14,247                10,369
                     One year to two years (including two years)                                    10,568                12,606
                     Two years to three years (including three years)                                7,503                 8,153
                     Over three years                                                               14,618                15,726
                     Gross balance                                                                  46,936                46,854
                     Less: Allowance for impairment losses
                       — stage 1                                                                      (960)                 (859)
                       — stage 2                                                                      (499)                 (498)
                       — stage 3                                                                      (419)                 (728)
                     Net balance                                                                    45,058                44,769




238   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



23 Financial investments
    (a)   Analysed by types
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                        Note                  2022                  2021
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or
             loss
           Investment funds                                                                 431,958               397,407
           Debt securities                                                                   80,690                58,584
           Certificates of deposit                                                           35,543                30,776
           Equity instruments                                                                 7,887                 7,432
           Wealth management products and others through
             structured entities                                                               1,516                 1,611
           Net balance                                                                      557,594               495,810
           Financial assets at amortised cost
           Debt securities                                                                  887,763               901,375
           Trust investment plans                                                           222,819               234,770
           Investment management products managed by
             securities companies                                                             39,628               50,413
           Certificates of deposit and interbank certificates of
             deposit                                                                           3,424                     –
           Subtotal                                                                       1,153,634             1,186,558
           Accrued interest                                                                   10,384               10,398
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses                          32                 (28,566)             (26,727)
             — principles                                                                    (28,528)             (26,624)
             — accrued interests                                                                 (38)                (103)
           Net balance                                                                    1,135,452             1,170,229
           Financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income (Note (i))
           Debt securities                                                                  777,438               642,570
           Certificates of deposit                                                           21,501                 4,306
           Designated investment products managed by
             securities companies                                                                   –                   24
           Subtotal                                                                         798,939               646,900
           Accrued interest                                                                    5,756                 4,957
           Net balance                                                                      804,695               651,857
           Allowances for impairment losses on financial
             investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                         32                  (2,717)               (2,387)
           Financial assets designated at fair value through
             other comprehensive income (Note (i))                                             5,128                 4,745
           Total                                                                          2,502,869             2,322,641




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report    239
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      23 Financial investments (continued)
             (a)   Analysed by types (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)       Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income


                                                                                                              31 December 2022
                                                                                                       Equity           Debt
                                                                                 Note             instruments     instruments                Total
                               Costs/Amortised cost                                                          5,783         804,867        810,650
                               Accumulated fair value change in
                                 other comprehensive income                                                   (655)         (5,928)         (6,583)
                               Fair value                                                                    5,128         798,939        804,067
                               Allowance for impairment losses                     32                                       (2,717)         (2,717)

                                                                                                                  31 December 2021
                                                                                                           Equity           Debt
                                                                                 Note                 instruments     instruments            Total
                               Costs/Amortised cost                                                          5,914         643,679         649,593
                               Accumulated fair value change in
                                 other comprehensive income                                               (1,169)            3,221           2,052
                               Fair value                                                                    4,745         646,900         651,645
                               Allowance for impairment losses                     32                                        (2,387)        (2,387)


             (b)   Analysed by location of counterparties
                                                                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                                                       Note                  2022             2021
                     In Mainland China
                       — governments                                                                                    1,097,552          899,116
                       — policy banks                                                                                      88,726          136,084
                       — banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                      1,097,864        1,114,160
                       — corporates                                                                                        99,992           87,190
                     Subtotal                                                                                           2,384,134        2,236,550
                     Outside Mainland China
                      — governments                                                                                        57,946           32,712
                      — banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                          32,736           32,643
                      — corporates                                                                                         39,171           30,420
                      — public entities                                                                                     1,308            1,688
                     Subtotal                                                                                             131,161           97,463
                     Accrued interest                                                                                      16,140           15,355
                     Total                                                                                              2,531,435        2,349,368
                     Less: Impairment allowance for financial assets at
                            amortised cost                                                              32                (28,566)         (26,727)
                     Net balance                                                                                        2,502,869        2,322,641
                     Listed in Hong Kong                                                                                   50,959           50,012
                     Listed outside Hong Kong                                                                           2,074,660        1,947,182
                     Unlisted                                                                                             377,250          325,447
                     Total                                                                                              2,502,869        2,322,641

                   Bonds traded in China’s inter-bank bond market are listed outside Hong Kong.

240   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



23 Financial investments (continued)
    (c)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses

                                                                      31 December 2022
                                             Notes     Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3           Total
           Financial assets at amortised
             costs                                   1,094,231          4,958          54,445       1,153,634
           Accrued interest                             10,227            138              19          10,384
           Less: Allowance for impairment
                   losses                     32        (2,483)        (1,387)        (24,696)        (28,566)
           Net balance                               1,101,975          3,709          29,768       1,135,452
           Financial assets at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income                                   797,850             136             953         798,939
           Accrued interest                             5,733               –              23           5,756
           Net balance                                803,583             136             976         804,695
           Total carrying amount of
             financial assets affected by
             credit risk                             1,905,558          3,845          30,744       1,940,147
           Allowance for impairment
             losses of other debt
             instruments included in other
             comprehensive income                       (1,416)            (98)        (1,203)         (2,717)

                                                                      31 December 2021
                                             Notes     Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3           Total
           Financial assets at amortised
             costs                                   1,119,765         15,529          51,264       1,186,558
           Accrued interest                             10,045            331              22          10,398
           Less: Allowance for impairment
                   losses                     32        (4,221)         (4,076)       (18,430)        (26,727)
           Net balance                               1,125,589         11,784          32,856       1,170,229
           Financial assets at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income                                   646,145             334             421         646,900
           Accrued interest                             4,922              14              21           4,957
           Net balance                                651,067             348             442         651,857
           Total carrying amount of
             financial assets affected by
             credit risk                             1,776,656         12,132          33,298       1,822,086
           Allowance for impairment
             losses of other debt
             instruments included in other
             comprehensive income                         (976)          (158)          (1,253)         (2,387)




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report    241
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      24 Investments in associates and joint ventures
                                                                                                                             31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                           Note                     2022                         2021
              Investments in joint ventures                                                                 (a)                         5,811                        5,220
              Investments in associates                                                                     (b)                           530                          533
              Total                                                                                                                     6,341                        5,753


             (a)      Investment in joint ventures
                      The details of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2022 were as follows:

                                                               Form of                                          Effective
                                                               business               Place of                percentage Principal                   Nominal value of
                             Name of company                   structure              incorporation             of shares activities                 issued shares
                        CITIC aiBank Corporation               Corporation            Beijing                      65.7% Financial                   RMB5.634 billion
                          Limited (“CITIC                                                                                  services
                          aiBank”)(Note (i))
                        JSC Altyn Bank                         Corporation            Kazakhstan                   50.1% Financial                   KZT 7.05 billion
                          Corporation Limited.                                                                             services
                          (“JSC Altyn Bank”)
                          (Note (ii))

                      Notes:


                      (i)        According to the Articles of Association of CITIC aiBank, major activities of CITIC aiBank must be decided after the unanimous consent of
                                 the Bank and Fujian Baidu Borui Network Technology Co., Ltd.


                      (ii)       According to the Articles of Association of JSC Altyn Bank, decisions regarding all major activities of JSC Altyn Bank shall be subject to the
                                 joint approval of the Bank and the other shareholder, the JSC Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan.


                      Financial statements of the joint ventures are as follow:

                                                                                     As at or for the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                           Total                Total                 Total            Operating                     Net
                        Name of Enterprise                                 assets           liabilities           net assets             income                   income
                        CITIC aiBank                                     96,922                 89,487                 7,435                  3,968                    656
                        JSC Altyn Bank                                   14,621                 13,204                 1,417                    684                    359

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                           Total                 Total                 Total            Operating                    Net
                        Name of Enterprise                                 assets            liabilities           net assets             income                  income
                        CITIC aiBank                                     79,406                 72,601                  6,805                 2,998                    263
                        JSC Altyn Bank                                    9,420                  8,331                  1,089                   440                    250




242   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
    (a)   Investment in joint ventures (continued)
          Movement of the Group’s interests in the joint venture:

                                                                                     Year ended 31             Year ended 31
                                                                                              2022                      2021
           Initial investment cost                                                             5,256                    5,256
           As at 1 January                                                                     5,220                    5,044
           Other changes in equity                                                               (20)                     (14)
           Dividends received                                                                      –                     (100)
           Share of net profit of the joint ventures for the year                                611                      294
           Exchange difference                                                                     –                       (4)
           As at 31 December                                                                   5,811                    5,220


    (b)   Investment in associates
          The Group holds its investment in associates through subsidiaries and details of the associates as at 31 December
          2022 was as follows:

                                                                                   Effective
                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                   of shares
                                           Form of                               and voting
                                           business          Place of         right held by Principal          Nominal value
           Name of company                 structure         incorporation       the Group activities          of issued shares
           CITIC International Assets      Corporation       Hong Kong               46% Investment            HKD2,218
             Management Limited                                                            holding              million
             (“CIAM”)                                                                      and assets
                                                                                           management
           Binhai (Tianjin) Financial      Corporation       Tianjin                 20% Services and          RMB500
             Assets Exchange Company                                                       investment           million
             Limited (“BFAE”)

          Financial statements of the associates are as follow:

                                                          As at or for the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                 Total            Total            Total        Operating         Net (loss)/
           Name of Enterprise                    assets       liabilities      net assets         income             income
           CIAM                                    916                 59             857               (12)                (6)
           BFAE                                    563                 38             525               189                 70

                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                 Total             Total            Total       Operating         Net (loss)/
           Name of Enterprise                    assets        liabilities      net assets        income            income
           CIAM                                  1,037                 142            895                71               (179)
           BFAE                                    637                 183            454               335                 39




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      243
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
             (b)      Investment in associates (continued)
                      Movement of the Group’s interests in associates:

                                                                                                         Year ended 31             Year ended 31
                                                                                                        December 2022             December 2021
                       Initial investment cost                                                                       1,129                    1,168
                       As at 1 January                                                                                 533                      630
                       Changes in investment in associates                                                             (39)                       –
                       Share of net loss of associates for the year                                                     12                      (82)
                       Other changes in equity                                                                          (8)                       1
                       Exchange difference                                                                              32                      (16)
                       As at 31 December                                                                               530                      533


      25 Investment in subsidiaries
                                                                                                           31 December               31 December
                                                                                       Notes                      2022                      2021
              Investment in subsidiaries
                — CITIC international financial holdings limited
                     (“CIFH”)                                                            (i)                       16,570                   16,570
                — CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (“CNCB
                     Investment”)                                                        (ii)                        1,577                    1,577
                — Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Corporation
                     Limited (“Lin’an Rural Bank”)                                      (iii)                          102                      102
                — CITIC financial leasing CO., LTD (“CFLL”)                             (iv)                         4,000                    4,000
                — CITIC Wealth Management CO., LTD (“CITIC
                     Wealth”)                                                            (v)                         5,000                    5,000
              Total                                                                                                27,249                   27,249

             Major subsidiaries of the Bank as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   % of
                                                                                                                       % of ownership
                                                                                                                 ownership       held by
                                                                        Particulars of the                          directly subsidiaries The Group’s
                                        Principal place Place of        issued and paid Principal               held by the       of the effective
              Name of entity            of business     incorporation   up capital         activities                 Bank         Bank interest
              CIFH (Note (i))           Hong Kong       Hong Kong       HKD 7,503           Commercial              100%             – 100%
                                                                          million              banking and
                                                                                               other services
              CNCB Investment           Hong Kong       Hong Kong       HKD 1,889           Investment             99.05%       0.71% 99.76%
                (Note (ii))                                               million              and lending
                                                                                               services
              Lin’an Rural Bank         Hangzhou,       Hangzhou,       RMB 200             Commercial                51%            – 51%
                 (Note (iii))              Zhejiang        Zhejiang       million              banking
                                           Province        Province
              CFLL (Note (iv))          Tianjin         Tianjin         RMB 4,000           Financial lease         100%             – 100%
                                                                          million              operations
              CITIC Wealth (Note (v))   Shanghai        Shanghai        RMB 5,000           Wealth                  100%             – 100%
                                                                          million              management




244   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



25 Investment in subsidiaries (continued)
    Notes:


    (i)      CIFH is an investment holding company registered and headquartered in Hong Kong. Its business scope through its subsidiaries covers commercial banking
             and other financial services. The Bank holds 100% shareholding in CIFH. CIFH holds 75% shareholding in CITIC Bank International Limited (“CBI”).


    (ii)     CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (CNCB Investment), founded in Hong Kong in 1984, formerly China Investment and Finance Limited,
             incorporated and operating in Hong Kong, holds a money lending licence issued by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, and also the No.1,4,6 and 9
             licenses from Hong Kong Securities Regulatory Commission through its wholly-owned subsidiary CNCB (Hong Kong) Capital Limited. The business
             scope of CNCB Investment includes investment banking, capital market investment, lending and other related services. The Bank directly holds 99.05%
             of the equity shares and voting rights in CNCB Investment, and CITIC International Financial Holding Limited (CIFH) holds the remaining 0.71% of
             the equity interests; thus, the Bank effectively holds 99.76% of the equity interest in CNCB Investment.


    (iii)    Lin’an Rural Bank was founded in Zhejiang Province of Mainland China in 2011 with a registered capital of RMB200 million. Its principal activities are
             commercial banking and related businesses. The Bank holds 51% of Lin’an Rural Bank’s equity and voting rights.


    (iv)     The Bank established CFLL in 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4 billion. Its principal business activity is financial leasing. The Bank holds 100%
             of its equity and voting rights.


    (v)      CITIC Wealth was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB5 billion. Its principal business operation is wealth management. The Bank holds
             100% of its equity and voting rights.


26 Investment properties
                                                                                                                 31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                        2022                         2021
      Fair value as at 1 January                                                                                              547                          386
      Change in fair value                                                                                                    (74)                          23
      Transfers in                                                                                                              –                          153
      Exchange difference                                                                                                      43                          (15)
      Fair value as at 31 December                                                                                            516                          547

    Investment properties of the Group are buildings held by subsidiaries and mainly located in Hong Kong and leased to
    third parties through operating leases. There are active real estate markets where the investment properties are located
    and the Group is able to obtain market price and related information of similar properties, and therefore makes
    estimation about the fair value of the investment properties as at 31 December 2022.

    All investment properties of the Group were revalued at 31 December 2022 by an independent firm of surveyors on
    an open market value basis. The fair value is in line with the definition of “IFRS 13 – Fair value measurement”. The
    revaluation surplus has been recognized in the profit or loss for the current year.

    The investment properties of the Group are categorised in the Level 3 fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report           245
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      27 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                Computer
                                                                                             Construction in                equipment and
                                                                                   Buildings        progress                       others                           Total
               Cost or deemed cost:
               As at 1 January 2022                                                    33,639                   2,546                   14,117                   50,302
               Additions                                                                  322                     384                    2,193                    2,899
               Disposals                                                                  (61)                      –                   (1,873)                  (1,934)
               Exchange differences                                                        39                       –                       75                      114
               As at 31 December 2022                                                  33,939                   2,930                   14,512                   51,381
               Accumulated depreciation:
               As at 1 January 2022                                                    (7,306)                        –                 (8,812)                 (16,118)
               Depreciation charges                                                    (1,043)                        –                 (1,515)                  (2,558)
               Disposals                                                                   36                         –                  1,778                    1,814
               Exchange differences                                                       (23)                        –                    (66)                     (89)
               As at 31 December 2022                                                  (8,336)                        –                 (8,615)                 (16,951)
               Net carrying value:
               As at 1 January 2022                                                    26,333                   2,546                     5,305                  34,184
               As at 31 December 2022 (Note (i))                                       25,603                   2,930                     5,897                  34,430

                                                                                                                                 Computer
                                                                                                      Construction in        equipment and
                                                                                    Buildings                progress               others                          Total
               Cost or deemed cost:
               As at 1 January 2021                                                    33,547                   2,178                   12,890                    48,615
               Additions                                                                  270                     368                    2,178                     2,816
               Transfer out in current year                                              (154)                      –                        –                      (154)
               Disposals                                                                   (9)                      –                     (923)                     (932)
               Exchange differences                                                       (15)                      –                      (28)                      (43)
               As at 31 December 2021                                                  33,639                   2,546                   14,117                    50,302
               Accumulated depreciation:
               As at 1 January 2021                                                     (6,318)                       –                  (8,429)                 (14,747)
               Depreciation charges                                                     (1,019)                       –                  (1,283)                  (2,302)
               Transfer out in current year                                                 16                        –                       –                       16
               Disposals                                                                     6                        –                     877                      883
               Exchange differences                                                          9                        –                      23                       32
               As at 31 December 2021                                                   (7,306)                       –                  (8,812)                 (16,118)
               Net carrying value:
               As at 1 January 2021                                                    27,229                   2,178                     4,461                   33,868
               As at 31 December 2021 (Note (i))                                       26,333                   2,546                     5,305                   34,184

             Notes:
             (i)      As at 31 December 2022, the registration transfer process of certain buildings acquired has not been completed, and the net book value of such buildings
                      was approximately RMB11,058 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB11,396 million). The Group believes the incomplete registration procedures do
                      not affect the rights of the Group as the legal successor to these buildings.




246   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



28 Right-of-use assets
                                                         Land use                     Vehicles and
                                        Buildings           rights     Equipment            others             Total
      Cost or deemed cost:
      As at 1 January 2022                 17,145            1,221              92               53          18,511
      Additions                             3,533                –               2                8           3,543
      Disposals                            (1,514)               –             (11)              (3)         (1,528)
      Exchange differences                     72                –               –                –              72
      As at 31 December 2022               19,236            1,221              83               58          20,598
      Accumulated depreciation:
      As at 1 January 2022                 (7,464)            (328)            (57)             (24)         (7,873)
      Depreciation                         (3,229)             (30)            (19)             (11)         (3,289)
      Disposals                             1,409               (1)              8                3           1,419
      Exchange differences                    (31)               –               –                –             (31)
      As at 31 December 2022               (9,315)            (359)            (68)             (32)         (9,774)
      Net carrying value:
      As at 1 January 2022                  9,681             893               35               29          10,638
      As at 31 December 2022                9,921             862               15               26          10,824

                                                                                       Vehicles and
                                         Buildings Land use rights      Equipment            others            Total
      Cost or deemed cost:
      As at 1 January 2021                 16,146            1,221             113               53          17,533
      Additions                             2,567                –               4                4           2,575
      Disposals                            (1,426)               –             (25)              (4)         (1,455)
      Exchange differences                   (142)               –               –                –            (142)
      As at 31 December 2021               17,145            1,221              92               53          18,511
      Accumulated depreciation:
      As at 1 January 2021                  (5,606)           (298)            (57)             (16)          (5,977)
      Depreciation                          (3,181)            (30)            (25)             (12)          (3,248)
      Disposals                              1,207               –              25                4            1,236
      Exchange differences                     116               –               –                –              116
      As at 31 December 2021                (7,464)           (328)            (57)             (24)          (7,873)
      Net carrying value:
      As at 1 January 2021                 10,540              923              56               37          11,556
      As at 31 December 2021                 9,681             893              35               29          10,638

    (i)     As at 31 December 2022, the balance of the Group’s lease liabilities amounted to RMB10,272 million (as at
            31 December 2021: RMB9,816 million), including RMB5,701 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB5,153
            million) of lease liabilities that will mature within a year.

    (ii)    As at 31 December 2022, lease payments relating to lease contracts signed but to be executed amounted to
            RMB68 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB167 million).

    (iii)   For the year ended 31 December 2022, the lease expense of short-term leases with a lease term of no more
            than 12 months and leases of assets with low values amounted to RMB167 million (as at 31 December 2021:
            RMB189 million).




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report    247
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      29 Goodwill
                                                                                              31 December        31 December
                                                                                                     2022               2021
              As at 1 January                                                                         833                  860
              Exchange difference                                                                      70                  (27)
              As at 31 December                                                                       903                  833

             Based on the result of impairment test, no impairment losses on goodwill were recognized as at 31 December 2022
             (as at 31 December 2021: Nil).

      30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                              31 December        31 December
                                                                                                     2022               2021
              Deferred tax assets                                                                  55,011               46,905
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (3)                  (8)
              Net                                                                                  55,008               46,897


             (a)    Analysed by nature and jurisdiction
                                                                  31 December 2022                   31 December 2021
                                                           Deductible/                            Deductible/
                                                              (taxable)          Deferred            (taxable)        Deferred
                                                            temporary          tax assets/         temporary        tax assets/
                                                            differences       (liabilities)        differences     (liabilities)
                     Deferred tax assets
                       — allowance for impairment
                           losses                                 203,539         50,766             180,860            45,076
                       — fair value adjustments                        64             16              (7,505)           (1,882)
                       — employee retirement
                           benefits and salaries
                           payable                                 11,685            2,924            10,206             2,552
                       — others                                     5,095            1,305             4,497             1,159
                     Subtotal                                     220,383         55,011             188,058            46,905
                     Deferred tax liabilities
                       — fair value adjustments                        (5)              (1)               (48)               (8)
                       — others                                       (14)              (2)                 –                 –
                     Subtotal                                         (19)              (3)               (48)               (8)
                     Net                                          220,364         55,008             188,010            46,897


             (b)    Offsetting of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                    As at 31 December 2022, the deferred tax assets/liabilities offset by the Group were RMB641 million (31
                    December 2021: RMB2,260 million).




248   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (continued)
    (c)       Movement of deferred tax
                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                       retirement
                                                      Allowance for                                  benefits and
                                                        impairment               Fair value          accrued staff                                         Total
                                                             losses            adjustments                    cost                   Others         deferred tax
                As at 1 January 2022                            45,076                 (1,890)                  2,552                 1,159                46,897
                Recognized in profit or
                  loss                                            5,661                   (528)                   405                    117                 5,655
                Recognized in other
                  comprehensive income                                  8                2,407                     (33)                    33                2,415
                Exchange differences                                   21                   26                       –                     (6)                  41
                As at 31 December 2022                          50,766                       15                 2,924                 1,303                55,008
                As at 1 January 2021                            39,870                  (1,114)                 2,579                    567                41,902
                Recognized in profit or
                  loss                                            5,214                     214                    (27)                  601                 6,002
                Recognized in other
                  comprehensive income                                  –                  (992)                      –                     (9)             (1,001)
                Exchange differences                                   (8)                    2                       –                      –                  (6)
                As at 31 December 2021                          45,076                  (1,890)                 2,552                  1,159                46,897


31 Other assets
                                                                                                                      31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                   Notes                     2022                         2021
      Advanced payments and settlement accounts                                                                                11,286                       24,169
      Assets with continuing involvement                                                                                       11,114                       10,878
      Fee and commission receivables                                                                                            9,861                        7,454
      Precious metal leasing                                                                                                    5,101                        3,114
      Interest receivables                                                                           (i)                        4,488                        5,167
      Prepayments for properties and equipment                                                                                  2,125                          988
      Repossessed assets                                                                            (ii)                        1,478                        1,330
      Leasehold improvements                                                                                                      801                          767
      Prepaid rent                                                                                                                 12                            7
      Others                                                                                        (iii)                       9,224                        5,548
      Total                                                                                                                    55,490                       59,422

    Notes:


    (i)       Interest receivable


              Interest receivable represents interest on financial instruments due and receivable but not yet received as at the balance sheet date and is stated net of
              corresponding impairment allowances. The impairment allowances on the Group’s interest receivable is RMB5,415 million (as at 31 December 2021:
              RMB3,628 million).




                                                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report            249
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      31 Other assets (continued)
             Notes (continued):


             (ii)      Repossessed assets


                                                                                                    31 December                 31 December
                                                                                     Notes                 2022                        2021
                         Premises                                                                             2,722                   2,611
                         Others                                                                                   6                       5
                         Gross balance                                                                        2,728                   2,616
                         Less: Allowance for impairment losses                        32                      (1,250)                (1,286)
                         Net balance                                                                          1,478                   1,330

                       As at 31 December 2022, the Group intended to dispose all of the repossessed assets, and had no plan to transfer
                       the repossessed assets for own use (as at 31 December 2021: None).

             (iii)     Others


                       Others include other receivables, other prepayments, prepaid legal costs for lawyers, etc.

      32 Movements of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                (Reversal)/
                                                                      As at 1    charge for    Write-offs /                         As at 31
                                                      Notes          January       the year    transfer out        Others          December
                                                                                                                  Notes (i)
               Allowance for credit impairment
                  losses
               Deposits with bank and non-
                  bank financial institutions          18                145            (48)             –                 1             98
               Placements with and loans to
                  banks and non-bank financial
                  institutions                         19                 89            50               –                 1            140
               Financial assets held under resale
                  agreements                           21                 47           (47)              –               –                –
               Loans and advances to customers         22            121,471        55,786         (57,791)         11,736          131,202
               Financial investments                   23
                  –at amortised cost                                  26,624         1,542          (1,530)             1,892        28,528
                  –at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income                              2,387           269             (28)               89          2,717
               Other financial assets and
                  accrued interest                                     5,134         5,220          (4,352)             1,347         7,349
               Off balance sheet credit assets         40             11,428         8,587         (11,112)                54         8,957
               Total                                                 167,325        71,359         (74,813)         15,120          178,991
               Allowance for impairment losses
                  on other assets
               Other assets – repossessed assets      31(ii)           1,286            45            (119)               38          1,250
               Total                                                   1,286            45            (119)               38          1,250




250   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



32 Movements of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                                Charge/
                                                                               As at 1     (reversal) for         Write-offs /                As at 31
                                                         Notes                January           the year          transfer out    Others     December
                                                                                                                                 Notes (i)
      Allowance for credit impairment
         losses
      Deposits with bank and non-
         bank financial institutions                       18                      130                  16                  –          (1)         145
      Placements with and loans to
         banks and non-bank financial
         institutions                                      19                        97                  (7)                –          (1)          89
      Financial assets held under resale
         agreements                                        21                     56                   (9)                 –            –           47
      Loans and advances to customers                      22                126,100               50,228            (64,161)       9,304      121,471
      Financial investments                                23
         –at amortised cost                                                    13,737              18,917              (6,971)        941       26,624
         –at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                2,651                (165)                (71)        (28)       2,387
      Other financial assets and
         accrued interest                                                       4,980               3,302              (4,034)        886        5,134
      Off balance sheet credit assets                      40                   6,725               4,723                   –         (20)      11,428
      Total                                                                  154,476               77,005            (75,237)     11,081       167,325
      Allowance for impairment losses
         on other assets
      Other assets – repossessed assets                  31(ii)                 1,323                   43                (92)         12        1,286
      Total                                                                     1,323                   43                (92)         12        1,286

    The impairment losses of accrued interest of the financial instruments in this table and its changes are included in
    “Other financial assets and accrued interest".

    Note:


    (i)       Others include recovery of loans written off, and effect of exchange differences during the year.




                                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report   251
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      33 Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions
             Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                         2022          2021
              In Mainland China
                — banks                                               310,409       279,849
                — non-bank financial institutions                     822,110       885,347
              Subtotal                                              1,132,519     1,165,196
              Outside Mainland China
               — banks                                                  7,085         4,610
               — non-bank financial institutions                           70            19
              Subtotal                                                  7,155         4,629
              Accrued interest                                          4,102         4,938
              Total                                                 1,143,776     1,174,763


      34 Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions
             Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                         2022          2021
              In Mainland China
                — banks                                                51,186        44,375
                — non-bank financial institutions                           –         8,360
              Subtotal                                                 51,186        52,735
              Outside Mainland China
               — banks                                                 18,684        25,316
               — non-bank financial institutions                          709            40
              Subtotal                                                 19,393        25,356
              Accrued interest                                           162           240
              Total                                                    70,741        78,331




252   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



35 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
    (a)      Analysed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                     31 December           31 December
                                                                                            2022                  2021
              In Mainland China
                — PBOC                                                                    217,858                67,372
                — banks                                                                    33,779                30,243
              Subtotal                                                                    251,637                97,615
              Outside Mainland China
               — banks                                                                       4,427                  719
               — Non-banks                                                                      55                    –
              Subtotal                                                                       4,482                  719
              Accrued interest                                                                  75                     5
              Total                                                                       256,194                98,339


    (b)      Analysed by type of collateral
                                                                                     31 December           31 December
                                                                                            2022                  2021
              Debt securities                                                             186,765                44,143
              Discounted bills                                                             69,354                54,191
              Accrued interest                                                                 75                     5
              Total                                                                       256,194                98,339

             The Group did not derecognize financial assets used as collateral in connection with financial assets sold
             under repurchase agreements. As at 31 December 2022, no legal title of the collateral has been transferred to
             counterparties. The above information of collateral is included in the Note 52.

36 Deposits from customers
    Analysed by nature:
                                                                                     31 December           31 December
                                                                                            2022                  2021
     Demand deposits
       — corporate customers                                                            1,937,135             1,963,640
       — personal customers                                                               349,013               310,054
     Subtotal                                                                           2,286,148             2,273,694
     Time and call deposits
       — corporate customers                                                            1,855,977             1,789,956
       — personal customers                                                               942,803               662,255
     Subtotal                                                                           2,798,780             2,452,211
     Outward remittance and remittance payables                                            14,420                10,679
     Accrued interest                                                                      58,516                53,385
     Total                                                                              5,157,864             4,789,969




                                                                                                       2022 Annual Report    253
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      36 Deposits from customers (continued)
             Guarantee deposits included in above deposits:
                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                               2022                   2021
              Bank acceptances                                                               348,926               247,946
              Guarantees                                                                      17,091                14,063
              Letters of credit                                                               25,132                19,615
              Others                                                                          55,709                81,308
              Total                                                                          446,858               362,932


      37 Accrued staff costs
                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                Additions       Payments
                                                                   As at 1     during the      during the         As at 31
                                                     Notes        January            year            year        December
              Salaries and bonuses                                 18,248          28,102         (25,707)          20,643
              Social insurance                                          9           2,027          (2,021)              15
              Welfare expenses                                          4           1,352          (1,352)               4
              Housing fund                                              7           1,758          (1,755)              10
              Labor union expenses and employee
                education expenses                                    750             888            (650)            988
              Housing allowance                                        54               –               –              54
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined contribution plans           (a)             19           3,579          (3,580)             18
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined benefit plans                (b)             18               1              (1)             18
              Other benefits                                          144             375            (364)            155
              Total                                    (c)         19,253          38,082         (35,430)          21,905

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                Additions       Payments          As at 31
                                                     Notes As at 1 January during the year during the year       December
              Salaries and bonuses                                 19,436          25,299         (26,487)          18,248
              Social insurance                                         48           1,813          (1,852)               9
              Welfare expenses                                          4           1,373          (1,373)               4
              Housing fund                                              8           1,570          (1,571)               7
              Labor union expenses and employee
                education expenses                                    568             808              (626)          750
              Housing allowance                                        54               –                 –            54
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined contribution plans           (a)              43          3,171          (3,195)             19
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined benefit plans                (b)             18               1                (1)           18
              Other benefits                                          154             368              (378)          144
              Total                                    (c)         20,333          34,403         (35,483)          19,253




254   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



37 Accrued staff costs (continued)
    Notes:


    (a)      Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans


             Post-employment benefits defined contribution plans include contributions to statutory retirement plan. Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in
             the PRC governing labor and social security, the Group joins statutory retirement plan for the employees as set out by city and provincial governments.
             The Group is required to make contributions based on defined ratios of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowance of the employees to the statutory
             retirement plan under the administration of the government.


             In addition to the above statutory retirement plan, the Bank’s qualified employees have joined a defined contribution retirement scheme (the “Scheme”)
             which was established by the Group and managed by the CITIC Group. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Bank has made annuity contributions
             at 7% (31 December 2021: 7%) of its employee’s gross wages. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Bank made annuity contribution amounting
             to RMB1,544 million (year ended 31 December 2021: RMB1,395 million).


             The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme for Hong Kong staff. Contributions are charged to
             profit or loss when the contribution fall due.


    (b)      Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans


             The Group offers supplementary retirement benefits for certain of its qualified employees in Mainland China. Retired employees are eligible to join this
             supplementary retirement plan. The amount that is recognized as at reporting date presents the discounted value of future obligation.


             The present value of the Group’s supplementary retirement plan obligations on the date of balance sheet is calculated through projected unit credit method
             and computed by a qualified professional actuary firm Towers Watson Consulting (Shenzhen) Ltd. Beijing Branch.


             The primary assumptions used by the actuary are as follows


                                                                                                                      31 December                      31 December
                                                                                                                               2022                            2021

               Discount rate                                                                                                 2.75%                            3.00%
               Annual withdrawal rate                                                                                        5.00%                            5.00%
               Normal retirement age                                                                   Male: 60 years old Female:
                                                                                                                       55 years old
               Annual increase rate of social average wage and salary for current active employees                           5.00%                            5.00%
               Mortality rate                                                                            Determined by the China
                                                                                                          Life Insurance Mortality
                                                                                                                              Table



             In 2021 and 2022, the change amount of supplementary retirement benefits scheme liabilities incurred by the actuarial assumptions variations illustrated
             above was immaterial.


             Except for the aforementioned contributions, the Group has no other material obligation for payment of retirement benefits.


    (c)      The salaries, bonuses, allowances and subsidies, retirement benefits and other social insurance payable to employees are paid in accordance with relevant
             laws and regulations within time limit stipulated by the Group.




                                                                                                                                            2022 Annual Report            255
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      38 Taxes payable
                                                                                              31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                     2022                        2021
              Income tax                                                                                4,415                   5,830
              VAT and surcharges                                                                        4,060                   4,913
              Others                                                                                       12                      10
              Total                                                                                     8,487                  10,753


      39 Debt securities issued
                                                                                              31 December                 31 December
                                                                              Notes                  2022                        2021
              Long-term debt securities issued                                    (a)               116,344                    61,125
              Subordinated bonds issued:
                — by the Bank                                                     (b)                89,987                   109,974
                — by CBI                                                          (c)                 3,444                     3,174
              Certificates of deposit issued                                      (d)                 1,035                     1,211
              Certificates of interbank deposit issued                            (e)               720,431                   739,857
              Convertible corporate bonds                                         (f)                39,977                    39,497
              Accrued interest                                                                        3,988                     3,365
              Total                                                                                 975,206                   958,203


             (a)      Long-term debt securities issued by the Group as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                31                31
                                                                                                         December           December
                                                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                                              Annual      Nominal            Nominal
                       Bond Type            Issue Date            Maturity Date         Interest Rate        Value             Value
                                                                                                             RMB                RMB
                       Floating rate bond   14 December 2017 15 December 2022 Three-month                            –          3,504
                                                                                Libor +1%
                       Fixed rate bond      14 December 2017 15 December 2022      3.125%                        –              1,593
                       Fixed rate bond      18 March 2020    18 March 2023         2.750%                   30,000             30,000
                       Fixed rate bond      2 February 2021  2 February 2024       0.875%                    1,381              1,274
                       Fixed rate bond      2 February 2021  2 February 2026       1.250%                    2,417              2,230
                       Fixed rate bond      10 June 2021     10 June 2024          3.190%                   20,000             20,000
                       Fixed rate bond      17 November      17 November           1.750%                    3,453              3,185
                                              2021             2024
                       Fixed rate bond      28 April 2022    28 April 2025         2.800%                   30,000                  –
                       Fixed rate bond      5 August 2022    5 August 2025         2.500%                   30,000                  –
                       Fixed rate bond      20 December 2022 17 November           1.750%                    1,865                  –
                                                               2024
                       Total nominal                                                                       119,116             61,786
                         value
                       Less: Unamortised                                                                           (24)           (24)
                         issuance cost
                       Less: offset                                                                             (2,748)          (637)
                       Carrying value                                                                      116,344             61,125




256   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



39 Debt securities issued (continued)
    (b)   The carrying value of the Bank’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                               31 December                 31 December
                                                                                            Notes                     2022                        2021
            Subordinated fixed rate bonds maturing:
              — in June 2027                                                                   (i)                           –                      19,989
              — in September 2028                                                             (ii)                      29,993                      29,995
              — in October 2028                                                               (iii)                     20,000                      19,997
              — in August 2030                                                                (iv)                      39,994                      39,993
            Total                                                                                                       89,987                    109,974

          Notes:


          (i)       The Bank issued fixed-rate subordinated bonds on 21 June 2012 with a coupon rate of 5.15% per annum. The Bank has redeemed the bonds
                    on 21 June 2022.


          (ii)      The Bank issued fixed-rate subordinated bonds on 13 September 2018 with a coupon rate of 4.96% per annum. The Bank has the option to
                    redeem the bonds on 13 September 2023. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 4.96% per annum for the next
                    five years.


          (iii)     The Bank issued fixed-rate subordinated bonds on 22 October 2018 with a coupon rate of 4.80% per annum. The Bank has the option to
                    redeem the bonds on 22 October 2023. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 4.80% per annum for the next
                    five years.


          (iv)      The Bank issued fixed-rate subordinated bonds on 14 August 2020 with a coupon rate of 3.87% per annum. The Bank has the option to redeem
                    the bonds on 14 August 2025. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 3.87% per annum for the next five years.


    (c)   The carrying value of CBI’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                               31 December                 31 December
                                                                                            Notes                     2022                        2021
            Subordinated fixed rate notes maturing:
              — in February 2029                                                               (i)                        3,444                       3,174

          Notes:


          (i)       CBI issued USD500 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 4.625% per annum on 28 February 2019. CBI has an option to redeem
                    these notes on each coupon payment date on and after 28 February 2024. If CBI does not exercise the redemption option, the coupon rate per
                    annum will be the 5-year US treasury bond rate on 28 February 2024, plus 2.25%. The notes are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


    (d)   These certificates of deposit were issued by CBI with interest rate ranging from 2.76% to 5.37% per annum.

    (e)   As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had issued certain certificates of interbank deposits, totaling RMB720,431
          million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB739,857 million), with yield ranging from 1.65% to 2.68% (as at 31
          December 2021: 2.60% to 3.18%) per annum. The original expiry terms range from one month to one year.




                                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report           257
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      39 Debt securities issued (continued)
             (f)      As approved by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank made a public offering of RMB40 billion
                      A-share convertible corporate bonds on 4 March 2019. The convertible corporate bonds have a term of six years
                      from 4 March 2019 to 3 March 2025, at coupon rates of 0.3% for the first year,0.8% for the second year,1.5%
                      for the third year,2.3% for the fourth year,3.2% for the fifth year and 4.0% for the sixth year. The conversion
                      of these convertible corporate bonds begins on the first trading day (11 September 2019) after six months upon
                      the completion date of the offering (8 March 2019), until the maturity date (3 March 2025).

                      In accordance with formulas set out in the prospectus of the convertible corporate bonds, the initial conversion
                      price of the convertible corporate bonds is RMB7.45 per share, and the price of the convertible corporate bonds
                      will be adjusted to reflect the dilutive impact of cash dividends and increase in paid-in capital under specified
                      circumstances. On 28 July 2022, the conversion price of the convertible corporate bonds has been adjusted to
                      RMB6.43 per share. During the conversion period (from 4 March 2019 to 3 March 2025), if the closing price
                      of the Bank’s A-shares is lower than 80% of the current conversion price for at least 15 trading days in any 30
                      consecutive trading days, the Board of Directors of the Bank has the right to propose to lower the conversion
                      price and submit the proposal to the shareholders’ meeting for deliberation.

                      These convertible corporate bonds are subject to conditional redemptions. During their conversion period, if the
                      closing prices of the Bank’s A-shares are no less than 130% (inclusive) of the current conversion price for at least
                      15 trading days in 30 consecutive trading days, the Bank has the right to redeem all or part of the outstanding
                      convertible corporate bonds at their par value plus the current accrued interest, upon approval of the relevant
                      regulatory authorities (if required). In addition, when the total amount of the outstanding convertible corporate
                      bonds is less than RMB30 million, the Bank has the right to redeem all outstanding convertible corporate bonds
                      at their par value plus the current accrued interest.

                      As at 31 December 2022, convertible corporate bonds of RMB335,000 was converted to 47,084 A-shares.

                                                                                    Liability              Equity                 Total
                       Issued nominal value of convertible corporate
                          bonds                                                       36,859                3,141               40,000
                       Direct issuance expenses                                          (74)                  (6)                 (80)
                       Balance at the issuance date                                   36,785                3,135               39,920
                       Amortisation                                                    3,192                    –                3,192
                       Amount of bonds converted                                           –                    –                    –
                       Ending balance                                                 39,977                3,135               43,112


      40 Provisions
                                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                                                         2022                    2021
              Allowance for impairment losses on off-balance sheet items                                   8,957                 11,428
              Litigation provisions                                                                          779                    499
              Total                                                                                        9,736                 11,927

             The movement of off-balance sheet allowance for impairment losses is included in the Note 32.




258   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



41 Other liabilities
                                                                                                              31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                     2022                         2021
      Continuing involvement liability                                                                                11,114                       10,878
      Settlement and clearing accounts                                                                                13,134                        5,342
      Advances and deferred expenses                                                                                   4,391                        5,087
      Payment and collection accounts                                                                                  4,500                        4,349
      Leasing deposits                                                                                                   521                          880
      Accrued expenses                                                                                                   841                          688
      Others                                                                                                           7,795                        8,403
      Total                                                                                                           42,296                       35,627


42 Share capital
                                                                                                                  31 December 2022 and
                                                                                                                    31 December 2021
                                                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                                             (millions)                 Nominal Value
      Ordinary shares Registered, issued and fully paid:
       A-Share                                                                                                         34,053                      34,053
       H-Share                                                                                                         14,882                      14,882
      Total                                                                                                            48,935                      48,935

                                                                                                              31 December                  31 December
                                                                                          Note                       2022                         2021
      As at 1 January                                                                                                 48,935                       48,935
      Convertible bond settlement                                                           (i)                            –                            –
      As at 31 December                                                                                               48,935                       48,935

    Note:


    (i)       In 2022, convertible corporate bonds of RMB8,000 was converted to 1,188 A-shares (In 2021, convertible corporate bonds of RMB27,000 was converted
              to 3,900 A-shares).


43 Other equity instruments
                                                                                                              31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                     2022                         2021
      Preference shares (Note (i))                                                                                    34,955                       34,955
      Perpetual bonds (Note (ii))                                                                                     79,986                       79,986
      Equity of convertible corporate bonds (Note 39 (f))                                                              3,135                        3,135
      Total                                                                                                          118,076                      118,076




                                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report           259
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      43 Other equity instruments (continued)
             (i)   Preference shares
                                                                                          Issued     Issued
                     Financial                                                       number of     nominal
                     instruments                                      Issued price shares (RMB value (RMB      Maturity
                     in issue        Dividend rate                         (RMB)       millions)  millions)       Date Conversions
                     Preference      3.80% for the first five                100          350       35,000 No maturity             No
                       shares           years, will be re-priced                                                 date       conversion
                                        every five years thereafter                                                         during the
                                                                                                                                  year

                   35,000 million preference shares of RMB100 each were issued in October 2016, with a dividend rate of 3.80%
                   per annum for the first five years from issuance, to no more than 200 qualified investors, pursuant to the approval
                   by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting and relevant regulatory authorities.

                   The carrying amount of preference shares, net of direct issuance expenses, was RMB34,955 million. All the
                   proceeds received is used to replenish Other Tier-One capital in order to increase the Bank’s Tier-One capital
                   adequacy ratio (Note 56). Dividends are non-cumulative and where payable are paid annually. Dividend rate
                   will be re-priced every five years thereafter with reference to the five-year PRC treasury bonds yield plus a fixed
                   premium of 1.30%.

                   As authorised by the ordinary shareholders’ Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion
                   to declare and distribute dividends on the preference shares. The Bank shall not distribute any dividends to its
                   ordinary shareholders before it declares such dividends to preference shareholders for the relevant period. The
                   distribution of preference shares dividend is at the Bank’s discretion and is non-cumulative. Preference shareholders
                   are not entitled to participate in the distribution of retained profits except for the dividends stated above.

                   The Bank has redemption option when specified conditions as stipulated in the offering documents of preference
                   shares are met, subject to regulatory approval, whereas preference shareholders have no right to require the Bank
                   to redeem the preference shares.

                   Upon occurrence of the triggering events as stipulated in paragraph 2 (3) of the Guidance of the China Banking
                   Regulatory Commission on Commercial Banks’ Innovation on Capital Instruments (CBRC No.56 [2012]) and
                   subject to regulatory approval, preference shares shall be mandatorily converted into ordinary A shares of the
                   Bank at the conversion price of RMB7.07 per share, partially or entirely. The conversion price of the preference
                   shares will be adjusted where certain events occur including bonus issues, rights issue, capitalisation of reserves
                   and new issuances of ordinary shares below market price, subject to terms and formulae provided for in the
                   offering documents, to maintain the relative interests between preference shareholders and ordinary shareholders.

                   These preference shares are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position; and are qualified as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the
                   CBIRC requirements.




260   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



43 Other equity instruments (continued)
    (ii)   Non fixed-term bonds
           The Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down non fixed-term bonds (the “Bonds”) in the domestic interbank
           bond market on 11 December 2019. On 26 April 2021, the Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down non
           fixed-term bonds (the “Bonds”) in the domestic interbank bond market. The denomination of these Bonds is
           RMB100 each, and the annual coupon rate of the Bonds for the first 5 years is 4.20%, resetting every 5 years.

           The duration of these Bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. Subject to the satisfaction of
           the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, the Bank may redeem the
           Bonds in whole or in part on each distribution payment date 5 years after the issuance date of the Bonds. Upon
           the occurrence of a trigger event for write-downs, with the consent of the CBIRC and without the consent of
           the bondholders, the Bank has the right to write down all or part of the above Bonds issued and existing at
           that time in accordance with the total par value. The claims of the holders of the Bonds will be subordinated
           to the claims of depositors, general creditors and subordinated creditors; and shall rank in priority to the claims
           of shareholders and will rank pari passu with the claims under any other additional tier 1 capital instruments
           of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Bonds.

           The Bonds are paid by non-cumulative interest. The Bank shall have the right to cancel distributions on the
           Bonds in whole or in part and such cancellation shall not constitute a default. The Bank may at its discretion
           utilize the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations of maturing debts. But the Bank
           shall not distribute profits to ordinary shareholders until the resumption of full interest payment.

           These perpetual bonds are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement
           of financial position; and are qualified as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the
           CBIRC requirements.

           Interests attributable to equity instruments’ holder:

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                                              2022                   2021
            Total equity attributable to equity holders of the parent
              company                                                                       665,418                626,303
              Equity attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
                company                                                                     547,342                508,227
              Equity attributable to other equity instruments holders of
                the parent company                                                          118,076                118,076
                   — Profit for the period/distribution for the period                        4,788                  3,010
            Total equity attributable to non-controlling interests                           20,412                 16,323
              Equity attributable to non-controlling interests of ordinary
                shares                                                                         9,220                  9,121
              Equity attributable to non-controlling interests of other
                equity instruments                                                            11,192                  7,202

           For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Bank paid dividend of RMB1,428 million to the preference
           shareholders (for the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB1,330 million), and paid interest of RMB3,360
           million to the holders of non fixed-term bonds (for the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB1,680 million).




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     261
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      44 Capital reserves
                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2022                   2021
              Share premium                                                                            58,896                 58,896
              Other reserves                                                                              320                    320
              Total                                                                                    59,216                 59,216


      45 Other comprehensive income
             Other comprehensive income comprises items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, such as net
             changes on the measurement of defined benefit plans (Note 37) and fair value changes on financial investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income, and items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss,
             such as fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, credit impairment
             allowance on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and exchange differences on translation.

      46 Surplus reserve
                                                                                                  Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                        2022                   2021
              As at 1 January                                                                          48,937                 43,786
              Appropriations                                                                            5,790                  5,151
              As at 31 December                                                                        54,727                 48,937

             Under the relevant PRC Laws, the Bank and the Bank’s subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to appropriate 10%
             of its profit for the year, as determined under regulations issued by the regulatory bodies of the PRC, to the statutory
             surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. After making the appropriation to the
             statutory surplus reserve, the Bank may also appropriate its profit for the year to the discretionary surplus reserve upon
             approval by ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. The Bank makes its appropriation on an annual basis.

             Subject to the approval of ordinary shareholders, statutory surplus reserves may be used for replenishing accumulated
             losses, if any, and may be converted into share capital, provided that the balance of statutory surplus reserve after such
             capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital before the process.

      47 General reserve
                                                                                                  Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                        2022                   2021
              As at 1 January                                                                          95,490                 90,819
              Appropriations                                                                            5,090                  4,671
              As at 31 December                                                                      100,580                  95,490

             Pursuant to relevant Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) notices, the Bank and the Group’s banking subsidiaries in Mainland
             China are required to set aside a general reserve to cover potential losses against their assets. The Bank and the Group
             make its appropriation on an annual basis.

             CITIC Wealth shall draw operational risk reserves on a monthly basis according to the Administrative Measures for
             Financial Subsidiaries of Commercial Banks. CNCBI Macau shall draw down its regulatory reserves on a monthly
             basis according to the requirements of the Monetary Authority of Macau. During the year ended 31 December 2022,
             a total of RMB2,560 million of corresponding risk provisions was drawn.




262   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



48 Profit appropriations and retained earnings
    (a)   Profit appropriations and distributions other than dividends declared during the year
                                                                                      Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                    31 December           31 December
                                                                    Notes                   2022                  2021
           Appropriations to
             — surplus reserve                                        46                    5,790                 5,151
             — general reserve                                        47                    5,090                 4,671
           As at 31 December                                                              10,880                  9,822

          The Bank appropriated RMB5,790 million to statutory surplus reserve fund for the year of 2022, and appropriated
          RMB2,476 million to general reserve. The Group’s subsidiary, Lin’an rural bank, made appropriations to general
          reserve in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

    (b)   In accordance with the resolution approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on 23 June 2022, a
          total amount of approximately RMB14,778 million (RMB3.02 per 10 shares) were distributed in the form of
          cash dividend to the ordinary shareholders on 28 July 2022.

    (c)   On 23 March 2023, the Board of Directors proposed a cash dividend of RMB3.29 per 10 shares in respect of the
          year 2022. Subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, approximately
          RMB16,100 million will be payable to those on the register of ordinary shareholders as at the relevant record
          date. This proposal is a non-adjusting event after the reporting period and has not been recognized as liability
          as at 31 December 2022.

    (d)   On 11 December 2019, the Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds in the domestic
          interbank bond market. The Bank paid RMB1,680 million in interest at a coupon rate of 4.20% to investors
          of perpetual bonds on 12 December 2022; On 26 April 2021, the Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down
          undated capital bonds in the domestic interbank bond market. The Bank paid RMB1,680 million in interest
          at a coupon rate of 4.20% to investors of perpetual bonds on 26 April 2022.

    (e)   In accordance with the resolution approved in the Board of Directors Meeting of the Bank on 25 August 2022,
          a total amount of approximately RMB1,428 million (calculated by the Bank using the agreed dividend rate of
          4.08% with RMB4.08 per share) were distributed in the form of cash dividend to the preference shareholders
          on 26 October 2022.

    (f)   As at 31 December 2022, the retained earnings included the statutory surplus reserves of certain subsidiaries of
          RMB846 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB563 million), of which RMB283 million (as at 31 December
          2021: RMB212 million) was the appropriation made by the subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022.
          Such statutory surplus reserves in the retained earnings cannot be distributed.




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report     263
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      49 Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests included ordinary shareholders held by non-controlling interest in subsidiaries and other
             equity instrument holders’ interests. As at 31 December 2022, other equity instrument holders’ interest amounted to
             RMB11,192 million (31 December 2021: RMB7,202 million) representing other equity instruments issued by CBI on
             6 November 2018,29 July 2021 and 22 April 2022, an entity ultimately controlled by the Group. Such instruments
             are perpetual non-cumulative subordinated additional Tier- One capital securities (the “Capital Securities”).

              Financial
              instruments in                                                                                              Payment
              issue          Issue Date         Nominal Value     First Call Date   Coupon Rate                           Frequency
              Capital         6 November        USD500            6 November        7.10% per annum for the first         Semi-annually
                Securities      2018              millions          2023               five years after issuance, and
                                                                                       re-priced every five years to a
                                                                                       rate equivalent to the five-year
                                                                                       US Treasury rate plus 4.151%
                                                                                       per annum

              Capital         29 July 2021      USD600            29 July 2026      3.25% per annum for the first         Semi-annually
                Securities                        millions                             five years after issuance, and
                                                                                       re-priced every five years to a
                                                                                       rate equivalent to the five-year
                                                                                       US Treasury rate plus2.53%
                                                                                       per annum

              Capital         22 April 2022     USD600            22 April 2027     4.80% per annum for the first         Semi-annually
                Securities                        millions                             five years after issuance, and
                                                                                       re-priced every five years to a
                                                                                       rate equivalent to the five-year
                                                                                       US Treasury rate plus2.104%
                                                                                       per annum

             CBI may, at its sole discretion, elect to cancel any payment of coupon, in whole or in part, or redeem Capital Securities
             in whole on the first call date and any subsequent coupon distribution date, where the holders of these Capital Securities
             have no right to require CBI to redeem. These Capital Securities listed above are classified as other equity instruments.

             A distribution payment of RMB463 million was paid to the holders of the Capital Securities mentioned above during
             the year ended 31 December 2022 (the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB367 million).




264   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



50 Notes to consolidated statement of cash flows
    Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2022                   2021
     Cash                                                                                       5,532                 5,694
     Cash equivalents
       — Surplus deposit reserve funds                                                      104,315                 65,571
       — Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions due
            within three months when acquired                                                 36,024                 58,293
       — Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
           institutions due within three months when acquired                                 36,219                 48,098
       — Investment securities due within three months when acquired                         125,781                 75,162
     Subtotal                                                                                302,339               247,124
     Total                                                                                   307,871               252,818


51 Commitments and contingent liabilities
    (a)      Credit commitments
             The Group’s credit commitments take the form of loan commitments, credit card commitments, financial
             guarantees, letters of credit and bank acceptances.

             Loan commitments and credit card commitments represent the undrawn amount of approved loans with signed
             contracts and credit card limits. Financial guarantees and letters of credit represent guarantees provided by the
             Group to guarantee the performance of customers to third parties. Bank acceptances comprise undertakings by
             the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group expects the majority of acceptances to be
             settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.

             The contractual amounts of credit commitments by categories are set out below. The amounts disclosed in
             respect of loan commitments and credit card commitments assume that amounts are fully drawn down. The
             amounts of guarantees, letters of credit and acceptances represent the maximum potential loss that would be
             recognized at the reporting date if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2022                   2021
              Contractual amount
              Loan commitments
                — with an original maturity within one year                                   16,319                 13,725
                — with an original maturity of one year or above                              41,642                 39,748
              Subtotal                                                                        57,961                 53,473
              Bank acceptances                                                               795,833               669,736
              Credit card commitments                                                        704,268               708,741
              Letters of guarantee issued                                                    186,617               128,866
              Letters of credit issued                                                       270,837               214,958
              Total                                                                        2,015,516             1,775,774




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     265
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      51 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
             (b)   Credit commitments analysed by credit risk weighted amount
                                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                     Credit risk weighted amount of credit commitments                             541,153               471,734

                   The credit risk weighted amount refers to the amount as computed in accordance with the rules set out by the
                   CBIRC and depends on the status of counterparties and the maturity characteristics. The risk weighting used
                   range from 0% to 150%.

             (c)   Capital commitments
                   (i)    The Group had the following authorised capital commitments in respect of property, plant and
                          equipment at the reporting date:
                                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                            For the purchase of property and equipment
                              Contracted for                                                          2,011                 1,541


             (d)   Outstanding contingencies including litigation and disputes
                   The Group has assessed and has made provisions for any probable outflow of economic benefits in relation to
                   commitments and contingent liabilities at the reporting date in accordance with its accounting policies including
                   litigation and disputes.

                   As at 31 December 2022, the Group was involved in certain potential and pending litigation as defendant with
                   gross claims of RMB577 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB1,026 million). Such contingencies, including
                   litigation and disputes, are not expected to have material impact on the financial position and operations of
                   the Bank.

             (e)   Bonds redemption obligations
                   As an underwriting agent of PRC treasury bonds, the Group has the responsibility to buy back those bonds
                   sold by it should the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any
                   time before their maturity dates is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the
                   redemption date. Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules
                   of the MOF and the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments
                   traded at the redemption date.

                   The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of treasury bonds underwritten and sold by the
                   Group, but not yet matured at the reporting date:

                                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                     Redemption commitment for PRC treasury bonds                                     2,904                 3,249




266   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



51 Commitments and contingent liabilities (continued)
    (e)   Bonds redemption obligations (continued)
          The original maturities of these bonds vary from one to five years. Management of the Group expects the amount
          of redemption before maturity dates of these bonds will not be material. The MOF will not provide funding
          for the early redemption of these bonds on a back-to-back basis, but will settle the principal and interest upon
          maturity.

    (f)   Underwriting obligations
          As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have unfulfilled commitment in respect of securities underwriting
          business (as at 31December 2021: Nil).

52 Collateral
    (a)   Assets pledged
          The carrying amount of financial assets pledged as collateral in the Group’s ordinary course of businesses,
          including repurchase agreements and borrowings from central banks, are disclosed as below:

                                                                                       31 December             31 December
                                                                                              2022                    2021
           Debt securities                                                                   368,653                341,978
           Discounted bills                                                                   69,593                 54,401
           Others                                                                                269                    178
           Total                                                                             438,515                396,557

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group’s liabilities related to the above collateral were due
          within 12 months from the effective dates of these agreements and title of these collateral was not transferred
          to counterparties.

          In addition, as at 31 December 2022, the Group pledged deposits with banks and other financial institutions
          with carrying amount totalling RMB542 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB527 million) as collateral for
          derivative transactions and guarantee funds to exchanges. Title of these pledged assets was not transferred to
          counterparties.

    (b)   Collateral accepted
          The Group received debt securities as collateral for financial assets held under resale agreements as set out in Note
          21. Under the terms of these agreements, the Group could not resell or re-pledge certain parts of these collateral
          unless in the event of default by the counterparties. As at 31 December 2022, the Group held no collateral that
          can be resold or re-pledged by the Group (as at 31 December 2021: Nil). During the year ended 31 December
          2022, the Group did not resell or re-pledge any of these collateral (year ended 31 December 2021: Nil).




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report      267
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      53 Transactions on behalf of customers
             (a)   Entrusted lending business
                   The Group provides entrusted lending business services to corporations and individuals, as well as entrusted
                   provident housing fund mortgage business services. All entrusted loans are made under the instruction or at
                   the direction of these corporations, individuals or provident housing fund centre and are funded by entrusted
                   funds from them.

                   For entrusted assets and liabilities and entrusted provident housing fund mortgage business, the Group does not
                   expose to credit risk in relation to these transactions, but acts as an agent to hold and manage these assets and
                   liabilities at the instruction of the entrusting parties and receives fee income for the services provided.

                   Entrusted assets are not assets of the Group and are not recognized on the consolidated statement of financial
                   position. Income received and receivable for providing these services is included in the consolidated statement
                   of profit or loss as fee income.

                   At the reporting date, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                  31 December         31 December
                                                                                                         2022                2021
                     Entrusted loans                                                                  305,416              306,515
                     Entrusted funds                                                                  305,417              306,516


             (b)   Wealth management services
                   As at 31 December 2022, the amount of total assets invested by these non-principal guaranteed wealth management
                   products issued by the Group was disclosed in Note 59 (b).

                   The funds raised by non-principal guaranteed wealth management products from investors are invested in various
                   investments, including debt securities and money market instruments, credit assets and other debt instruments,
                   equity instruments etc. Credit risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk associated with these products are borne
                   by the customers. The Group only earns commission which represents the charges on customers in relation to
                   the provision of custodian, sale and management services. Income is recognized in the consolidated statement
                   of profit or loss as commission income. The Group has entered into placements transactions at market interest
                   rates with the wealth management products vehicles (Note 59 (b)).

                   As at 31 December 2022, the total investment of non-principal guaranteed wealth management products managed
                   by the Group that was not included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements was disclosed in Note 59 (b).




268   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting
    Measurement of segment assets and liabilities, and segment income and expenses are based on the Group’s accounting
    policies.

    Internal charges and transfer pricing of transactions between segments are determined for management purpose and
    have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expenses arising from internal charges
    and transfer pricing adjustments are referred to as “Internal net interest income/expenses”. Interest income and expenses
    earned from third parties are referred to as “External net interest income/expenses”.

    Segment income, expense, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can
    be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment assets and liabilities do not include deferred tax assets and liabilities. Segment
    income, expenses, assets, and liabilities are determined before intra-group balances, and intra-group transactions are
    eliminated as part of the consolidation process. Segment capital expenditure is the total costs incurred during the year
    to acquire assets (including both tangible assets and intangible assets) whose estimated useful lives are over one year.

    (a)    Business segments
           The Group has the following main business segments for management purpose:

           Corporate banking
           This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to corporations, government
           agencies and non-financial institutions, as well as conducts investment banking businesses and international
           businesses. The products and services include corporate loans, deposit taking activities, agency services, remittance
           and settlement services and guarantee services.

           Personal banking
           This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to individual customers.
           The products and services comprise loans, deposit services, securities agency services, remittance and settlement
           services and guarantee services.

           Treasury business
           This segment conducts capital markets operations, inter-bank operations, which, specifically, includes inter-
           bank money market transactions, repurchase transactions, and investments and trading in debt instruments.
           Furthermore, treasury business segment also carries out derivatives and forex trading both for the Group and
           for customers.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report      269
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (continued)
             (a)   Business segments (continued)
                   Others and unallocated
                   Others comprise components of the Group that are not attributable to any of the above segments, along with
                   certain assets, liabilities, income or expenses of the Head Office that could not be allocated on a reasonable
                   basis. This segment also manages the Group’s liquidity position.

                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                    Corporate        Personal       Treasury      Others and
                                                     Banking         Banking       Operations     Unallocated            Total
                     External net interest
                       income/(expense)                41,133         102,227          37,443          (30,156)       150,647
                     Internal net interest
                       income/(expense)                39,377         (41,619)        (29,454)         31,696                 –
                     Net interest income               80,510          60,608            7,989           1,540        150,647
                     Net fee and commission
                      income                           10,813          22,787            3,120             372          37,092
                     Other net income (Note
                      (i))                              3,113           1,282          19,203             (228)         23,370
                     Operating income                  94,436          84,677          30,312            1,684        211,109
                     Operating expenses
                       — depreciation and
                            amortisation               (2,091)         (1,376)          (2,124)         (1,729)         (7,320)
                       — others                       (24,688)        (30,486)          (3,543)           (801)        (59,518)
                     Credit impairment losses         (34,550)        (35,435)          (1,323)            (51)        (71,359)
                     Impairment (losses)/gains
                       on other assets                     (79)              –               –              34             (45)
                     Revaluation gains on
                       investment properties                 –               –               –             (74)            (74)
                     Share of profit of
                       associates and joint
                       ventures                              –               –              14             609             623
                     Profit before tax                 33,028          17,380          23,336             (328)         73,416
                     Income tax                                                                                        (10,466)
                     Profit for the year                                                                                62,950
                     Capital expenditures               1,544             995            1,645           1,137           5,321




270   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (continued)
    (a)   Business segments (continued)
          Others and unallocated (continued)
                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022
                                        Corporate         Personal      Treasury      Others and
                                         Banking          Banking      Operations     Unallocated            Total
           Segment assets               2,933,628        2,207,675      2,713,020         631,868       8,486,191
           Interest in associates and
             joint ventures                         –            –            135           6,206           6,341
           Deferred tax assets                                                                             55,011
           Total asset                                                                                  8,547,543
           Segment liabilities          3,881,053        1,357,988      1,065,610       1,557,059       7,861,710
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             3
           Total liabilities                                                                            7,861,713
           Off-balance sheet credit
            commitments                 1,311,248         704,268                –               –      2,015,516

                                                             Year ended 31 December 2021
                                         Corporate        Personal      Treasury      Others and
                                          Banking         Banking      Operations     Unallocated            Total
           External net interest
             income/(expense)                  45,356     104,787          33,535         (35,782)        147,896
           Internal net interest
             income/(expense)                  35,072      (45,504)       (24,824)         35,256                –
           Net interest income                 80,428       59,283          8,711             (526)       147,896
           Net fee and commission
            income                             11,717       22,789          1,513             (149)        35,870
           Other net income (Note
            (i))                                1,911         495          16,288           2,094          20,788
           Operating income                    94,056       82,567         26,512           1,419         204,554
           Operating expenses
             — depreciation and
                  amortisation              (2,059)         (1,671)         (1,816)         (1,159)        (6,705)
             — others                      (22,901)        (28,136)         (2,480)         (2,002)       (55,519)
           Credit impairment losses        (44,026)        (30,056)         (2,786)           (137)       (77,005)
           Impairment (losses)/gains
             on other assets                      (55)           –               –              12             (43)
           Revaluation gains on
             investment properties                  –            –               –              23              23
           Share of profit of
             associates and joint
             ventures                               –            –              12            200             212
           Profit before tax                   25,015       22,704         19,442           (1,644)        65,517
           Income tax                                                                                       (9,140)
           Profit for the year                                                                             56,377
           Capital expenditures                 1,261        1,064          1,087             578            3,990




                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report    271
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (continued)
             (a)   Business segments (continued)
                   Others and unallocated (continued)
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                Corporate               Personal            Treasury            Others and
                                                                 Banking                Banking            Operations           Unallocated                     Total
                       Segment assets                           2,725,565             2,124,792             2,357,324                782,545             7,990,226
                       Interest in associates and
                         joint ventures                                     –                     –                  121                5,632                   5,753
                       Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     46,905
                       Total asset                                                                                                                       8,042,884
                       Segment liabilities                      3,847,443             1,025,781             1,032,526             1,494,500              7,400,250
                       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                  8
                       Total liabilities                                                                                                                 7,400,258
                       Off-balance sheet credit
                        commitments                             1,067,033               708,741                         –                      –         1,775,774

                   Note:


                   (i)      Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging gain and other operating income.


             (b)   Geographical segments
                   The Group operates principally in Mainland China with branches located in 31 provinces, autonomous regions
                   and municipalities. The Bank’s principal subsidiaries, CNCB Investment and CIFH are registered and operating
                   in Hong Kong. The other subsidiaries, Lin’an Rural Bank, CITIC Wealth and CFLL are registered and operating
                   in Mainland China.

                   In presenting information by geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the location of
                   the branches that generated the revenue. Segment assets and capital expenditure are allocated based on the
                   geographical location of the underlying assets.

                   Geographical segments, as defined for management reporting purposes, are as follows:

                   –        “Yangtze River Delta” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located:
                            Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Ningbo, as well as Lin’an Rural Bank and CITIC Wealth;

                   –        “Pearl River Delta and West Strait” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group
                            are located: Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Dongguan, Fuzhou, Xiamen, and Haikou;

                   –        “Bohai Rim” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Beijing,
                            Tianjin, Dalian, Qingdao, Shijiazhuang, Jinan and CFLL;

                   –        “Central” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Hefei,
                            Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Changsha, Taiyuan and Nanchang;




272   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                          (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (continued)
    (b)   Geographical segments (continued)
          –             “Western” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Chengdu,
                        Chongqing, Xi’an, Kunming, Nanning, Hohhot, Urumqi, Guiyang, Lanzhou, Xining, Yinchuan and
                        Lhasa;

          –             “North-eastern” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group is located:
                        Shenyang, Changchun and Harbin;

          –             “Head Office” refers to the headquarters of the Bank and the Credit Card Center; and

          –             “Overseas” includes all the operations of London branch, CNCB Investment, CIFH and its subsidiaries.

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                          Pearl River
                                          Yangtze River    Delta and
                                                  Delta   West Strait   Bohai Rim    Central      Western     Northeastern    Head Office   Overseas     Elimination     Total
              External net interest
                   income                       34,446        19,339          (78)   22,603        19,931           2,167         45,993      6,246               –    150,647
              Internal net interest
                   income/(expense)             (4,641)       (4,477)      20,783    (5,504)        (7,672)          (245)         1,714         42               –          –
              Net interest income               29,805        14,862       20,705    17,099        12,259           1,922         47,707      6,288               –    150,647
              Net fee and commission
                  income                         5,812         1,737        3,298     1,640         1,119             178         22,028      1,280               –     37,092
              Other net income
                  (Note (i))                     1,858           577         879        475           239              51         18,603        688               –     23,370
              Operating income                  37,475        17,176       24,882    19,214        13,617           2,151         88,338      8,256               –    211,109
              Operating expense
                — depreciation and
                     amortisation                 (947)         (786)        (899)     (654)          (733)           (202)       (2,486)       (613)             –     (7,320)
                — others                       (10,190)       (6,365)      (8,089)   (5,614)        (5,650)         (1,128)      (19,184)     (3,298)             –    (59,518)
              Credit impairment losses         (10,905)       (4,966)      (5,942)   (3,987)        (4,140)           (495)      (39,214)     (1,710)             –    (71,359)
              Impairment (losses)/gains
                  on other assets                    –             –            1       (12)           (68)              –             –         34               –        (45)
              Revaluation gains on
                  investment properties              –             –            –         –              –               –             –         (74)             –        (74)
              Share of profit/(loss) of
                  associates and joint
                  ventures                           –             –            –         –              –               –           611         12               –       623
              Profit before tax                 15,433         5,059        9,953     8,947         3,026             326         28,065      2,607               –     73,416
              Income tax                                                                                                                                               (10,466)
              Profit for the year                                                                                                                                       62,950
              Capital expenditures                 570           246         152        225           219              43          3,626        240               –      5,321




                                                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report        273
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (continued)
             (b)   Geographical segments (continued)
                                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                  Pearl River
                                                  Yangtze River    Delta and
                                                          Delta   West Strait   Bohai Rim    Central       Western     Northeastern    Head Office    Overseas    Elimination       Total
                     Segment assets                  1,883,859      989,734     1,853,384    830,699       671,733         120,001      3,386,176     452,313     (1,701,708)   8,486,191
                     Interest in associates and
                          joint ventures                     –             –            –          –              –               –         5,811         530              –       6,341
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                          55,011
                     Total assets                                                                                                                                               8,547,543
                     Segment liabilities             1,650,156      777,003     1,440,598    759,105       610,456         111,866      3,827,767     392,380     (1,707,621)   7,861,710
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                           3
                     Total liabilities                                                                                                                                          7,861,713
                     Off-balance sheet credit
                         commitments                   357,706      252,497       223,088    270,915       163,125          19,830        694,944      33,411              –    2,015,516

                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                  Pearl River
                                                  Yangtze River    Delta and
                                                          Delta   West Strait   Bohai Rim    Central       Western     Northeastern    Head Office    Overseas    Elimination       Total
                     External net interest
                          income                        26,454        16,292       (2,712)    20,612        19,019            2,673        60,293        5,265             –     147,896
                     Internal net interest
                          income/(expense)               3,442           549       23,944     (3,743)        (6,040)           (474)       (17,500)      (178)             –            –
                     Net interest income                29,896        16,841       21,232     16,869        12,979            2,199        42,793        5,087             –     147,896
                     Net fee and commission
                         income                          3,921         2,274        4,005      1,750         1,319             251         20,755        1,595             –       35,870
                     Other net income
                         (Note (i))                      1,176           387          556       (920)          802              55         17,142        1,590             –       20,788
                     Operating income                   34,993        19,502       25,793     17,699        15,100            2,505        80,690        8,272             –     204,554
                     Operating expense
                       — depreciation and
                            amortisation                  (997)         (747)        (884)      (636)          (740)           (205)        (1,927)       (569)            –       (6,705)
                       — others                        (10,045)       (5,995)      (8,136)    (5,722)        (5,164)         (1,218)       (16,298)     (2,941)            –      (55,519)
                     Credit impairment losses          (15,256)       (9,752)      (7,444)    (7,090)          (820)         (1,124)       (33,782)     (1,737)            –      (77,005)
                     Impairment (losses)/gains
                         on other assets                   (44)            –           (4)        (3)            (4)              –              –         12              –          (43)
                     Revaluation gains on
                         investment properties               –             –            –          –              –               –              –         23              –          23
                     Share of profit/(loss) of
                         associates and joint
                         ventures                            –             –            –          –              –               –           307          (95)            –         212
                     Profit before tax                   8,651         3,008        9,325      4,248         8,372              (42)       28,990        2,965             –       65,517
                     Income tax                                                                                                                                                    (9,140)
                     Profit for the year                                                                                                                                           56,377
                     Capital expenditure                   263           171          186       267            261              50           2,571        221              –        3,990




274   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                         (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (continued)
    (b)    Geographical segments (continued)
                                                                                               31 December 2021
                                                          Pearl River
                                          Yangtze River    Delta and
                                                  Delta   West Strait   Bohai Rim   Central   Western    Northeastern   Head Office   Overseas     Elimination       Total
             Segment assets                  1,786,736      936,397     1,827,646   773,844   645,367        117,419     3,306,611    379,810      (1,783,604)   7,990,226
             Interest in associates and
                  joint ventures                     –             –           –         –         –               –         5,220        533               –       5,753
             Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                   46,905
             Total assets                                                                                                                                        8,042,884
             Segment liabilities             1,608,600      841,308     1,659,295   720,486   574,805        110,552     3,322,858    318,701      (1,756,355)   7,400,250
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    8
             Total liabilities                                                                                                                                   7,400,258
             Off-balance sheet credit
                 commitments                   305,914      194,418       177,211   232,769   113,579         21,679       700,673     29,531               –    1,775,774

           Note:


           (i)          Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging gain and other operating income.


55 Financial risk management
    This section presents information about the Group’s exposure to and its management and control of risks, in particular
    the primary risks associated with its use of financial instruments:

    –      Credit risk                                Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a customer
                                                      or counterparty to meet its contractual obligations or commitments to the Group.

    –      Market risk                                Market risk arises from unfavorable changes in market prices (interest rate, exchange
                                                      rate, stock price or commodity price) that lead to a loss of on-balance sheet or off-
                                                      balance sheet business in the Group.

    –      Liquidity risk                             Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and other
                                                      payment obligations as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to sufficiently,
                                                      timely or cost-effectively acquire funds.

    –      Operational risk                           Operational risk arises from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
                                                      IT systems, or external events, such risk includes legal risk, but excluding strategic risk
                                                      and reputational risk.

    The Group has established policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, to set appropriate risk limits and
    controls, and to constantly monitor the risks and limits by means of reliable and up-to-date management information
    systems. The Group regularly modifies and enhances its risk management policies and systems to reflect changes in
    markets, products and best practice risk management processes. Internal auditors also perform regular audits to ensure
    compliance with relevant policies and procedures.




                                                                                                                                                 2022 Annual Report          275
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk
                   Credit risk management
                   Credit risk refers to the risk of loss caused by default of debtor or counterparty. Credit risk also occurs when
                   the Group makes unauthorized or inappropriate loans and advances to customers, financial commitments or
                   investments. The credit risk exposures of the Group mainly arise from the Group’s loans and advances to
                   customers, bonds, interbank business, receivables, lease receivables, other debt investments, and other on-balance
                   sheet assets, and also off-balance sheet items, such as credit commitments.

                   The Group has standardized management on the entire credit business process including loan application and
                   its investigation, approval and granting of loan, and monitoring of non-performing loans. Through strictly
                   standardized credit business process, strengthening the whole process management of pre-lending investigation,
                   credit rating and credit granting, examination and approval, loan review and post-lending monitoring, improving
                   risk mitigating impact of collateral, accelerating the collection and disposal of non-performing loans, and
                   promoting the upgrading and transformation of credit management system, the credit risk management of the
                   Group has been comprehensively improved.

                   The Group writes off financial asset when it cannot reasonably expect to recover all or part of the asset. Signs
                   indicating that the recoverable amount cannot be reasonably expected to recover include: (1) the enforcement
                   has been terminated, and (2) the Group’s recovery method is to confiscate and dispose of the collateral, but the
                   expected value of the collateral cannot cover the entire principal and interest.

                   In addition to the credit risk caused by credit assets, the Group manages the credit risk for treasury businesses
                   through prudently selecting peers and other financial institutions with comparable credit levels as counterparties,
                   balancing credit risk with returns on investment, comprehensively considering internal and external credit
                   rating information, granting credit hierarchy, and using credit management system to review and adjust credit
                   commitments on a timely basis, etc. In addition, the Group provides off-balance sheet commitment and guarantee
                   businesses to customers, so it is possible for the Group to make payment on behalf of the customer in case of
                   customer’s default and bear risks similar to the loan. Therefore, the Group applies similar risk control procedures
                   and policies to such business to reduce the credit risk.

                   Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”)
                   The Group adopts the “expected credit loss model” on its debt instruments which are classified as financial
                   assets measured at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income and off-balance sheet
                   credit assets in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9.

                   For financial assets that are included in the measurement of expected credit losses, the Group evaluates whether
                   the credit risks of related financial assets have increased significantly since the initial recognition. The impairment
                   model is used to measure their allowances for impairment losses respectively to recognize expected credit losses
                   and their movements:

                   Stage 1: Financial assets with no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition will be classified as
                   “Stage 1” and the Group continuously monitors their credit risk. The loss allowance of financial assets in Stage
                   1 is measured based on the expected credit losses in the next 12 months, which represent the proportion of the
                   lifetime expected credit losses that may arise from possible default events in the next 12 months.




276   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) (continued)
          Stage 2: If there is a significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition, the Group transfers the related
          financial assets to Stage 2, but does not consider them as credit-impaired. The expected credit losses of financial
          assets in Stage 2 are measured based on the lifetime expected credit losses.

          Stage 3: If a financial asset has shown signs of credit impairment from initial recognition, it will be moved to
          Stage 3. The expected credit losses of financial assets in Stage 3 are measured based on the lifetime expected
          credit losses.

          Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refers to financial assets that are credit-impaired at initial
          recognition. Allowance for impairment losses on these assets are the lifetime expected credit losses.

          The Group measures the ECLs of financial assets through testing models, including the risk parameters model
          and discounted cash flows model. The risk parameters model method is applicable to the financial assets in
          Stages 1 and 2. Both the risk parameter model and discounted cash flows model are applicable to the Stage 3
          financial assets.

          The discounted cash flow model is used to calculate the impairment allowance for an asset based on the regular
          forecasts of the future cash flows of the asset. At each measurement date, the Group makes forecasts of the future
          cash inflows of the asset in different periods and in different scenarios, applies probability weightings to obtain
          the weighted averages of the future cash flows, applies appropriate discount rates to the weighted averages and
          adds these discounted weighted averages to obtain the present value of the future cash inflows.

          The risk parameter model has two main components: 1) the assessment methods under the Internal Rating-Based
          (IRB) approach for key parameters, such as probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD); and 2) the
          forward-looking adjustment model for multi-scenario forecasts based on the key parameters. The expected credit
          losses of financial assets are assessed individually by measuring PDs, LGDs and forward-looking adjustments.

          The key judgments involved and assumptions adopted by the Group in assessing expected credit losses are as
          follows:

          (1)    Grouping of risks
                 According to the nature of the businesses, the Group mainly divides its financial assets into three major
                 categories, i. e., corporate assets, personal loans and credit card assets according to the asset categories, and
                 further divides them into risk groups in light of their credit risk characteristics, including the industries
                 in which the customers operate, product type and staging assessments.

          (2)    Significant increase in credit risk
                 On each balance sheet date, the Group evaluates whether the credit risk of the relevant financial
                 instruments has increased significantly since the initial recognition. When one or more quantitative or
                 qualitative thresholds are triggered, the credit risk of financial instruments would be considered as having
                 increased significantly.

                 By setting quantitative and qualitative criteria, the Group determines whether the credit risk of financial
                 instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The criteria mainly include days past
                 due, the absolute level and relative level of default probability changes, changes in credit risk classification
                 and other circumstances indicating significant changes in credit risk.




                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report      277
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) (continued)
                   (2)    Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
                          In accordance with the policies of the central government and regulatory authorities and in light of
                          its credit management needs, the Group makes prudential assessments of the repayment ability of the
                          borrowers who apply for loan extensions. To eligible borrowers, the Group provides a number of relief
                          options, including deferred repayment of interest and adjustment of repayment schedules, and at the
                          same time, the Group makes individual and collective assessments to assess whether there has been a
                          significant increase in the credit risk of these borrowers.

                   (3)    Definition of credit-impaired assets
                          When credit impairment occurred, the Group defines that the financial asset is in default. In general, a
                          financial asset that is overdue for more than 90 days is considered to be in default.

                          When one or more events that significant adversely affect the expected future cash flow of a financial
                          asset occurs, the financial asset becomes a credit-impaired financial asset. Evidence of credit-impaired
                          financial assets includes the following observable information:

                          •      The issuer or borrower is in significant financial difficulties;

                          •      The borrower is in breach of financial covenant (s) such as default or overdue in repayment of
                                 interests or principal etc.

                          •      The creditor gives the debtor concession that would not be offered otherwise, considering for
                                 economic or contractual reasons relating to the debtor’s financial difficulties;

                          •      It is becoming probably that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other debt restructuring;

                          •      An active market for that financial asset has disappeared because of financial difficulties from
                                 issuer or borrower;

                          •      Financial assets are purchased or originated at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
                                 losses.

                   (4)    Inputs for measurement of expected credit losses
                          The expected credit loss is measured on either a 12-month or lifetime basis depending on whether a
                          significant increase in credit risk has occurred or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired.
                          Related definitions are as follows:

                          •      The probability of default (“PD”) represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial
                                 obligations, either over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.

                          •      Loss given default (“LGD”) represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted
                                 exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim, and availability of
                                 collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of exposure at
                                 the time of default and is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime basis.

                          •      Exposure at default (“EAD”) is based on the amounts that the Group expects to be owned at the
                                 time of default, over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.




278   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) (continued)
          (4)    Inputs for measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
                 The Group regularly monitors and reviews the assumptions related to the calculation of ECL, including
                 the PDs for various maturities and the changes in the values of collateral over time.

                 The Group classifies exposures with similar risk characteristics into groups and collectively estimates
                 their risk parameters, including PDs, LGDs, and EADs. In 2022, based on data accumulation, the
                 Group optimized and updated the relevant models and parameters. The Group has obtained sufficient
                 information to ensure its statistical reliability. The Group makes allowances for its expected credit losses
                 based on on-going assessment of and follow-up on changes in its customers and their financial assets on
                 an individual basis.

          (5)    Forward-looking information
                 The assessment of significant increases in credit risk and the calculation of expected credit losses both
                 involve forward-looking information. Based on historical analysis, the Group has identified the key
                 economic variables impacting expected credit losses for various risk groups.

                 These economic variables have different impacts on the probabilities of default and the losses given default
                 of different risk groups. The Group makes forecasts on these economic indicators at least semi-annually.
                 In this process, the Group also resorts to expert judgment, and applies expert judgment to determine the
                 impact of these economic variables on the probabilities of default and the losses given default.

                 In addition to the neutral economic scenario, the Group determines the possible scenarios and their
                 weightings by a combination of statistical analysis and expert judgment. The Group measures expected
                 credit losses as either a probability weighted 12 months expected credit losses (Stage 1) or a probability
                 weight lifetime expected credit losses (Stage 2 and Stage 3). These probability-weighted expected credit
                 losses are determined by running each scenario through the relevant expected credit losses model and
                 multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting.

                 Macroeconomic scenario and weighting information
                 The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting credit
                 risk and ECL for each portfolio. Based on comprehensive considerations of internal and external data,
                 expert forecasts, and the best estimate of future outcomes, the Group makes regular forecasts of the
                 macro indicators in three macro-economic scenarios, i. e., the positive, neutral and negative scenarios,
                 to determine the coefficients for forward-looking adjustments. Neutral is defined as the most likely to
                 happen in the future, as compared to other scenarios. Positive scenario and negative scenario represent
                 the likely scenario that is better off or worse off as compared to the neutral scenario.

                 The Group reassessed and updated the key economic indicators affecting ECLs and their estimates during
                 the reporting period based on the latest historical data. The economic indicators currently applied in the
                 neutral scenario, including consumer price index, narrow money supply and per capita disposable income
                 of urban residents, etc., are basically consistent with the forecasts of research institutions.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report     279
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”) (continued)
                   (5)    Forward-looking information (continued)
                          Macroeconomic scenario and weighting information (continued)
                          In 2022, the Group considered different macroeconomic scenarios, and the key macroeconomic assumptions
                          used in estimating ECL are set out below:

                            Variables                                                                                        Range
                            Consumer Price Index                                                                    1.50%~3.00%
                            Narrow Money Supply (M1)                                                               0.00%~12.20%
                            Per capita Disposable Income of Urban Residents                                         5.40%~7.00%

                          Currently, the weighting of neutral scenario is equal to the sum of the weightings of other scenarios.
                          Following this assessment, the Group measures ECL as a weighted average probability of ECL in the next
                          12-month under the three scenarios for Stage 1 financial instruments; and a weighted average probability
                          of lifetime ECL for Stage 2 and 3 financial instruments.

                          Considering the portfolios that cannot be modeled by regression, such as those with extremely low default
                          rate or without appropriate internal rating data, the Group mainly adopts the expected loss ratio of similar
                          portfolios with established regression models, in order to expand the coverage of the existing ECL model.

                   (6)    Sensitivity information and management overlay
                          Changes to the inputs and forward-looking information used in ECL measurement will affect the
                          assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the measurement of expected credit losses.

                          As at 31 December 2022, assuming a 10% increase in the weighting of the optimistic scenario and a 10%
                          decrease in the weighting of the neutral scenario, the Group’s credit impairment losses would be reduced
                          by no more than 5% of the current credit impairment losses; assuming a 10% increase in the weighting
                          of the optimistic scenario and a 10% decrease in the weighting of the neutral scenario, the Group’s
                          credit impairment losses would increase by no more than 5% of the current credit impairment losses.

                          As at 31 December 2022, assuming an overall increase or decrease of 5% in the macroeconomic factors,
                          the change to the impairment loss allowances for the main credit assets of the Group and the Bank would
                          not exceed 10% of the current impairment loss allowances.

                          For risks in specific areas and the impacts of deferred principal and interest repayment and other policies
                          that have not been reflected in the model, the Group also considered and applied management overlays
                          to increase the impairment provisions to further boost its risk mitigation capacity, and the subsequent
                          increase in the impairment loss allowances did not exceed 5% of the current impairment loss allowances.

                          Allowance for impairment losses of performing loans and advances to customers consists of ECLs for
                          Stage 1 and Stage 2 assets, which represent 12 months ECL and lifetime ECL respectively. Loans and
                          advances to customers in Stage 1 transfer to Stage 2 when there is a significant increase in credit risk.
                          The following table presents the estimated impact if the ECLs of all performing loans and advances
                          to customers are measured based on 12 months ECL, assuming all other risk factors remain the same.

                                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                                      2022                   2021
                            Performing loans and advances to customers
                            Allowance of impairment losses assuming loans in stage
                              2 transfer to stage 1                                                   78,523                 69,220
                            Impact of stage transfers                                                  4,316                  3,446
                            Current allowance for impairment losses                                   82,839                 72,666



280   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure
                 The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date without taking into consideration of any
                 collateral held or other credit enhancement is represented by the net balance of each type of financial
                 assets in the consolidated statement of financial position after deducting any allowance for impairment
                 losses. A summary of the maximum exposure is as follows:

                                                                       31 December 2022
                                                                                                  Not
                                                Stage 1         Stage 2        Stage 3      applicable          Total
                  Balances with central
                    banks                      471,849                –               –              –       471,849
                  Deposits with
                    bank and non-
                    bank financial
                    institutions                 78,834               –               –              –         78,834
                  Placements with and
                    loans to banks and
                    non-bank financial
                    institutions               209,425                –               –          8,739       218,164
                  Derivative financial
                    assets                             –              –               –        44,383          44,383
                  Financial assets
                    held under resale
                    agreements                   13,730               –               –              –         13,730
                  Loans and advances to
                    customers                4,938,600          68,954          27,532           3,881     5,038,967
                  Financial investments
                    — at fair value
                         through profit
                         or loss                       –              –               –       557,594        557,594
                    — at amortised
                         cost                1,101,975            3,709         29,768               –     1,135,452
                    — at fair value
                         through other
                         comprehensive
                         income                803,583              136            976               –       804,695
                    — designated at
                          fair value
                          through other
                          comprehensive
                          income                      –               –              –           5,128          5,128
                  Other financial assets         11,513           4,484          1,303               –         17,300
                  Subtotal                   7,629,509          77,283          59,579        619,725      8,386,096
                  Credit commitments         2,014,016            1,245            255               –     2,015,516
                  Maximum credit risk
                   exposure                  9,643,525          78,528          59,834        619,725     10,401,612




                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report     281
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (continued)
                                                                                   31 December 2021
                                                                                                               Not
                                                           Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3      applicable           Total
                            Balances with central
                              banks                       429,689                 –               –               –        429,689
                            Deposits with
                              bank and non-
                              bank financial
                              institutions                107,856                 –               –               –        107,856
                            Placements with and
                              loans to banks and
                              non-bank financial
                              institutions                139,322                 –               –           4,596        143,918
                            Derivative financial
                              assets                              –               –               –         22,721           22,721
                            Financial assets
                              held under resale
                              agreements                    91,437                –               –               –          91,437
                            Loans and advances to
                              customers                 4,657,995           63,389          26,692                –      4,748,076
                            Financial investments
                              — at fair value
                                   through profit
                                   or loss                        –               –               –        495,810         495,810
                              — at amortised
                                   cost                 1,125,589           11,784          32,856                –      1,170,229
                              — at fair value
                                   through other
                                   comprehensive
                                   income                 651,067              348             442                –        651,857
                              — designated at
                                    fair value
                                    through other
                                    comprehensive
                                    income                       –               –               –            4,745           4,745
                            Other financial assets           7,410           5,166             936                –          13,512
                            Subtotal                    7,210,365           80,687          60,926         527,872       7,879,850
                            Credit commitments          1,774,949              587             238                –      1,775,774
                            Maximum credit risk
                             exposure                   8,985,314           81,274          61,164         527,872       9,655,624

                          According to the quality of assets, the Group classified the credit rating of the financial assets as risk
                          level 1, risk level 2, risk level 3 and default. “Risk level 1” refers to customers who have competitive
                          advantages among local peers with good foundations, outstanding operation results, strong operational
                          and financial strength, and/or good corporate governance structure. “Risk level 2” refers to customers
                          who are in the middle tier among local peers with fair foundations, fair operation results, fair operational
                          and financial strength, and/or fair corporate governance structure. “Risk level 3” refers to customers who
                          are in the lower-tier among local peers, with weak foundations, poor operation results, poor operational
                          and financial strength, and/or deficiency in corporate governance structure. The definition of “Default”
                          is same as the definition of credit-impaired. The credit rating is used for internal risk management.



282   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (continued)
                 The following table provides an analysis of loans and advances to customers and financial investments that
                 are included in the ECL assessment according to the credit risk level. The book value of the following
                 financial assets is the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for these assets.

                                                                                       31 December 2022
                                                                                                                    Allowance for
                                                                                                                      impairment
                                             Risk level 1   Risk level 2    Risk level 3      Default      Subtotal        losses    Net balance
                  Loans and advances to
                     customers (Note (i))
                     Stage 1                  3,893,401        992,389         113,014             –      4,998,804       (60,204)    4,938,600
                     Stage 2                      1,398         18,111          71,942             –         91,451       (22,497)       68,954
                     Stage 3                          –              –               –        75,816         75,816       (48,284)       27,532
                  Financial investments at
                     amortised cost
                     Stage 1                    745,762        356,012            2,684            –      1,104,458        (2,483)    1,101,975
                     Stage 2                          –              –            5,096            –          5,096        (1,387)        3,709
                     Stage 3 (Note (ii))              –              –                –       54,464         54,464       (24,696)       29,768
                  Financial investments
                     at fair value through
                     other comprehensive
                     income
                     Stage 1                    412,730        390,853                –            –       803,583         (1,416)      803,583
                     Stage 2                          –            136                –            –           136            (98)          136
                     Stage 3                          –              –                –          976           976         (1,203)          976
                  Maximum credit risk
                    exposure                  5,053,291      1,757,501         192,736       131,256      7,134,784      (162,268)    6,975,233

                                                                                       31 December 2021
                                                                                                                    Allowance for
                                                                                                                      impairment
                                             Risk level 1   Risk level 2    Risk level 3      Default      Subtotal         losses   Net balance
                  Loans and advances to
                     customers (Note (i))
                     Stage 1                   3,724,604       897,755           86,299             –     4,708,658       (50,663)    4,657,995
                     Stage 2                       1,220        16,044           67,782             –        85,046       (21,657)       63,389
                     Stage 3                           –             –                –        75,329        75,329       (48,637)       26,692
                  Financial investments at
                     amortised cost
                     Stage 1                    810,282        313,915            5,613             –     1,129,810        (4,221)    1,125,589
                     Stage 2                      3,225          2,554           10,081             –        15,860        (4,076)       11,784
                     Stage 3 (Note (ii))              –            810              676        49,800        51,286       (18,430)       32,856
                  Financial investments
                     at fair value through
                     other comprehensive
                     income
                     Stage 1                    353,764        297,303                –            –       651,067           (976)      651,067
                     Stage 2                          –            189              159            –           348           (158)          348
                     Stage 3                          –            431                –           11           442         (1,253)          442
                  Maximum credit risk
                    exposure                   4,893,095      1,529,001        170,610        125,140     6,717,846      (150,071)    6,570,162

                                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report       283
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (continued)
                          Note:


                          (i)      Loans and advances to customers include loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                   and its corresponding impairment are not included in the “Allowance for impairment losses” as shown in the table.


                          (ii)     Claims in Stage 3 mainly represent investment management products and trust investment plans (Note 55 (a)(viii)).


                   (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses
                          The following table shows the movement in carrying value of loans and advances to customers in current
                          reporting period:

                                                                                                              31 December 2022
                                                                                                  Stage 1                    Stage 2                    Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2022                                              4,708,658                       85,046                     75,329
                            Movements
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                                   (109,279)                           –                          –
                              Net transfers into Stage 2                                              –                       28,507                          –
                              Net transfers into Stage 3                                              –                            –                     80,772
                            Net transactions during the year
                              (Note (i))                                                        380,470                     (23,863)                   (23,508)
                            Write-off                                                                 –                           –                    (57,791)
                            Others (Note (ii))                                                   18,955                       1,761                      1,014
                            As at 31 December 2022                                            4,998,804                       91,451                     75,816

                                                                                                               31 December 2021
                                                                                                  Stage 1                     Stage 2                    Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2021                                              4,296,618                     103,565                      78,592
                            Movements
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                                     (74,178)                           –                         –
                              Net transfers into Stage 2                                               –                          862                         –
                              Net transfers into Stage 3                                               –                            –                    73,316
                            Net transactions during the year
                              (Note (i))                                                         489,006                     (17,357)                   (13,132)
                            Write-off                                                                  –                           –                    (64,161)
                            Others (Note (ii))                                                    (2,788)                     (2,024)                       714
                                 As at 31 December 2021                                       4,708,658                       85,046                     75,329




284   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (ii)    Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
                  The following table shows the movement in carrying value of financial investment in current reporting
                  period:

                                                                                                         31 December 2022
                                                                                            Stage 1                     Stage 2                  Stage 3
                    As at 1 January 2022                                                1,780,877                        16,208                   51,728
                    Movements
                      Net transfers out from Stage 1                                         (3,525)                          –                        –
                      Net transfers out from Stage 2                                              –                      (7,376)                       –
                      Net transfers into Stage 3                                                  –                           –                   10,901
                    Net transactions during the year
                      (Note (i))                                                          121,588                        (3,412)                  (5,634)
                    Write-off                                                                   –                             –                   (1,558)
                    Others (Note (ii))                                                      9,101                          (188)                       3
                    As at 31 December 2022                                              1,908,041                            5,232                55,440

                                                                                                         31 December 2021
                                                                                            Stage 1                      Stage 2                  Stage 3
                    As at 1 January 2021                                                1,664,435                            4,450                28,425
                    Movements
                      Net transfers out from Stage 1                                       (21,955)                           –                         –
                      Net transfers into Stage 2                                                 –                       13,928                         –
                      Net transfers into Stage 3                                                 –                            –                     8,027
                    Net transactions during the year
                      (Note (i))                                                           142,085                       (2,109)                  22,305
                    Write-off                                                                    –                            –                   (7,042)
                    Others (Note (ii))                                                      (3,688)                         (61)                      13
                    As at 31 December 2021                                              1,780,877                        16,208                   51,728

                  Notes:


                  (i)      Net transactions during the year mainly include changes in carrying amount due to purchase, origination or derecognition (excluding
                           write-offs).


                  (ii)     Others include changes in accrued interest, and effect of exchange differences during the year.




                                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report          285
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
                          The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of loans and advances to customers
                          in current reporting period:

                                                                                         31 December 2022
                                                                              Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2022                              51,215              21,686              48,805
                            Movements (Note (i))
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                   (2,776)                 –                   –
                              Net transfers into Stage 2                            –              3,011                   –
                              Net transfers into Stage 3                            –                  –              33,661
                            Net transactions during the year
                              (Note (ii))                                       5,338              (4,560)           (14,373)
                            Changes in parameters for the year
                              (Note (iii))                                      7,408                498              27,579
                            Write-off                                               –                  –             (57,791)
                            Others (Note (iv))                                   (458)             1,889              10,482
                            As at 31 December 2022                            60,727              22,524              48,363

                                                                                         31 December 2021
                                                                              Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2021                               43,734             29,527              52,990
                            Movements (Note (i))
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                     (925)                  –                  –
                              Net transfers out from Stage 2                        –              (4,157)                 –
                              Net transfers into Stage 3                            –                   –             45,597
                            Net transactions during the year
                              (Note (ii))                                       7,492              (5,892)           (10,568)
                            Changes in parameters for the year
                              (Note (iii))                                        583               2,330             15,768
                            Write-off                                               –                   –            (64,161)
                            Others (Note (iv))                                    331                (122)             9,179
                            As at 31 December 2021                             51,215             21,686              48,805




286   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (ii)    Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
                  The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of financial investment in current
                  reporting period:

                                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                                         Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3
                    As at 1 January 2022                                  5,197               4,234              19,683
                    Movements (Note (i))
                      Net transfers out from Stage 1                       (209)                  –                   –
                      Net transfers out from Stage 2                          –              (2,184)                  –
                      Net transfers into Stage 3                              –                   –               6,436
                    Net transactions during the year
                      (Note (ii))                                           160                (630)              (2,313)
                    Changes in parameters for the year
                      (Note (iii))                                       (1,200)                 56                1,695
                    Write-off                                                 –                   –               (1,558)
                    Others (Note (iv))                                      (49)                  9                1,956
                    As at 31 December 2022                                3,899               1,485              25,899

                                                                                    31 December 2021
                                                                         Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3
                    As at 1 January 2021                                   4,881                501              11,039
                    Movements (Note (i))
                      Net transfers out from Stage 1                        (764)                 –                    –
                      Net transfers into Stage 2                               –              3,669                    –
                      Net transfers into Stage 3                               –                  –                2,516
                    Net transactions during the year
                      (Note (ii))                                           293                 119              15,092
                    Changes in parameters for the year
                      (Note (iii))                                          (201)                (55)             (1,917)
                    Write-off                                                  –                   –              (7,042)
                    Others (Note (iv))                                       988                   –                  (5)
                    As at 31 December 2021                                 5,197              4,234              19,683

                  Notes:


                  (i)      Movements in allowance for impairment during the year mainly include the impact of stage
                           changes on the measurement of ECLs.

                  (ii)     Net transactions during the year mainly include changes in allowance for impairment due to
                           financial assets purchased, newly originated or derecognized (excluding write-offs).

                  (iii)    Changes in parameters mainly include changes in risk exposures and the impacts on ECLs due to
                           changes in PDs and LGDs following regular updates on modelling parameters rather than stages
                           movements,.

                  (iv)     Others include recovery of loans written off, changes of impairment losses of accrued interest,
                           and effect of exchange differences.




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report   287
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   (iii)   Loans and advances to customers analysed by industry sector
                                                                   31 December 2022                      31 December 2021
                                                                                  Loans and                             Loans and
                                                                                    advances                              advances
                                                               Gross              secured by        Gross               secured by
                                                              balance        %      collateral     balance         %      collateral
                            Corporate loans
                              — rental and business
                                  services                   491,301        9.5       193,562     456,182         9.4       190,503
                              — manufacturing                419,507        8.1       171,117     356,129         7.3       157,536
                              — water, environment
                                   and public utility
                                   management                413,399        8.0       129,983     381,182         7.8       139,983
                              — real estate                  277,173        5.4       229,939     284,801         5.7       250,846
                              — wholesale and retail         177,612        3.4        95,000     163,489         3.4        96,194
                              — transportation, storage
                                  and postal services        149,891        2.9        79,475     144,053         3.0        82,216
                              — construction                 103,335        2.0        54,426     105,633         2.2        61,730
                              — production and supply
                                   of electric power, gas
                                   and water                  89,609        1.7        41,650      84,351         1.7        44,461
                              — public management
                                   and social
                                   organisations               8,409        0.2         1,930       7,898         0.2         3,284
                              — others                       393,780        7.6       117,284     352,461         7.2       118,173
                            Subtotal                        2,524,016      48.8   1,114,366      2,336,179       47.9   1,144,926
                            Personal loans                  2,116,910      41.0   1,423,097      2,053,824       42.2   1,366,920
                            Discounted bills                  511,846       9.9           –        465,966        9.6           –
                            Accrued interest                   17,180       0.3           –         13,064        0.3           –
                            Total                           5,169,952     100.0   2,537,463      4,869,033      100.0   2,511,846

                   (iv)    Loans and advances to customers analysed by geographical sector
                                                                   31 December 2022                      31 December 2021
                                                                                  Loans and                             Loans and
                                                                                    advances                              advances
                                                               Gross              secured by        Gross               secured by
                                                              balance        %      collateral     balance         %      collateral
                            Bohai Rim (including Head
                              Office)                       1,400,562      27.2       442,754    1,325,105       27.2       437,932
                            Yangtze River Delta             1,381,673      26.7       721,324    1,256,155       25.8       701,187
                            Pearl River Delta and West
                              Strait                         731,224       14.1       498,620     733,840        15.1       527,719
                            Central                          730,240       14.1       390,082     672,083        13.8       370,042
                            Western                          598,729       11.6       330,962     573,221        11.8       325,598
                            Northeastern                      87,630        1.7        57,244      92,254         1.9        61,529
                            Outside Mainland China           222,714        4.3        96,477     203,311         4.1        87,839
                            Accrued interest                  17,180        0.3             –      13,064         0.3             –
                            Total                           5,169,952     100.0   2,537,463      4,869,033      100.0   2,511,846




288   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (v)     Loans and advances to customers analysed by type of security

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2022                   2021
                   Unsecured loans                                                        1,384,754              1,292,209
                   Guaranteed loans                                                         718,709                585,948
                   Secured loans                                                          2,537,463              2,511,846
                     — loans secured by collateral                                        2,018,796              1,963,710
                     — pledged loans                                                        518,667                548,136
                   Subtotal                                                               4,640,926              4,390,003
                   Discounted bills                                                         511,846                465,966
                   Accrued interest                                                          17,180                 13,064
                   Total                                                                  5,169,952              4,869,033

          (vi)    Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                         31 December 2022                       31 December 2021
                                                                   % of total loans                        % of total loans
                                                  Gross balance      and advances         Gross balance      and advances
                   Rescheduled loans and
                     advances:                            12,511              0.24%              16,182              0.33%
                     — rescheduled loans
                         and advances
                         overdue more than
                         3 months                          5,695              0.11%               5,795              0.12%

                  Rescheduled loans and advances are those loans and advances to customers which have been restructured
                  or renegotiated because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrowers, or of the inability of
                  the borrower to meet the original repayment schedule and for which the revised repayment terms are a
                  concession that the Group would not otherwise consider. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s concession
                  given under renegotiation with borrowers or court rulings as a result of deterioration in financial position
                  of borrowers is not significant.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     289
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (continued)
                   (vii)   Debt securities analysed by credit rating
                           The Group adopts a credit rating approach to manage credit risk of its debt instruments portfolio. The
                           ratings are obtained from major rating agencies where the debt instruments are issued. The carrying
                           amounts of debt instruments investments analysed by rating as at the end of the reporting period are
                           as follows:

                                                                                                        31 December 2022
                                                                     Unrated               AAA                AA                 A       Below A              Total
                                                                    (Note (i))
                             Debt securities issued by:
                               — governments                          884,388          236,364           40,794            3,965                  –       1,165,511
                               — policy banks                          81,966                –                –            7,661                  –          89,627
                               — public entities                            –                –            1,308                –                  –           1,308
                               — banks and non-bank
                                    financial institutions              77,584         337,801            6,270           17,645            4,257          443,557
                               — corporates                             25,519          43,702           25,746           10,576           11,376          116,919
                             Investment management
                               products managed by
                               securities companies                    31,593                   –               –                –                –         31,593
                             Trust investment plans                   207,865                   –               –                –                –        207,865
                             Total                                  1,308,915          617,867           74,118           39,847           15,633         2,056,380

                                                                                                        31 December 2021
                                                                      Unrated              AAA                AA                 A       Below A              Total
                                                                     (Note (i))
                             Debt securities issued by:
                               — governments                          711,168          200,214           22,602             6,308               10         940,302
                               — policy banks                         130,839                –                –             7,046                –         137,885
                               — public entities                            –                –            1,690                 1                –           1,691
                               — banks and non-bank
                                    financial institutions              76,984         351,851             5,525          23,478            6,535          464,373
                               — corporates                             59,823          14,722             9,310          12,329            7,306          103,490
                             Investment management
                               products managed by
                               securities companies                    42,884                   –               –                –                –         42,884
                             Trust investment plans                   220,821                   –               –                –                –        220,821
                             Total                                  1,242,519          566,787           39,127           49,162           13,851         1,911,446

                           Note:


                           (i)       Unrated debt securities held by the Group are primarily bonds issued by the Chinese government, policy banks, banks, non-bank
                                     financial institutions, investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans.




290   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (continued)
          (viii) Investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans analysed
                  by type of underlying assets
                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                             2022                    2021
                   Investment management products managed by securities
                     companies and trust investment plans
                     — credit assets                                                        262,447                285,183
                     — rediscounted bills                                                         –                     24
                   Total                                                                    262,447                285,207

                 The Group puts investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment
                 plans into comprehensive credit management system, to manage its credit risk exposure in a holistic
                 manner. The type of security of credit assets includes guarantee, secured by collateral, and pledge.

    (b)   Market risk
          Market risk refers to risks that may cause a loss of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet businesses for the Group
          due to the adverse movement of market prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, stock prices and
          commodity prices. The Group has established a market risk management system that formulates procedures to
          identify, measure, supervision and control market risks. This system aims to limit market risk to an acceptable
          level through examining and approving new products and limit management.

          Management of the Group is responsible for approving market risk management policies, establishing appropriate
          organizational structure and information systems to effectively identify, measure, monitor and control market
          risks, and ensuring adequate resources to reinforce the market risk management. The Risk Management
          Department is responsible for independently managing and controlling market risks of the Group, including
          developing market risk management policies and authorization limits, providing independent report of market
          risk to identify, measure and monitor the Group’s market risk. Business departments are responsible for the
          day-to-day management of market risks, including effectively identifying, measuring, controlling market risk
          factors associated with the relevant operations, so as to ensure the dynamic balance between business development
          and risk undertaking.

          The Group uses sensitivity analysis, foreign exchange exposure and interest rate re-pricing gap analysis as the
          primary instruments to monitor market risk.

          Interest rate risk and currency risk are the major market risks that the Group is exposed to.

          Interest rate risk
          The Group’s interest rate exposures mainly arise from the mismatching of assets and liabilities’ re-pricing dates,
          as well as the effect of interest rate volatility on trading positions.

          The Group primarily uses gap analysis to assess and monitor its re-pricing risk and adjust the ratio of floating
          and fixed rate exposures, the loan re-pricing cycle, as well as optimization of the term structure of its deposits
          accordingly.




                                                                                                         2022 Annual Report      291
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (b)   Market risk (continued)
                   Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The Group implements various methods, such as duration analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and scenario
                   simulation, to measure, manage and report the interest rate risk on a regular basis.

                   The following tables summarise the average interest rates, and the next re-pricing dates or contractual maturity
                   date whichever is earlier for the assets and liabilities as at the end of each reporting date.

                                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                                                         Between
                                                          Average                   Non-     Less than      three      Between
                                                      interest rate               interest       three months and       one and    More than
                                                        (Note (i))        Total   bearing      months    one year     five years    five years
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                              1.50%       477,381      7,705     469,676             –           –             –
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions        1.75%        78,834      3,090      39,442      36,302             –             –
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions             2.49%       218,164      1,048      67,007     108,371       41,738              –
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                  1.45%        13,730          5      13,725             –           –             –
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))              4.81%      5,038,967    17,331    2,665,381   1,596,021     733,001        27,233
                     Financial investments
                        — at fair value through
                             profit or loss                             557,594   435,561      70,773      28,234        8,464        14,562
                        — at amortised cost                3.55%      1,135,452         –      87,626     259,083      556,979       231,764
                        — at fair value through
                             other comprehensive
                             income                        2.66%       804,695       478      146,837     122,169      382,895       152,316
                        — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income                        5,128      5,128           –             –           –             –
                     Others                                            217,598    217,598           –             –           –             –
                     Total assets                                     8,547,543   687,944    3,560,467   2,150,180    1,723,077      425,875




292   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (b)   Market risk (continued)
          Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                              31 December 2022
                                                                                                        Between
                                                     Average                      Non-      Less than      three       Between
                                                 interest rate                  interest        three months and        one and    More than
                                                   (Note (i))        Total      bearing       months    one year      five years    five years
           Liabilities
           Borrowing from central banks               2.94%       119,422             –       20,917       98,505             –             –
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions             2.09%      1,143,776        4,908      814,885      323,983             –             –
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                            2.41%        70,741          162        49,080       19,992        1,507              –
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                                1,546             2             4            13        125          1,402
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                   2.00%        256,194           75      247,237        8,882            –             –
           Deposits from customers                    2.06%      5,157,864       82,696    3,493,074      781,501      800,591             2
           Debt securities issued                     2.80%        975,206        3,968      264,606      486,864      129,781        89,987
           Lease liabilities                          4.51%         10,272        3,066          170          251        2,827         3,958
           Others                                                  126,692      126,692            –            –            –             –
           Total liabilities                                     7,861,713      221,569    4,889,973     1,719,991     934,831        95,349
           Interest rate gap                                      685,830       466,375    (1,329,506)    430,189      788,246       330,526




                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report       293
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (b)   Market risk (continued)
                   Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                                   31 December 2021
                                                                                                             Between
                                                          Average                                Less than      three     Between
                                                      interest rate               Non-interest       three months and one and five    More than
                                                        (Note (i))        Total       bearing     months     one year        years     five years
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                              1.49%       435,383          8,572     426,811             –          –             –
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions        1.94%       107,856          2,791      75,277      29,788            –             –
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions             1.90%       143,918            769      71,334      64,116        7,699             –
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                  1.96%        91,437             12      91,425             –          –             –
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))              4.99%      4,748,076        13,280    2,663,724   1,844,362     217,090         9,620
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                            profit or loss                              495,810       410,613      33,403      40,773        6,638        4,383
                       — at amortised cost                 3.71%      1,170,229             –      75,128     222,424      604,747      267,930
                       — at fair value through
                            other comprehensive
                            income                         3.11%       651,857            406     107,031     127,233      281,829      135,358
                       — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income                        4,745          4,745           –             –          –             –
                     Others                                            193,573        193,573           –             –          –             –
                     Total assets                                     8,042,884       634,761    3,544,133   2,328,696    1,118,003     417,291




294   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (b)   Market risk (continued)
          Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                                     Between
                                                       Average                                           Less than      three     Between
                                                   interest rate                    Non-interest             three months and one and five                 More than
                                                     (Note (i))            Total        bearing           months     one year        years                  five years
            Liabilities
            Borrowing from central banks                 3.00%          189,198                  –         12,080          177,118                  –               –
            Deposits from banks and non-
               bank financial institutions               2.45%        1,174,763             5,631         830,100          339,032                  –               –
            Placements from banks
               and non-bank financial
               institutions                              2.39%            78,331              240          29,115           36,848           11,670               458
            Financial liabilities at fair value
               through profit or loss                                      1,164              536                 5              17              173              433
            Financial assets sold under
               repurchase agreements                     2.17%           98,339                5           48,829           49,505                –                –
            Deposits from customers                      2.00%        4,789,969           79,161        3,311,239          747,458          652,075               36
            Debt securities issued                       3.16%          958,203            3,360          182,746          557,874          104,249          109,974
            Lease liabilities                            4.46%            9,816            3,695              404            1,077            3,611            1,029
            Others                                                      100,475          100,475                –                –                –                –
            Total liabilities                                         7,400,258          193,103        4,414,518       1,908,929           771,778          111,930
            Interest rate gap                                           642,626          441,658         (870,385)         419,767          346,225          305,361

          Notes:


          (i)      Average interest rate represents the ratio of interest income/expense to average interest bearing assets/liabilities during the year.


          (ii)     For loans and advances to customers, the “Less than three months” category includes overdue amounts (net of allowance for impairment losses)
                   of RMB34,823 million as at 31 December 2022 (as at 31 December 2021: RMB40,153 million)




                                                                                                                                             2022 Annual Report          295
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (b)   Market risk (continued)
                   Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the Group’s
                   net interest income. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate sensitivity analysis as
                   at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

                                                                  31 December 2022                       31 December 2021
                                                                                    Other                                   Other
                                                             Net interest    comprehensive           Net interest    comprehensive
                                                                 income            income                income            income
                     +100 basis points                            (10,068)            (6,517)             (5,556)             (5,765)
                     –100 basis points                             10,068              6,517               5,556               5,765

                   This sensitivity analysis is based on a static interest rate risk profile of the Group’s non-derivative assets and
                   liabilities and certain assumptions as discussed below. The analysis measures only the impact of changes in interest
                   rates within one year, showing how annualized interest income would have been affected by repricing of the
                   Group’s non-derivative assets and liabilities within the one-year period. The analysis is based on the following
                   assumptions: (i) all assets and liabilities that reprice or mature within the three months bracket, and the beyond
                   three months but within one year bracket both are repriced or mature at the beginning of the respective periods,
                   (ii) it does not reflect the potential impact of unparalleled yield curve movements, and (iii) there are no other
                   changes to the portfolio, all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take
                   into account the effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted,
                   actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income resulted from increases or
                   decreases in interest rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.

                   Currency risk
                   Currency risk arises from the potential change of exchange rates that cause a loss to the on-balance sheet and
                   off-balance sheet business of the Group. The Group measures its currency risk with foreign currency exposures,
                   and manages its currency risk by spot and forward foreign exchange transactions and matching its foreign
                   currency denominated assets with corresponding liabilities in the same currency, as well as using derivative
                   financial instruments, mainly foreign exchange swaps, to manage its exposure.




296   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (b)   Market risk (continued)
          Currency risk (continued)
          The exposures at the reporting date were as follows:

                                                                             31 December 2022
                                                     RMB           USD                   HKD         Others           Total
                                                                  (RMB                  (RMB          (RMB
                                                             equivalent)           equivalent)   equivalent)
           Assets
           Cash and balances with central
              banks                               460,550         15,991                  653           187         477,381
           Deposits with banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          53,989         15,928                4,453         4,464          78,834
           Placements with and loans
              to banks and non-bank
              financial institutions              172,752         34,443                9,020         1,949         218,164
           Financial assets held under
              resale agreements                    11,950          1,780                    –             –          13,730
           Loans and advances to
              customers                          4,732,459       160,506              118,379        27,623       5,038,967
           Financial investments
             — at fair value through
                  profit or loss                   535,552        17,131                4,911             –         557,594
             — at amortised cost                 1,122,942         8,356                    –         4,154       1,135,452
             — at fair value through
                  other comprehensive
                  income                          671,715         94,174               25,881        12,925         804,695
             — designated at fair
                   value through other
                   comprehensive income             4,719            148                  261             –           5,128
           Others                                 201,395          9,833                5,735           635         217,598
           Total assets                          7,968,023       358,290              169,293        51,937       8,547,543
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks          119,422               –                   –             –         119,422
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions        1,132,064        10,660                  198           854       1,143,776
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                         48,566         20,397                1,336           442          70,741
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                   99          1,446                    1             –           1,546
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                251,685         4,509                    –             –         256,194
           Deposits from customers               4,721,203       252,574              159,353        24,734       5,157,864
           Debt securities issued                  959,984        15,085                  137             –         975,206
           Lease liabilities                         9,395           754                    1           122          10,272
           Others                                  120,517         3,449                2,438           288         126,692
           Total liabilities                     7,362,935       308,874              163,464        26,440       7,861,713
           Net on-balance sheet position          605,088         49,416                5,829        25,497         685,830
           Credit commitments                    1,912,368        87,219                6,125         9,804       2,015,516
           Derivatives (Note (i))                  37,956         (55,048)             32,009       (26,305)        (11,388)



                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   297
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (b)   Market risk (continued)
                   Currency risk (continued)
                                                                                        31 December 2021
                                                               RMB                USD              HKD            Others         Total
                                                                       (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent)
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                               382,871             51,510              804              198      435,383
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions          70,143             23,915           11,180             2,618     107,856
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions              100,185             28,129           12,172             3,432     143,918
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                    90,698                739                –                 –      91,437
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers                          4,446,030           163,882          114,163            24,001    4,748,076
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                            profit or loss                   482,979            10,065            2,715                51      495,810
                       — at amortised cost                 1,165,064               903                –             4,262    1,170,229
                       — at fair value through
                            other comprehensive
                            income                          553,366             70,127           18,369             9,995     651,857
                       — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income             4,371                188              186                 –       4,745
                     Others                                 185,921              1,405            3,795             2,452     193,573
                     Total assets                          7,481,628           350,863          163,384            47,009    8,042,884
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowings from central banks          189,198                  –                –                 –     189,198
                     Deposits from banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions        1,164,797             8,726              888              352     1,174,763
                     Placements from banks
                        and non-bank financial
                        institutions                         48,645             26,434            2,113             1,139      78,331
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                        through profit or loss                  531                632                1                 –       1,164
                     Financial assets sold under
                        repurchase agreements                 97,620               719                –                 –       98,339
                     Deposits from customers               4,383,814           232,064          151,483            22,608    4,789,969
                     Debt securities issued                  938,154            20,049                –                 –      958,203
                     Lease liabilities                         9,265                 8              398               145        9,816
                     Others                                   95,541             2,383            2,278               273      100,475
                     Total liabilities                     6,927,565           291,015          157,161            24,517    7,400,258
                     Net on-balance sheet position          554,063             59,848            6,223            22,492     642,626
                     Credit commitments                    1,667,967            90,203            6,718            10,886    1,775,774
                     Derivatives (Note (i))                  21,592            (43,585)          27,912            (5,001)        918




298   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (b)   Market risk (continued)
          Currency risk (continued)
          Note:


          (i)     Derivatives represent the net notional amount of currency derivatives, including undelivered foreign exchange spot, foreign exchange forward,
                  foreign exchange swap and currency option.


          The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange
          rates on the Group’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The following table sets forth, as at 31
          December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the results of the Group’s foreign exchange rate sensitivity analysis.

                                                                     31 December 2022                                   31 December 2021
                                                                                           Other                                               Other
                                                               Profit before        comprehensive                                       comprehensive
                                                                         tax              income Profit before tax                            income
            5% appreciation                                             1,613                        (43)                  3,390                          4
            5% depreciation                                            (1,613)                        43                  (3,390)                        (4)

          This sensitivity analysis is based on a static foreign exchange exposure profile of assets and liabilities and certain
          assumptions as follows: (i) the foreign exchange sensitivity is the gain and loss realised as a result of 500 basis
          point fluctuation in the foreign currency exchange rates against RMB at the reporting date; (ii) the exchange
          rates against RMB for all foreign currencies change in the same direction simultaneously and does not take
          into account the correlation effect of changes in different foreign currencies; and (iii) the foreign exchange
          exposures calculated include both spot foreign exchange exposures, foreign exchange derivative instruments,
          and; all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take into account the
          effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted, actual changes in
          the Group’s profit and other comprehensive income resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
          rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis. Precious metal is included in foreign currency for
          the purpose of this sensitivity analysis.

    (c)   Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and other payment obligations
          as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to sufficiently, timely or cost-effectively acquire funds. The
          Group’s liquidity risk arises mainly from the mismatch of assets to liabilities and customers may concentrate
          their withdrawals.

          The Group has implemented overall liquidity risk management on the entity level. The headquarters has the
          responsibility for developing the entire Group’s liquidity risk policies, strategies, and implements centralised
          management of liquidity risk on the entity level. The domestic and foreign affiliates develop their own liquidity
          policies and procedures within the Group’s liquidity strategy management framework, based on the requirements
          of relevant regulatory bodies.

          The Group manages liquidity risk by setting various indicators and operational limits according to the overall
          position of the Group’s assets and liabilities, with referencing to market condition. The Group holds assets
          with high liquidity to meet unexpected and material demand for payments in the ordinary course of business.




                                                                                                                                    2022 Annual Report            299
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   The tools that the Group uses to measure and monitor liquidity risk mainly include:

                   –          Liquidity gap analysis;

                   –          Liquidity indicators (including but not limited to regulated and internal managed indicators, such as
                              liquidity coverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, loan-to-deposit ratio, liquidity ratio, liquidity gap rate,
                              excess reserves rate) monitoring;

                   –          Scenario analysis;

                   –          Stress testing.

                   On this basis, the Group establishes regular reporting mechanisms for liquidity risk to report the latest situation
                   of liquidity risk to the senior management on a timely basis.

                   Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities:

                                                                                         31 December 2022
                                                                                Between
                                                                                   three      Between
                                                         Repayable   Within 3 months and       one and    More than
                                                        on demand     months    one year     five years    five years    Undated         Total
                                                                                                                        (Note (i))
                       Assets
                       Cash and balances with central
                          banks                           110,572           –       1,693            –             –     365,116      477,381
                       Deposits with banks and non-
                          bank financial institutions      38,772       3,496      36,566            –             –            –      78,834
                       Placements with and loans
                          to banks and non-bank
                          financial institutions                –      67,838     108,588      41,738              –            –     218,164
                       Financial assets held under
                          resale agreements                     –      13,730           –            –             –            –      13,730
                       Loans and advances to
                          customers (Note (ii))            20,458     855,226    1,238,912   1,139,067    1,736,343       48,961     5,038,967
                       Financial investments
                         — at fair value through
                              profit or loss                    –      71,505      28,237       8,481         5,377      443,994       557,594
                         — at amortised cost                    –      67,441     255,615     552,436       229,916       30,044     1,135,452
                         — at fair value through
                              other comprehensive
                              income                            –     140,796     123,462     387,261       149,933         3,243     804,695
                         — designated at fair
                               value through other
                               comprehensive income             –           –           –           –              –       5,128        5,128
                       Others                              40,857      30,382      12,437      68,494          2,167      63,261      217,598
                       Total assets                       210,659    1,250,414   1,805,510   2,197,477    2,123,736      959,747     8,547,543




300   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
          Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (continued)

                                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                                          Between
                                                                             three       Between
                                                  Repayable    Within 3 months and        one and    More than
                                                 on demand      months    one year      five years    five years    Undated         Total
                                                                                                                   (Note (i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                  –      20,917        98,505           –             –            –     119,422
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          582,376      235,726       325,674           –             –            –    1,143,776
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                                –      46,226        24,052        463              –            –      70,741
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                      –           4           14         126          1,402            –       1,546
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                       –      247,312        8,882          –             –            –       256,194
           Deposits from customers                2,385,973    1,188,967      782,255    800,667             2            –     5,157,864
           Debt securities issued                         –      265,317      482,743    135,930        91,216            –       975,206
           Lease liabilities                          3,006          718        1,977      3,527         1,015           29        10,272
           Others                                    50,723       20,801       16,205     25,769         2,321       10,873       126,692
           Total liabilities                      3,022,078    2,025,988    1,740,307    966,482        95,956       10,902     7,861,713
           (Short)/Long position                 (2,811,419)   (775,574)       65,203   1,230,995    2,027,780      948,845      685,830




                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report     301
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (continued)

                                                                                       31 December 2021
                                                                              Between
                                                                                 three     Between
                                                       Repayable   Within 3 months and one and five    More than
                                                      on demand     months    one year        years     five years     Undated         Total
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                            71,923           –           –           –              –     363,460      435,383
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions      54,374      23,341      30,141           –              –            –     107,856
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                –      72,103      64,116       7,699              –            –     143,918
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                     –      91,437           –           –              –            –      91,437
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))            11,426     997,671     992,765     904,343       1,780,784     61,087     4,748,076
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                            profit or loss                    –      32,650      43,014       9,115          4,462     406,569       495,810
                       — at amortised cost                    –      56,286     221,575     592,111        265,848      34,409     1,170,229
                       — at fair value through
                            other comprehensive
                            income                            –      97,555     132,045     286,462        135,362          433     651,857
                       — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income             –            –           –          –              –       4,745        4,745
                     Others                              66,020        9,705       5,786     52,585            116      59,361      193,573
                     Total assets                       203,743    1,380,748   1,489,442   1,852,315      2,186,572    930,064     8,042,884




302   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                            (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
          Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (continued)

                                                                                     31 December 2021
                                                                          Between
                                                                             three     Between
                                                  Repayable    Within 3 months and one and five       More than
                                                 on demand      months    one year        years        five years    Undated         Total
                                                                                                                    (Note (i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                  –      12,104        177,094           –             –            –     189,198
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          744,501       87,620        342,642           –             –            –    1,174,763
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                                –      37,300         38,409       2,622             –            –      78,331
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                    25             5            17         681           436            –       1,164
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                      –        48,834        49,505           –             –           –        98,339
           Deposits from customers               2,366,158     1,024,143       747,650     651,977            41           –     4,789,969
           Debt securities issued                        –       182,746       557,880     105,827       111,750           –       958,203
           Lease liabilities                         3,655           408         1,090       3,635         1,028           –         9,816
           Others                                   50,740         7,347         8,310      18,579         1,071      14,428       100,475
           Total liabilities                     3,165,079     1,400,507     1,922,597     783,321       114,326      14,428     7,400,258
           (Short)/Long position                 (2,961,336)     (19,759)     (433,155)   1,068,994     2,072,246    915,636      642,626




                                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report     303
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
                   disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow:

                                                                                       31 December 2022
                                                                              Between
                                                                                 three      Between
                                                       Repayable   Within 3 months and       one and    More than
                                                      on demand     months    one year     five years    five years    Undated         Total
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))
                     Non-derivative cash flow
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                           110,573       1,501       6,534            –             –     365,115      483,723
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions      38,772       3,750      37,373            –             –            –      79,895
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                –      68,416     110,718      44,012              –            –     223,146
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                     –      13,732           –            –             –            –      13,732
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Notes (ii))           20,458     897,769    1,343,254   1,458,349    2,194,769       54,499     5,969,098
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                            profit or loss                    –      74,613      29,072       9,932         5,799      444,029       563,445
                       — at amortised cost                    –      75,708     284,176     630,543       273,623       31,416     1,295,466
                       — at fair value through
                            other comprehensive
                            income                            –     144,503     137,130     430,875       170,692         3,273     886,473
                       — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income             –           –           –           –              –       5,128        5,128
                     Others                              40,857      30,382      12,437      68,494          2,167      63,261      217,598
                     Total assets                       210,660    1,310,374   1,960,694   2,642,205    2,647,050      966,721     9,737,704




304   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
          The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
          disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow: (continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2022
                                                                           Between
                                                                  Within      three         Between
                                                  Repayable        three months and          one and    More than
                                                 on demand        months   one year        five years    five years    Undated          Total
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))


           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                  –       21,495        101,118            –             –            –      122,613
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          582,376       240,606        338,448            –             –            –    1,161,430
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                                –       46,249         24,052         463              –            –       70,764
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                      –             4            14         126          1,402            –        1,546
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                       –      247,730          9,060           –             –            –       256,790
           Deposits from customers                2,385,973    1,209,399        823,601     880,908             2            –     5,299,883
           Debt securities issued                         –      271,693        498,663     156,939        98,308            –     1,025,603
           Lease liabilities                          3,006          721          2,028       3,932         1,232           29        10,948
           Others                                    50,723       20,801         16,205      25,769         2,321       10,873       126,692
           Total liabilities                      3,022,078    2,058,698      1,813,189    1,068,137      103,265       10,902     8,076,269
           (Short)/long position                 (2,811,418)    (748,324)       147,505    1,574,068    2,543,785      955,819     1,661,435
           Derivative cash flow
           Derivative financial instrument
             settled on a net basis                       –           30            11          472            992            –        1,505
           Derivative financial instruments
             settled on a gross basis                     –        10,299       (19,510)      4,712             (4)           –        (4,503)
             — cash inflow                                –     1,243,343       865,045     241,355          1,139            –     2,350,882
             — cash outflow                               –    (1,233,044)     (884,555)   (236,643)        (1,143)           –    (2,355,385)




                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report       305
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
                   disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow: (continued)

                                                                                       31 December 2021
                                                                              Between
                                                                                 three     Between
                                                       Repayable   Within 3 months and one and five    More than
                                                      on demand     months    one year        years     five years     Undated         Total
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))
                     Non-derivative cash flow
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                            71,923       1,286       4,148           –              –     363,460      440,817
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions      54,374      23,957      31,010           –              –            –     109,341
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                –      72,123      64,129       7,699              –            –     143,951
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                     –      91,468           –           –              –            –      91,468
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Notes (ii))           11,426    1,040,780   1,097,625   1,228,371      2,309,717     66,897     5,754,816
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                            profit or loss                    –      33,112      44,400      10,454          7,009     406,593       501,568
                       — at amortised cost                    –      65,128     252,269     675,564        323,042      37,911     1,353,914
                       — at fair value through
                            other comprehensive
                            income                            –     102,219     149,224     320,419        157,797          457     730,116
                       — designated at fair
                             value through other
                             comprehensive income             –            –           –          –              –       4,745        4,745
                     Others                              66,020        9,705       5,786     52,585            116      59,361      193,573
                     Total assets                       203,743    1,439,778   1,648,591   2,295,092      2,797,681    939,424     9,324,309




306   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
          The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
          disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow: (continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2021
                                                                           Between
                                                                  Within      three     Between
                                                  Repayable        three months and one and five       More than
                                                 on demand        months   one year        years        five years     Undated          Total
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                  –       12,418        182,385           –              –            –      194,803
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          744,501        94,273        342,642           –              –            –    1,181,416
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                                –       37,318         38,445       2,664              –            –       78,427
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                    25            12             31         740           488             –        1,296
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                      –        49,186         49,692           –             –            –        98,878
           Deposits from customers               2,366,157     1,042,032        795,124     720,211            43            –     4,923,567
           Debt securities issued                        –       190,216        579,224     130,177       123,868            –     1,023,485
           Lease liabilities                         3,655           409          1,106       3,981         1,367            –        10,518
           Others                                   50,740         7,347          8,310      18,579         1,071       14,428       100,475
           Total liabilities                     3,165,078     1,433,211      1,996,959     876,352       126,837       14,428     7,612,865
           (Short)/Long position                 (2,961,335)       6,567       (348,368)   1,418,740     2,670,844     924,996     1,711,444
           Derivative cash flow
           Derivative financial instrument
             settled on a net basis                       –             –            67        (237)           (17)           –         (187)
           Derivative financial instruments
             settled on a gross basis                     –          (583)        4,411         288            (32)           –         4,084
             — cash inflow                                –     1,156,059       594,172     106,179          1,258            –     1,857,668
             — cash outflow                               –    (1,156,642)     (589,761)   (105,891)        (1,290)           –    (1,853,584)

          Credit Commitments include bank acceptances, credit card commitments, guarantees, loan commitments and
          letters of credit. The tables below summarise the amounts of credit commitments by remaining contractual
          maturity.




                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report       307
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                      Less than 1 year                    1-5 years            Over 5 years                        Total
                       Bank acceptances                                           795,833                         –                         –                  795,833
                       Credit card commitments                                    704,268                         –                         –                  704,268
                       Guarantees                                                 119,249                    65,802                     1,566                  186,617
                       Loan commitments                                            16,728                    18,428                    22,805                   57,961
                       Letters of credit                                          269,893                       944                         –                  270,837
                       Total                                                   1,905,971                     85,174                    24,371               2,015,516

                                                                                                            31 December 2021
                                                                       Less than 1 year                    1-5 years           Over 5 years                        Total
                       Bank acceptances                                           669,711                         20                        5                  669,736
                       Credit card commitments                                    702,361                      6,007                      373                  708,741
                       Guarantees                                                  80,216                     47,379                    1,271                  128,866
                       Loan commitments                                             4,096                     18,677                   30,700                   53,473
                       Letters of credit                                          213,911                      1,047                        –                  214,958
                       Total                                                    1,670,295                     73,130                   32,349               1,775,774

                   Notes:


                   (i)         For cash and balances with central banks, the undated period amount represented statutory deposit reserve funds and fiscal deposits maintained
                               with the PBOC. For loans and advances to customers and investments, the undated period amount represented the balances being credit-impaired
                               or overdue for more than one month. Equity investments were also reported under undated period.


                   (ii)        The balances of loans and advances to customers which were overdue within one month but not impaired are included in repayable on demand.


             (d)   Operational risk
                   Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
                   IT systems, or external events, including legal risk, but excluding strategic risk and reputational risk.

                   The Group manages operational risk through a control-based environment by establishing a sound mechanism
                   of operational risk management in order to identify, assess, monitor, control, mitigate and report operational
                   risks. The framework covers all business functions ranging from finance, credit, accounting, settlement, savings,
                   treasury, intermediary business, computer applications and management, special assets resolution and legal
                   affairs. Key controls include:

                   –           by establishing a matrix authorisation management system of the whole group, carrying out the annual
                               unified authorisation work, and strictly restricting the institutions and personnel at all levels to carry out
                               business activities within the scope of authority granted, the management requirements of prohibiting the
                               overstepping of authority to engage in business activities were further clarified at the institutional level;




308   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (continued)
    (d)    Operational risk (continued)
           –      through consistent legal responsibility framework, taking strict disciplinary actions against non-compliance
                  in order to ensure accountability;

           –      promoting the culture establishments of operational risk management; strength training and performance
                  appraisal management in raising risk management awareness;

           –      strengthening cash and account management in accordance with the relevant policies and procedures,
                  intensifying the monitoring of suspicious transactions. Ensure our staff are well-equipped with the
                  necessary knowledge and basic skills on anti-money laundering through continuous training;

           –      disaster backup systems and recovery plans covering all the important activities in order to minimize any
                  unforeseen interruption. Insurance cover is arranged to mitigate potential losses associated with certain
                  disruptive events.

           In addition to the above, the Group improves its operational risk management information systems on an
           ongoing basis to efficiently identify, evaluate, monitor, control and report its level of operational risk. The
           Group’s management information system has the functionalities of recording and capturing lost data and events
           of operational risk to further support operational risk control and self-assessment, as well as monitoring of key
           risk indicators.

56 Capital Adequacy Ratio
    Capital adequacy ratio reflects the Group’s operational and risk management capability and it is the core of capital
    management. The Group considers its strategic development plans, business expansion plans and risk variables in
    conducting its scenario analysis, stress testing and other measures to forecast, plan and manage capital adequacy ratio.
    The Group’s capital management objectives are to meet the legal and regulatory requirements, and to prudently determine
    the capital adequacy ratio under realistic exposures with reference to the capital adequacy ratio levels of leading global
    banks and the Group’s operating situations.

    From 1 January 2013, the Group commenced the computation of its capital adequacy ratios in accordance with the
    Regulation Governing Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations promulgated by the
    CBIRC in the year of 2012. According to the requirements, for credit risk, the capital requirement was measured
    using the weighting method. The market risk was measured by adopting the standardised approach and the operational
    risk was measured by using the basic indicator approach. From 1 January 2019 on, the Group calculates the default
    risk assets of the counterparties of derivatives in accordance with the Regulations on Measuring the Risk Assets of the
    Counterparties of Derivative Instruments promulgated by the CBIRC in 2018. The requirements pursuant to these
    regulations may have certain differences comparing to those applicable in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions. The
    Group’s management monitors the Group’s and the Bank’s capital adequacy regularly based on regulations issued by
    the CBIRC. The required information is filed with the CBIRC by the Group and the Bank quarterly.




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report     309
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      56 Capital Adequacy Ratio (continued)
             The Group’s ratios calculated based on the relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC are listed as below.

                                                                                                                     31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                            2022                          2021
                                                                                                                            2022                          2021
               Core Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                           8.74%                        8.85%
               Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                               10.63%                       10.88%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                        13.18%                       13.53%
               Components of capital base
               Core Tier-One capital:
                Share capital                                                                                                 48,935                       48,935
                Capital reserve                                                                                               59,172                       59,177
                Other comprehensive income and qualified portion of other equity
                   instruments                                                                                                1,505                         4,639
                Surplus reserve                                                                                              48,932                        43,783
                General reserve                                                                                              98,103                        90,889
                Retained earnings                                                                                           293,956                       263,936
                Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                                7,992                         6,588
               Total core Tier-One capital                                                                                  558,595                       517,947
               Core Tier-One capital deductions:
                 Goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability)                                                                (903)                        (833)
                 Other intangible assets other than land use right (net of related
                   deferred tax liability)                                                                                     (3,831)                      (3,036)
                 Core Tier-One Capital investments made in financial institutions
                   over which the Group has control but are outside the regulatory
                   consolidation scope                                                                                                –                            –
                 Other deductible amounts of net deferred tax assets depending on
                   Bank’s future earnings                                                                                      (1,998)                             –
               Net core Tier-One capital                                                                                    551,863                       514,078
               Other Tier-One capital (Note (i))                                                                            119,614                       117,961
               Tier-One capital                                                                                             671,477                       632,039
               Tier-Two capital:
                 Qualified portion of Tier-Two capital instruments issued and share
                    premium                                                                                                   89,987                       94,372
                 Surplus allowance for loan impairment                                                                        68,481                       58,107
                 Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                                2,142                        1,292
               Net capital base                                                                                             832,087                       785,811
               Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                 6,315,506                    5,809,523

             Note:


             (i)     As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group’s other Tier-One capital included preference shares are RMB34,955 million (2021: RMB34,955
                     million), perpetual bonds issued by the Bank (Note 43) are RMB79,986 million (2021: RMB79,986 million) and non-controlling interests (Note 49) are
                     RMB4,673 million (2021: RMB3,020 million).




310   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value
    Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature, and are made as of a specific point in time based on the
    characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information. The Group uses the following hierarchy
    for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments:

    Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at
              the measurement date. This level includes listed equity instruments and debt instruments on exchanges and
              exchange-traded derivatives.

    Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly
              or indirectly. A majority of the debt securities classified as level 2 are Renminbi bonds. The fair values of
              these bonds are determined based on the valuation results provided by China Central Depository & Clearing
              Corporate Limited. This level also includes partial bills rediscounting and forfeiting in loans and advances,
              part of the investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans, as
              well as a majority of over-the-counter derivative contracts. Foreign exchange forward and swaps, Interest rate
              swap, and foreign exchange options use discount cash flow evaluation method and the valuation model of
              which includes Forward Pricing Model, Swap Model and Option Pricing Model. Bills rediscounting, forfeiting,
              investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans use discount
              cash flow evaluation method to estimate fair value. Input parameters are sourced from the open market such
              as Bloomberg and Reuters.

    Level 3: Inputs for assets or liabilities are based on unobservable parameters. This level includes equity instruments and
             debt instruments with one or more than one significant unobservable parameter. Management determines the
             fair value through inquiring from counterparties or using the valuation techniques. The model incorporates
             unobservable parameters such as discount rate and market price volatilities.

    The fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

    –      If traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions
           are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices, respectively;

    –      If not traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance
           with generally accepted pricing models or discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable current
           market transactions for similar instruments. If there were no available observable current market transactions
           prices for similar instruments, quoted prices from counterparty are used for the valuation, and management
           performs analysis on these prices. Discounted cash flow analysis using the applicable yield curve for the duration
           of the instruments is used for derivatives other than options, and option pricing models are used for option
           derivatives.

    The Group has established an independent valuation process for financial assets and financial liabilities. The Financial
    Market Department, the Financial Institution Department, and the Investment Bank Department are responsible for
    the valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities. The Risk Management Department performs an independent
    review of the valuation methodologies, inputs, assumptions and valuation results. The Operations Department records
    the accounting for these items according to the result generated from the valuation process and accounting policies.
    The Finance and Accounting Department prepares the disclosure of the financial assets and financial liabilities, based
    on the independently reviewed valuation.




                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report      311
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (continued)
             The Group’s valuation policies and procedures for different types of financial instruments are approved by the Risk
             Management Committee. Any change to the valuation policies, or the related procedures, must be reported to the Risk
             Management Committee for approval before they are implemented.

             For the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no significant change in the valuation techniques or inputs used to
             determine fair value measurements.

             (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value
                   Financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value of the Group include cash and balances with central
                   banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions, placements with and loans to banks and non-
                   bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, loans and advances to customers at
                   amortised cost, financial investments at amortised cost, borrowings from central banks, deposits from banks
                   and non-bank financial institutions, placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets
                   sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from customers and debt securities issued.

                   Except for the items shown in the tables below, the maturity dates of aforesaid financial assets and liabilities are
                   within a year or are mainly floating interest rates, as a result, their carrying amounts are approximately equal
                   to their fair value.

                                                                   Carrying values                           Fair values
                                                           31 December          31 December        31 December         31 December
                                                                  2022                 2021               2022                2021
                     Financial assets:
                     Financial investment
                       — at amortised cost                     1,135,452           1,170,229          1,141,092            1,177,877
                     Financial liabilities:
                     Debt securities issued
                       — certificates of deposit (not
                           for trading purpose)
                           issued                                   1,047              1,212              1,047               1,212
                       — debt securities issued                   118,255             62,163            114,609              60,184
                       — subordinated bonds issued                 94,714            114,974             95,813             117,956
                       — certificates of interbank
                           deposit issued                         720,446            739,857            704,197             729,923
                       — convertible corporate
                           bonds                                   40,744             39,997              44,688              43,158




312   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (continued)
    (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value (continued)
          Fair value of financial assets and liabilities above at fair value hierarchy is as follows:

                                                                             31 December 2022
                                                          Level 1             Level 2              Level 3                 Total
           Financial assets:
           Financial investment
             — at amortised cost                            7,248            886,459             247,385              1,141,092
           Financial liabilities:
           Debt securities issued
             — certificates of deposit (not
                 for trading purpose)
                 issued                                         –                  –                1,047                 1,047
             — debt securities issued                      11,163            103,446                    –               114,609
             — subordinated bonds issued                    3,462             92,351                    –                95,813
             — certificates of interbank
                 deposit issued                                  –           704,197                       –            704,197
             — convertible corporate
                 bonds                                           –                   –             44,688                44,688

                                                                              31 December 2021
                                                           Level 1             Level 2             Level 3                 Total
           Financial assets:
           Financial investment
             — at amortised cost                            5,189             902,704             269,984             1,177,877
           Financial liabilities:
           Debt securities issued
             — certificates of deposit (not
                 for trading purpose)
                 issued                                         –                   –                   1,212             1,212
             — debt securities issued                       8,965              51,219                       –            60,184
             — subordinated bonds issued                        –             117,956                       –           117,956
             — certificates of interbank
                 deposit issued                                  –            729,923                      –            729,923
             — convertible corporate
                 bonds                                           –                   –             43,158                43,158




                                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   313
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (continued)
             (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value
                                                                  Level 1     Level 2   Level 3       Total
                     As at 31 December 2022
                     Recurring fair value measurements
                     Assets
                     Loans and advances to customers
                       at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income
                       — loans                                         –      54,851         –      54,851
                       — discounted bills                              –     508,142         –     508,142
                     Loans and advances to customers at
                       fair value through profit or loss
                       — loans                                         –           –     3,881       3,881
                     Financial investments at fair value
                       through profit or loss
                       — investment funds                         141,302    262,741    27,915     431,958
                       — debt securities                           17,670     58,067     4,953      80,690
                       — certificates of deposit                        –     35,543         –      35,543
                       — wealth management products                1,058        303       155       1,516
                       — equity instruments                         2,562          –     5,325       7,887
                     Financial investments at fair value
                       through other comprehensive
                       income
                       — debt securities                          118,342    658,690       406     777,438
                       — certificates of deposit                   15,135      6,366         –      21,501
                       — investments management
                            products managed by
                            securities companies                       –           –         –           –
                     Financial investments designated
                       at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income
                       — equity instruments                          292           –     4,836       5,128
                     Derivative financial assets
                       — interest rate derivatives                    28      14,931         –      14,959
                       — currency derivatives                        105      29,068         –      29,173
                       — precious metals derivatives                   –         250         –         250
                       — credit derivatives                            –           1         –           1
                     Total financial assets measured at
                       fair value                                 296,494   1,628,953   47,471    1,972,918
                     Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                       through profit or loss
                       — short position in debt
                            securities                               406         106         –         512
                       — structured products                           –           –     1,034       1,034
                     Derivative financial liabilities
                       — interest rate derivatives                    58      14,829         –      14,887
                       — currency derivatives                        310      28,470         –      28,780
                       — precious metals derivatives                   –         598         –         598
                     Total financial liabilities measured
                       at fair value                                 774      44,003     1,034      45,811




314   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (continued)
    (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                  Level 1           Level 2           Level 3               Total
           As at 31 December 2021
           Recurring fair value measurements
           Assets
           Loans and advances to customers
             at fair value through other
             comprehensive income
             — loans                                   –            38,599                  –             38,599
             — discounted bills                        –           461,443                  –            461,443
           Financial investments at fair value
             through profit or loss
             — investment funds                   134,725          256,473              6,209            397,407
             — debt securities                      2,943           46,532              9,109             58,584
             — certificates of deposit                  –           30,776                  –             30,776
             — wealth management products           1,458                –                153              1,611
             — equity instruments                   1,709                –              5,723              7,432
           Financial investments at fair value
             through other comprehensive
             income
             — debt securities                     87,146          555,011               413             642,570
             — certificates of deposit                602            3,704                 –               4,306
             — investments management
                  products managed by
                  securities companies                 –                24                  –                 24
           Financial investments designated
             at fair value through other
             comprehensive income
             — equity instruments                    253                 –              4,492              4,745
           Derivative financial assets
             — interest rate derivatives               –             8,643                  –              8,643
             — currency derivatives                   89            13,841                  –             13,930
             — precious metals derivatives             –               148                  –                148
           Total financial assets measured at
             fair value                           228,925        1,415,194             26,099          1,670,218
           Liabilities
           Financial liabilities at fair value
             through profit or loss
             — short position in debt
                  securities                         633               506                  –              1,139
             — structured products                     –                 –                 25                 25
           Derivative financial liabilities
             — interest rate derivatives               3             8,536                  –              8,539
             — currency derivatives                   20            14,197                  –             14,217
             — precious metals derivatives             –               151                  –                151
           Total financial liabilities measured
             at fair value                           656            23,390                 25             24,071




                                                                                                2022 Annual Report   315
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (continued)
             (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      During the year, there were no significant transfers amongst Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


                   (ii)     The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurements in the Level 3 fair
                            value hierarchy:


                                                                                                                        Assets                                                                    Liabilities

                                                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                                          Financial assets at      designated at fair
                                                            Financial assets at fair      fair value through     value through other                                          Financial liabilities
                                                             value through profit       other comprehensive           comprehensive        Loans and advances                at fair value through
                                                                             or loss                 income                   income              to customers      Total            profit or loss              Total

                              As at 1 January 2022                           21,194                      413                     4,492                       –    26,099                        (25)               (25)
                              Total gains or losses
                                — in profit or loss                            (869)                        –                     459                        –      (410)                         –                  –
                                — in comprehensive income                          –                        3                      (78)                      –        (75)                        –                  –
                              Purchases                                      27,386                      135                      497                    3,881    31,899                    (1,034)             (1,034)
                              Settlements                                   (10,194)                    (155)                    (544)                       –    (10,893)                       25                25
                              Transfer in/out                                      –                       10                        –                       –        10                          –                  –
                              Exchange effect                                   831                         –                      10                        –       841                          –                  –

                              As at 31 December 2022                         38,348                      406                     4,836                   3,881    47,471                    (1,034)             (1,034)



                                                                                                                        Assets                                                                    Liabilities

                                                                                                                      Financial assets
                                                                                           Financial assets at      designated at fair
                                                             Financial assets at fair      fair value through     value through other                                          Financial liabilities
                                                               value through profit      other comprehensive          comprehensive       Loans and advances to               at fair value through
                                                                              or loss                 income                  income                 customers      Total            profit or loss              Total

                              As at 1 January 2021                           33,059                    4,422                     3,272                       –     40,753                   (4,360)             (4,360)
                              Total gains or losses
                                — in profit or loss                            (621)                     (415)                   1,070                       –         34                         –                  –
                                — in comprehensive income                          –                      (22)                     (67)                      –        (89)                        –                  –
                              Purchases                                      11,353                      157                      419                        –     11,929                         –                  –
                              Settlements                                   (22,484)                  (3,748)                     (198)                      –    (26,430)                   4,335               4,335
                              Transfer in/out                                   155                        19                        –                       –       174                          –                  –
                              Exchange effect                                  (268)                        –                       (4)                      –       (272)                        –                  –

                              As at 31 December 2021                         21,194                      413                     4,492                       –     26,099                       (25)               (25)



                            For unlisted equity investments, fund investments, bond investments, structured products, the Group
                            determines the fair value through counterparties’ quotations and valuation techniques, etc. Valuation
                            techniques include discounted cash flow analysis and the market comparison approach, etc. The fair value
                            measurement of these financial instruments may involve important unobservable inputs such as credit
                            spread and liquidity discount, etc. The fair value of the financial instruments classified under level 3 is
                            not significantly influenced by the reasonable changes in these unobservable inputs.




316   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties
    (a)   Relationship of related parties
          (i)     The Group is controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited (incorporated in mainland China), which
                  owns 65.37% of the Bank’s shares. The ultimate parent of the Group is CITIC Group (incorporated in
                  mainland China).

          (ii)    Related parties of the Group include subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of CITIC Corporation
                  Limited and CITIC Group. The Bank entered into banking transactions with its subsidiaries at arm’s
                  length in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

          China National Tobacco Corporation (“CNTC”) and Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. each has appointed a non-
          executive director on the Board of Directors of the Bank, which can exert significant influence on the Bank and
          thus constitute related parties of the Bank.

    (b)   Related party transactions
          The Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking businesses
          including lending, assets transfer (i. e. issuance of asset-backed securities in the form of public placement),
          wealth management, investment, deposit, settlement and clearing, off-balance sheet transactions, and purchase,
          sale and leases of property. These banking transactions were conducted under normal commercial terms and
          conditions and priced at the relevant market rates prevailing at the time of each transaction.

          The major related party transaction between the Group and related parties are submitted in turn to the board
          of directors for deliberation, and the relevant announcements have been posted on the websites of the Shanghai
          Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Bank.

          In addition, transactions during the relevant year and the corresponding balances outstanding at the reporting
          dates are as follows:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                            Ultimate holding
                                                                company and           Other major       Associates and
                                                                    affiliates      equity holders      joint ventures
                                                                                          Note (i)
            Profit and loss
            Interest income                                             3,171                1,318                 997
            Fee and commission income and other
              operating income                                            258                  122                   4
            Interest expense                                           (2,081)              (3,240)                (30)
            Net trading loss                                             (477)                  73                   –
            Other service fees                                         (2,870)                (979)                 (2)




                                                                                                      2022 Annual Report    317
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (continued)
             (b)   Related party transactions (continued)
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                       Ultimate holding
                                                                           company and          Other major     Associates and
                                                                               affiliates      equity holders   joint ventures
                                                                                                     Note (i)
                     Profit and loss
                     Interest income                                                 791                 671              785
                     Fee and commission income and other
                       operating income                                              567                 107                3
                     Interest expense                                             (2,039)             (2,952)             (35)
                     Net trading loss                                                (68)                 43                –
                     Other service fees                                           (2,734)                (12)              (1)

                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                       Ultimate holding
                                                                           company and          Other major     Associates and
                                                                               affiliates     equity holders    joint ventures
                                                                                                    Note (i)
                     Assets
                     Gross loans and advances to customers                       35,316              19,032                 –
                     Less: allowance for impairment losses on loans
                             and advances                                         (1,074)               (302)               –
                     Loans and advances to customers (net)                       34,242              18,730                 –
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank financial
                       institutions                                                    1                   –           33,712
                     Placements with and loans to banks and non-
                       bank financial institutions                               25,810                    –                –
                     Derivative financial assets                                    505                    –                –
                     Investment in financial assets
                       — at fair value through profit or loss                     4,428                    –                –
                       — at amortised cost                                       16,573                4,065                –
                       — at fair value through other
                            comprehensive income                                   4,153               1,688                –
                       — designated at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                    450                   –                –
                     Investments in associates and joint ventures                      –                   –            6,302
                     Other assets                                                    825                   2                –
                     Liabilities
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank financial
                       institutions                                              55,167                  492              663
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                         –                   –                 –
                     Derivative financial liabilities                               591                   –                 –
                     Deposits from customers                                     45,849              84,698               230
                     Debt securities issued                                         350                   –                 –
                     Lease liability                                                 72                   2                 –
                     Other liabilities                                              324                   –                 –
                     Off-balance sheet items
                     Guarantees and letters of credit                             3,499                4,789                –
                     Acceptances                                                  3,177                  114                –
                     Nominal amount of derivatives                              193,962                    –                –


318   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                          (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties (continued)
    (b)   Related party transactions (continued)
                                                                                                 31 December 2021
                                                                        Ultimate holding
                                                                            company and              Other major        Associates and
                                                                                affiliates          equity holders      joint ventures
                                                                                                          Note (i)
            Assets
            Gross loans and advances to customers                                    40,297                14,731                   –
            Less: allowance for impairment losses on loans
                    and advances                                                         (893)               (296)                  –
            Loans and advances to customers (net)                                    39,404                14,435                   –
            Deposits with banks and non-bank financial
              institutions                                                                  –                   –              31,911
            Placements with and loans to banks and non-
              bank financial institutions                                            36,089                     –                   –
            Derivative financial assets                                                 934                     –                   –
            Investment in financial assets
              — at fair value through profit or loss                                     1,506                  –                   –
              — at amortised cost                                                          971                 50                   –
              — at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income                                                  3,340                250                   –
              — designated at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income                                                     –                  –                   –
            Investments in associates and joint ventures                                     –                  –               5,753
            Other assets                                                                 2,128                  2                   –
            Liabilities
            Deposits from banks and non-bank financial
              institutions                                                           51,721                   447               3,130
            Placements from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                                                      –                    –                    –
            Derivative financial liabilities                                            609                    –                    –
            Deposits from customers                                                  61,980              129,672                  328
            Employee benefits payable                                                     –                    –                    –
            Lease liability                                                              64                    4                    –
            Other liabilities                                                           102                    6                    –
            Off-balance sheet items
            Guarantees and letters of credit                                          2,628                   730                   –
            Acceptances                                                               2,827                   206                   –
            Nominal amount of derivatives                                           151,647                 1,230                   –

          Note:


          (i)     Other major equity holders include CNTC and Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                     2022 Annual Report   319
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (continued)
             (c)   Key management personnel and their close family members and related companies
                   Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                   and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive
                   officers.

                   The Group entered into banking transactions with key management personnel and their close family members
                   and those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them in the normal course of business. Other than those
                   disclosed below, there was no material transactions and balances between the Group and these individuals, their
                   close family members or those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them.

                   The aggregate amount of relevant loans outstanding as at 31 December 2022 to directors, supervisors and
                   executive officers amounted to RMB0.69 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB0.99 million).

                   The aggregated compensations for directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Bank as at 31 December
                   2022 amounted to RMB29.42 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB25.65 million).

             (d)   Supplementary defined contribution plan
                   The Group has established a supplementary defined contribution plan for its qualified employees which is
                   administered by CITIC Group (Note 37 (a)).

             (e)   Transactions with state-owned entities in the PRC
                   The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the
                   PRC government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively
                   referred to as “state-owned entities”).

                   Transactions with state-owned entities, including CNTC’s indirect subsidiaries, include but are not limited to
                   the following:

                   –      lending and deposit taking;

                   –      taking and placing of inter-bank balances;

                   –      derivative transactions;

                   –      entrusted lending and other custody services;

                   –      insurance and securities agency, and other intermediary services;

                   –      sale, purchase, underwriting and redemption of bonds issued by state-owned entities;

                   –      purchase, sale and leases of property and other assets; and

                   –      rendering and receiving of utilities and other services.

                   These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s banking business on terms similar to
                   those that would have been entered into with non-state-owned entities. The Group has also established its pricing
                   strategy and approval processes for major products and services, such as loans, deposits and commission income.
                   The pricing strategy and approval processes do not depend on whether the customers are state-owned entities
                   or not. The Directors are of opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that
                   require separate disclosure.




320   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



59 Structured entities
    (a)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by third parties
          The Group invests in unconsolidated structured entities which are sponsored and managed by other entities
          for investment return, and records trading gains or losses and interest income therefrom. These unconsolidated
          structured entities primarily include wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment management
          products, investment funds and asset-backed securities.

          The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
          2022 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions, as well as an analysis of the line items in
          the consolidated statement of financial position under which relevant assets are recognized:

                                                                           31 December 2022
                                                                                                            Maximum loss
                                                                 Carrying amount                                exposure
                                                                               Financial
                                             Financial                       investments
                                           investments                      at fair value
                                          at fair value         Financial through other
                                        through profit     investments at Comprehensive
                                                or loss    amortised cost        income             Total
           Wealth management
             product of other banks              1,516                 –                 –          1,516           1,516
           Investment management
             products managed by
             securities companies                    –           39,628                 –         39,628           39,628
           Trust management plans                    –          222,819                 –        222,819          222,819
           Asset-backed securities               1,335          252,525            44,697        298,557          298,557
           Investment funds                    431,958                –                 –        431,958          431,958
           Total                               434,809          514,972            44,697        994,478          994,478

                                                                           31 December 2021
                                                                                                            Maximum loss
                                                                 Carrying amount                                exposure
                                                                                 Financial
                                               Financial                      investments
                                            investments                       at fair value
                                           at fair value        Financial   through other
                                         through profit    investments at Comprehensive
                                                 or loss   amortised cost          income           Total
           Wealth management
             product of other banks               1,586                –                 –          1,586            1,586
           Investment management
             products managed by
             securities companies                    –            50,413                24        50,437           50,437
           Trust management plans                    –           234,770                 –       234,770          234,770
           Asset-backed securities               4,955           261,418            94,086       360,459          360,459
           Investment funds                    397,407                 –                 –       397,407          397,407
           Total                               403,948           546,601            94,110      1,044,659       1,044,659




                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report     321
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      59 Structured entities (continued)
             (a)    Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by third parties (continued)
                    The maximum exposures to risk in the above wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment
                    management products, investment funds and asset-backed securities managed by securities companies and trust
                    investment funds are the carrying value of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date. The maximum
                    exposures to risk in the asset-backed securities are the amortised cost or fair value of the assets held by the
                    Group at the reporting date in accordance with the line items under which these assets are presented in the
                    consolidated statement of financial position.

             (b)    Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group
                    Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group mainly include non-principal guaranteed
                    wealth management products. The wealth management products invest in a range of primarily fixed-rate assets,
                    most typically money market instruments, debt securities and loan assets. As the manager of these wealth
                    management products, the Group invests, on behalf of its customers, in assets as described in the investment
                    plan related to each wealth management product and receives fee and commission income.

                    As at 31 December 2022, the scale of non-principal protected wealth management products managed by the
                    Group that were not included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements was RMB1,577,077 million (31
                    December 2021: RMB1,403,275 million).

                    During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s interest in these wealth management products included
                    fee and commission income of RMB8,523 million (2021: RMB7,485 million); interest income of RMB72
                    million (2021: RMB917 million) and interest expense of RMB0 (2021: RMB568 million).

                    During the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no placements and financial assets held under resale
                    agreements from the Group with these wealth management sponsored by the Group (31 December 2021:
                    RMB20,000 million; maximum exposure in 2021: RMB59,450 million).

                    In order to achieve a smooth transition and steady development of the wealth management business, in 2022,
                    in accordance with the requirements of the “Guiding Opinions on Regulating the Asset Management Business
                    of Financial Institutions”, the Group continues to promote net-value-based reporting of its asset management
                    products and dispose of existing portfolios.

                    On 31 December,2022, assets of these wealth management products amounting to RMB233,528 million (31
                    December 2021: RMB190,428 million) were invested in investments in which certain subsidiaries and associates
                    of the CITIC Group acted as trustees.

      60 Transfers of financial assets
             The Group entered into transactions which involved securitisation transactions and transfers of non-performing
             financial assets.

             These transactions were entered into in the normal course of business by which recognized financial assets were
             transferred to third parties or structured entities. Transfers of assets may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the
             financial assets concerned. On the other hand, where transferred assets do not qualify for derecognition as the Group has
             retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continues to recognize the transferred assets.




322   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



60 Transfers of financial assets (continued)
     Details of the financial assets sold under repurchase agreements are set forth in Note 35. Details of securitisation
     transactions and non-performing financial assets transfer transactions conducted by the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2022 totalling RMB34,212 million (year ended 31 December 2021: RMB54,188 million) are set forth below.

     Securitisation transactions
     The Group enters into securitisation transactions by which it transfers loans to structured entities which issue asset-
     backed securities to investors. The Group assessed among other factors, whether or not to derecognize the transferred
     assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets and whether it has relinquished
     its controls over these assets based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4 (c) and Note 5 (iv).

     In 2022, the original book value of financial assets transferred by the Group through asset securitization transactions
     was RMB14,994 million (2021: RMB47,607 million), which met the conditions for complete derecognition (2021:
     RMB37,807 million for the original book value of credit asset transfer, and RMB3,470 million for the recognition of
     continued assets and liabilities).

     Transfer of loans and other financial assets
     In 2022, the Group transferred loans and other financial assets by other means with the original book value of RMB19,218
     million (2021: RMB6,581 million), including RMB5,628 million of non-performing loans and RMB13,590 million of
     non-performing structured investments. The Group assesses the transfer of risks and rewards through notes 4 (c) and
     5 (iv) and believes that the above financial assets meet the conditions for complete derecognition.

     In 2022, the original book value of the Group’s transfer of non-performing assets to related parties is RMB14,119
     million, and the transaction price is RMB2,926 million. Relevant businesses are conducted under normal commercial
     conditions, and the transaction is concluded at the current market price at the time of each transaction.

61 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
     financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention
     to settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

     As at 31 December 2022, the amount of the financial assets and financial liabilities subject to enforceable master netting
     arrangements or similar agreements are not material to the Group.




                                                                                                           2022 Annual Report     323
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank
             Statement of financial position
                                                                                31 December    31 December
                                                                                       2022           2021
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central banks                                  472,441        430,496
              Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                63,712         80,828
              Precious metals                                                         5,985          9,645
              Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                institutions                                                        190,693        136,693
              Derivative financial assets                                            22,347         15,826
              Financial assets held under resale agreements                          11,295         89,469
              Loans and advances to customers                                     4,760,238      4,492,419
              Financial investments                                               2,394,927      2,230,652
                — at fair value through profit or loss                              553,863        489,457
                — at amortised cost                                               1,137,654      1,171,414
                — at fair value through other comprehensive income                  699,157        565,879
                — designated at fair value through other comprehensive income         4,253          3,902
              Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures                         33,060         32,469
              Property, plant and equipment                                          33,870         33,660
              Right-of-use assets                                                     9,956         10,077
              Intangible assets                                                       3,206          2,398
              Deferred tax assets                                                    53,088         45,600
              Other assets                                                           48,242         55,895
              Total assets                                                        8,103,060      7,666,127
              Liabilities
              Borrowings from central banks                                         119,334        189,042
              Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions             1,146,264      1,174,317
              Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions              19,374         31,811
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                290            506
              Derivative financial liabilities                                       22,792         16,237
              Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     251,685         97,620
              Deposits from customers                                             4,854,059      4,521,331
              Accrued staff costs                                                    20,680         18,069
              Taxes payable                                                           7,420          9,546
              Debt securities issued                                                968,086        951,213
              Lease liability                                                         9,363          9,228
              Provisions                                                              9,618         11,805
              Other liabilities                                                      35,797         29,016
              Total liabilities                                                   7,464,762      7,059,741
              Equity
              Share capital                                                          48,935         48,935
              Preference shares                                                     118,076        118,076
              Capital reserve                                                        61,598         61,598
              Other comprehensive income                                             (1,736)         4,524
              Surplus reserve                                                        54,727         48,937
              General reserve                                                        96,906         94,430
              Retained earnings                                                     259,792        229,886
              Total equity                                                          638,298        606,386
              Total liabilities and equity                                        8,103,060      7,666,127




324   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                    Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                         (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank (continued)
    Statement of changes in equity
                                                                                                      Other
                                                                    Preference                 comprehensive        Surplus         General     Retained
                                                    Share capital       shares Capital reserve       income          reserve         reserve    earnings    Total equity
     As at 1 January 2022                                 48,935      118,076         61,598          4,524          48,937         94,430      229,886         606,386
     (i) Net profit                                            –            –              –               –              –               –      57,895          57,895
     (ii) Other comprehensive income                           –            –              –          (6,417)             –               –           –          (6,417)
     Total comprehensive income                                –            –              –          (6,417)             –               –      57,895          51,478
     (iii) Profit appropriations
        — Appropriations to surplus reserve                    –            –              –               –          5,790               –       (5,790)             –
        — Appropriations to general reserve                    –            –              –               –              –           2,476       (2,476)             –
        — Dividend distribution to ordinary
                 shareholders of the bank                      –            –              –               –              –               –     (14,778)        (14,778)
        — Dividend distribution to preference
                 shareholders                                  –            –              –               –              –               –       (1,428)        (1,428)
        — Interest paid to holders of perpetual
                 bonds                                         –            –              –               –              –               –       (3,360)        (3,360)
     (iv) Transfers within the owners’ equity
        — Other comprehensive income
                 transferred to retained earnings              –            –              –            157               –               –        (157)              –
     As at 31 December 2022                               48,935      118,076         61,598          (1,736)        54,727         96,906      259,792         638,298

                                                                                                      Other
                                                                    Preference                 comprehensive                                    Retained
                                                    Share capital       shares Capital reserve       income Surplus reserve General reserve     earnings    Total equity
     As at 1 January 2021                                 48,935       78,083         61,598           1,577         43,786          89,856     203,536         527,371
     (i) Net profit                                            –            –              –               –              –               –      51,514          51,514
     (ii) Other comprehensive income                           –            –              –           2,947              –               –           –           2,947
     Total comprehensive income                                –            –              –           2,947              –               –      51,514          54,461
     (iii) Investor capital
        — Insurance of perpetual bonds                         –       39,993              –               –              –               –            –         39,993
     (iv) Profit appropriations
        — Appropriations to surplus reserve                    –            –              –               –          5,151               –       (5,151)             –
        — Appropriations to general reserve                    –            –              –               –              –           4,574       (4,574)             –
        — Dividend distribution to ordinary
                 shareholders of the bank                      –            –              –               –              –               –      (12,429)       (12,429)
        — Dividend distribution to preference
                 shareholders                                  –            –              –               –              –               –       (1,330)        (1,330)
        — Interest paid to holders of perpetual
                 bonds                                         –            –              –               –              –               –       (1,680)        (1,680)
     As at 31 December 2021                               48,935      118,076         61,598           4,524         48,937          94,430     229,886         606,386




                                                                                                                                               2022 Annual Report          325
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments
                   For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                           Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                        Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                     receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                            Employer’s                               director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                                           contribution Remunerations paid or               other services in
                                                                                                          Allowances      to retirement receivable in respect           connection with the
                                                                    Discretionary          Housing       and benefits            benefit of accepting office as          management of the
                     Name                           Fees     Salary      bonuses          allowance           in kind            scheme director and supervisor         affairs of the Group      Total
                                                 RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000                 RMB’000                       RMB’000     RMB’000
                     Executive directors
                     Fang Heying Note (i)              –          –             –                 –                 –                –                          –                          –          –
                     Liu Cheng                         –      1,620           120                 –                43              244                          –                          –      2,027
                     Guo Danghuai                      –      1,512           133                 –                43              244                          –                          –      1,932
                     Non-executive directors
                     Zhu Hexin Note (i)                –         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –          –
                     Cao Guoqiang Note (i)             –         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –          –
                     Huang Fang Note (i)               –         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –          –
                     Wang Yankang Note (i)             –         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –          –
                     Independent non-executive
                         directors
                     He Cao                          300         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –        300
                     Chen Lihua                      280         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –        280
                     Qian Jun                        310         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –        310
                     Liu Tsz Bun Bennett             150         –              –                 –                 –                 –                         –                          –        150

                                                                           Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                        Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                     receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                            Employer’s                               director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                                           contribution Remunerations paid or               other services in
                                                                                                          Allowances      to retirement receivable in respect           connection with the
                                                                    Discretionary          Housing       and benefits            benefit of accepting office as          management of the
                     Name                           Fees     Salary      bonuses          allowance           in kind            scheme director and supervisor         affairs of the Group      Total
                                                 RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000                 RMB’000                       RMB’000     RMB’000
                     Supervisors
                     Li Rong                           –       390            847                 –                43              244                          –                          –      1,524
                     Cheng Pusheng                     –       380            843                 –                43              243                          –                          –      1,509
                     Chen Panwu                        –       375            822                 –                43              244                          –                          –      1,484
                     Zeng Yufang                       –       340            580                 –                51              219                          –                          –      1,190
                     Wei Guobin                      260         –              –                 –                 –                –                          –                          –        260
                     Sun Qi Xiang                    260         –              –                 –                 –                –                          –                          –        260
                     Liu Guoling                     260         –              –                 –                 –                –                          –                          –        260
                     Former Directors and
                         Supervisors resigned
                         in 2022
                     Li Gang (Note (ii))               –       400            698                 –                43              247                          –                          –      1,388




326   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                          (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
    (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
          For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                    Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                    Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                  receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                  director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                                  Employer’s             Remunerations paid              other services in
                                                                                                   Allowances contribution            or receivable in respect       connection with the
                                                            Discretionary         Housing         and benefits to retirement            of accepting office as        management of the
           Name                           Fees     Salary        bonuses         allowance             in kind benefit scheme         director and supervisor        affairs of the Group      Total
                                       RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000                          RMB’000                      RMB’000     RMB’000
           Executive directors
           Fang Heying Note (i)              –          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –          –
           Guo Danghuai                      –      1,590              –                  –                40                172                            –                           –      1,802
           Non-executive directors
           Zhu Hexin Note (i)                –          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –          –
           Cao Guoqiang Note (i)             –          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –          –
           Huang Fang Note (i)               –          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –          –
           Wang Yankang Note (i)             –          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –          –
           Independent non-executive
               directors
           He Cao                          271          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –        271
           Chen Lihua                      271          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –        271
           Qian Jun                        310          –              –                  –                  –                 –                            –                           –        310

                                                                    Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                    Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                  receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                  director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                                  Employer’s             Remunerations paid              other services in
                                                                                                   Allowances contribution            or receivable in respect       connection with the
                                                            Discretionary         Housing         and benefits to retirement            of accepting office as        management of the
           Name                           Fees     Salary        bonuses         allowance             in kind benefit scheme         director and supervisor        affairs of the Group      Total
                                       RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000                          RMB’000                      RMB’000     RMB’000
           Supervisors
           Li Rong                           –       390             836                  –                40                172                            –                           –      1,438
           Li Gang                           –       400             826                  –                40                172                            –                           –      1,438
           Chen Panwu                        –       450           1,096                  –                40                172                            –                           –      1,758
           Zeng Yufang                       –       340             620                  –                48                197                            –                           –      1,205
           Wei Guobin                      260         –               –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        260
           Sun Qi Xiang                    135         –               –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        135
           Liu Guoling                     135         –               –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        135
           Former Directors and
                Supervisors resigned
                in 2021
           Li Qingping                       –          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –          –
           Wan Liming                        –          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –          –
           Yin Liji                        282          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        282
           Liu Cheng                         –      1,680              –                  –                40                172                            –                           –      1,892
           Jia Xiangsen                    125          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        125
           Zheng Wei                       125          –              –                  –                 –                  –                            –                           –        125




                                                                                                                                                                        2022 Annual Report             327
      Chapter 9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      Mr. Zhu Hexin, Mr. Fang Heying, Mr. Cao Guoqiang, Ms. Huang Fang, and Mr. Wang Yankang did not receive any emoluments from the
                            Bank in 2022. Three of the five directors are appointed by CITIC Limited and CITIC Group (“Parent Companies”). Their emoluments were
                            paid by the Parent Companies in 2022. The other two directors are appointed respectively by Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. and CNTC. Their
                            emolument allocations are not disclosed due to the difficulty to apportion the services provided by the directors to the Bank.


                   (ii)     Mr. Li Gang resigned in March 2022.


             (b)   Other benefits and interests
                   No direct or indirect retirement benefits and termination benefits were paid to directors as at 31 December
                   2022 (as at December 2021: Nil).

                   For the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the balance of loans and advances from the
                   Group to Directors, Supervisors or certain controlled body corporates and connected entities of the Directors
                   or Supervisors was not significant.

                   No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
                   was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
                   subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year 2022 (2021: Nil).

      64 Events after the reporting period
             In March 2023, CNCB Investment repurchased and cancelled its 0.95% equity held by CBI. Since the completion
             day of the transaction, CNCB Investment has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

      65 Comparative data
             Certain comparative data has been restated to conform to the presentation of the current year.




328   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 9 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



The information set out below does not form part of the audited financial statements, and is included herein for information
purposes only.

1     Difference between the financial report prepared under IFRSs and that prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP
      China CITIC Bank Corporation (the “Bank”) prepares consolidated financial statements for the year ended at 31
      December 2022, which includes the financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”),
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
      Standards Board and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

      As a financial institution incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and listed in the Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, the Group also prepares its consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022
      in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the
      regulatory bodies of the PRC (collectively “PRC GAAP”).

      There is no difference in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 or total equity as at 31 December 2022
      between the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs and those prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP respectively.

2     Liquidity coverage ratio
                                                                                        31 December          31 December
                                                                                               2022                 2021
        Liquidity coverage ratio                                                           168.03%               146.59%

      The liquidity coverage ratios were also in accordance with the Rules on Liquidity Risk management of Commercial
      Banks (Provisional) issued by the CBIRC and applicable calculation requirements, and based on the data determined
      under the PRC GAAP.

3     Currency concentrations
                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                       US Dollars       HK Dollars              Others               Total
        Spot assets                                       358,286           169,293             51,937            579,516
        Spot liabilities                                  308,549           163,464             26,440            498,453
        Forward purchases                               1,171,960           163,351            128,686          1,463,997
        Forward sales                                  (1,232,853)         (131,217)          (153,851)        (1,517,921)
        Options                                             5,846              (125)            (1,139)             4,582
        Net long position                                 611,788           364,766             52,073          1,028,627

                                                                             31 December 2021
                                                       US Dollars        HK Dollars              Others              Total
        Spot assets                                       350,863            163,384            47,009             561,256
        Spot liabilities                                  291,015            157,161            24,517             472,693
        Forward purchases                                 898,542            113,885           105,485           1,117,912
        Forward sales                                    (931,632)           (85,882)         (110,286)         (1,127,800)
        Options                                           (10,495)               (91)             (200)            (10,786)
        Net long position                                 598,293            348,457            66,525          1,013,275




                                                                                                          2022 Annual Report   329
      Chapter 9 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      International claims
             International claims are the sum of cross-border claims in all currencies and local claims in foreign currencies. The
             Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all the claims on third parties
             outside Mainland China as cross border claims.

             International claims include balances with central banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions,
             placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held for trading, financial
             assets designated at fair value through profit or loss, loans and advances to customers, financial assets held under resale
             agreements, financial investments, etc.

             International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported where it
             constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into account any risk transfers.
             Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country which is different from that of the
             counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                                        31 December 2022
                                                                                                    Non-bank private
                                                                     Banks       Official sector              sector             Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                 65,338                  399              56,314           122,051
                — of which attributable to Hong Kong                37,340                  392              47,084            84,816
              Europe                                                21,779                1,536              18,605            41,920
              North and South America                               18,862               34,443              80,791           134,096
              Africa                                                     9                    –                   –                 9
              Total                                                105,988               36,378             155,710           298,076

                                                                                        31 December 2021
                                                                                                    Non-bank private
                                                                      Banks       Official sector             sector             Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                  61,526                 835               66,129          128,490
                — of which attributable to Hong Kong                 35,747                 822               59,381           95,950
              Europe                                                  9,459                   2               13,353           22,814
              North and South America                                14,701              55,615               80,073          150,389
              Africa                                                    125                   –                    –              125
              Total                                                  85,811              56,452             159,555           301,818




330   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 9 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Overdue loans and advances to customers by geographical sectors
                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                                    Loans and
                                                             Gross loans and advances overdue       Credit impaired
                                                                    advances    over 3 months                 loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                            1,400,562              19,936              29,021
     Yangtze River Delta                                          1,381,673               6,717               9,128
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                              731,224               7,130              11,485
     Central                                                        730,240               5,547               7,394
     Western                                                        598,729               5,201              12,985
     Northeastern                                                    87,630                 849               1,525
     Outside Mainland China                                         222,714               2,873               3,565
     Accrued interest                                                 17,180                   –                   –
     Total                                                        5,169,952              48,253              75,103

                                                                               31 December 2021
                                                                                      Loans and
                                                             Gross loans and    advances overdue    Credit impaired
                                                                    advances      over 3 months               loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                             1,325,105             25,316              30,928
     Yangtze River Delta                                           1,256,155              4,727               9,002
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                               733,840              5,556               9,970
     Central                                                         672,083              4,932               7,306
     Western                                                         573,221              4,313              14,344
     Northeastern                                                     92,254                993               1,733
     Outside Mainland China                                          203,311              1,374               1,825
     Accrued interest                                                 13,064                   –                   –
     Total                                                         4,869,033             47,211              75,108


6   Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and overdue
    loans and advances to customers
    (a)      Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
             As at 31 December 2022, the Group has no overdue amount due from banks and other financial institutions
             (31 December 2021: Nil).




                                                                                                   2022 Annual Report    331
      Chapter 9 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      6      Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and overdue
             loans and advances to customers (continued)
             (b)   Gross amounts of overdue loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                                         2022                   2021
                       Gross loans and advances to customers which have been
                         overdue with respect to either principal or interest for
                         periods of:
                         — between 3 and 6 months                                                        11,841                  8,849
                         — between 6 and 12 months                                                       17,942                 19,011
                         — over 12 months                                                                18,470                 19,351
                       Total                                                                             48,253                 47,211
                       As a percentage of total gross loans and advances to customers:
                         — between 3 and 6 months                                                         0.23%                 0.18%
                         — between 6 and 12 months                                                        0.35%                 0.39%
                         — over 12 months                                                                 0.36%                 0.40%
                       Total                                                                              0.94%                 0.97%

                   –           The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 3 months as required by the
                               Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

                   –           Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest
                               is overdue.

                   –           Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has
                               been served on the borrower but repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If
                               the loans and advances are repayable on demand which are outside the approved limit that was advised
                               to the borrower, they are also considered as overdue.

                   –           As at 31 December 2022, the loans and advances to customers of RMB48,253 million of the above
                               overdue loans and advances were credit-impaired (As at 31 December 2021, the loans and advances to
                               customers of RMB47,211 million of the above overdue loans and advances were credit-impaired).

                   Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 3 months:
                                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                                         2022                   2021
                       Secured portion                                                                   30,905                 31,492
                       Unsecured portion                                                                 17,348                 15,719
                       Total                                                                             48,253                 47,211
                       Allowance for impairment losses                                                  (36,607)               (45,052)
                       Net balance                                                                       11,646                  2,159
                       Maximum exposure covered by pledge and collateral held                            44,019                 39,477

                   The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including available
                   external valuation, if any, adjusted by taking into account the current realization experience as well as market
                   situation.

      7      Non-bank Mainland China exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted in
             Mainland China. As of 31 December 2022, the majority of the Bank’s non-bank exposures arose from businesses with
             Mainland China entities or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposures by counterparties have been disclosed
             in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.


332   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                     (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                     in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                     Stock Code : 0998




                                                                                             2022 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                     Strive to Be
                                                                                                                                     the Provider of
                                                                                                                                     the Best Comprehensive
                                                                                                                                     Financial Services
Address : 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing




                                                                                                                                     2022
Postal Code : 100020
Investor Hotline : +86-10-66638188
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                                                     Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
