XtalPi Holdings Limited
晶泰控股有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 2 2 2 8




2025
INTERIM REPORT
Contents


Corporate Information                                      2

Financial Summary                                          4

Corporate Profile                                          5

Management Discussion and Analysis                         14

Corporate Governance and Other Information                 23

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          32

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         33

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   34

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       35

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      37

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             39

Notes to Interim Financial Information                     40

Definitions                                                68
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                              LEGAL ADVISORS
    Executive Directors                             As to Hong Kong laws
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)                       Sidley Austin
    Dr. Ma Jian (Chief Executive Officer)           39/F, Two International Finance Centre
    Dr. Lai Lipeng                                  8 Finance Street
    Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                             Central
                                                    Hong Kong
    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                                    AUDITOR
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang                              Certified Public Accountants and
                                                    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                      22/F, Prince’s Building
                                                    Central
    Dr. Wen Shuhao
                                                    Hong Kong
    Ms. Liu Shimei

                                                    COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                    UOB Kay Hian (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)
                                                    6/F, Harcourt House
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                                    39 Gloucester Road
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                                    Hong Kong

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                    REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)
                                                    PO Box 309
    Dr. Ma Jian
                                                    Ugland House
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                                    Grand Cayman
                                                    KY1-1104
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                    Cayman Islands
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                                    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                                    BUSINESS IN THE PRC
                                                    3/F, Second Phase of the International
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                    Biomedical Industrial Park
    Ms. Liu Shimei                                  No. 2 Hongliu Road
    Ms. Chan Sau Ling                               Futian District
                                                    Shenzhen
                                                    PRC




2   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                       Corporate Information

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 1917, 19/F
Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

Stock code: 2228


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.xtalpi.com




                                                         Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   3
    Financial Summary

                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


    Revenue                                                                                                  517,076                102,630
    Research and development expenses                                                                       (221,527)              (210,390)
    Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                              75,609             (1,237,550)
    Adjusted net profit/(loss) (non-IFRS measure)*                                                           141,628               (251,396)



    *      Adjusted net profit/(loss) is not defined under the IFRS. It represents the profit/(loss) for the period adjusted by adding back (i)
           changes in fair value of CRPS, (ii) share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses.




4   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                              Corporate Profile

We are a quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative R&D platform. We adopt a combination of
quantum physics-based first-principles calculation1, AI, high performance cloud computing, and scalable and standardized
robotic automation to provide drug and material science R&D solutions and services to global and domestic companies in
the pharmaceutical and material science (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and cosmetics) industries and
beyond.

We have a diverse customer base, ranging from start-ups to global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, as
well as unicorns and leading companies in the field of new materials. Our customer base includes 17 of the top 20
global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, which we believe is an indicator of the caliber of our solutions and
services. With operations in both China and the U.S., we strive to take advantage of the best capabilities and resources
available to us in each region to meet the evolving needs of our customers and collaborators and academic partners. We
have well-established and longstanding relationship with many of the world’s leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical
conglomerates and leading companies in the field of new materials, such as Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, and Sinopec Shanghai Research Institute many of which are our repeat customers.


VISION
Our vision is becoming the global leader in quantum physics-based, AI-powered drug and material science R&D.

MISSION
Our mission is a world of smarter science, better lives. We aim to accelerate the design and discovery of novel drugs and
materials leveraging quantum physics2, AI and robotic automation.


BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND PROSPECTS
1.   Overall Performance
     We are pleased to report our financial results for the first half of 2025, highlighted by revenue of RMB517.1 million,
     with a year-on-year growth of 403.8%. We ended the Reporting Period with a healthy Cash Balance3 of RMB5,307.7
     million, and average monthly cash burn decreased by 20.0% to RMB49.7 million. We also achieved profitability for
     the first time on a half-year basis with adjusted net profit of RMB141.6 million. This milestone is a testament to our
     collective effort and innovation, signaling our entry into a new phase of large-scale growth and strengthening the
     foundation for our long-term strategy.

     Furthermore, during the Reporting Period, the Company was included in the MSCI China Small Cap Index, an
     authoritative recognition of our investment value by the international capital markets.




1    Quantum physics is the study of matter and energy at the most fundamental level, aiming to uncover the properties and behaviors of
     the very building blocks of nature. First-principles calculation is a method to calculate physical properties directly from basic physical
     quantities, such as the mass and charge, and the electrostatic force of an electron, based on the principle of quantum mechanics.
2    Our business does not involve quantum computing or the use of quantum computers, nor is quantum computing or the use of
     quantum computers a primary mode of our operations.
3    Cash Balance comprising our cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, the current portion of financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss, and restricted cash as of 30 June 2025.

                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   5
    Corporate Profile

    2.     Business Development Progress
           2.1    Drug Discovery Solutions: The Deep Integration of Advanced AI and Robotics Driving New Growth for
                  Our Business
                  During the Reporting Period, revenue from the drug discovery solutions business recorded exceptionally strong
                  growth, surging 615.2% from RMB60.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB435.2 million for
                  the six months ended 30 June 2025. This increase was primarily driven by the execution of the Group’s major
                  collaboration with DoveTree Medicines LLC and its affiliates (“DoveTree”). We achieved the first-phase milestone
                  of this collaboration and received an initial payment of US$51 million. Additionally, revenue from our antibody
                  business also showed significant improvement.

                  (1)     AI + Robotics Drug Discovery Platform Gains Global Recognition, Ushering in a New Era of
                          Business Growth. In late June 2025, we entered into a landmark collaboration with DoveTree, a company
                          founded by Professor Gregory Verdine, a renowned leader in biopharmaceuticals. The agreement provides
                          for an initial payment of US$51.0 million for the first phase, with an additional US$49.0 million in potential
                          payments, and variable payments of up to US$5.89 billion subject to regulatory and commercial milestones,
                          along with potential royalties based on a single-digit percentage of the annual net sales of the products.
                          Through this collaboration, our proprietary AI + robotics drug discovery platform will support Professor
                          Verdine’s DoveTree in developing small-molecule and antibody drugs across multiple therapeutic areas,
                          including oncology, immunologic and inflammatory diseases, neurological disorders and metabolic
                          dysregulation. DoveTree will obtain exclusive development and commercialization rights for the above
                          products worldwide. During the the six months ended 30 June 2025, we achieved the first-phase milestone
                          and recognised US$51 million as revenue. In addition, we plan to appoint Professor Verdine as an advisor,
                          where he will guide pipeline candidate selection and provide early assessments of clinical success potential.
                          Backed by our clients’ strong recognition of our platform’s capabilities, our drug discovery business has
                          already successfully developed multiple pipelines, securing substantial initial payments and locking in
                          potential future milestone and royalty revenues. These milestones signal the start of a new growth chapter
                          for our drug discovery business.

                  (2)     Breakthrough Progress Across Multiple Pipelines
                          •       All three of our projects in collaboration with a leading biopharmaceutical company have
                                  successfully reached key milestones. Notably, a chronic disease project launched in 2024
                                  achieved its PCC milestone a full quarter ahead of schedule, highlighting the outstanding capabilities
                                  of XtalPi’s fully integrated AI-computational-experimental platform in accelerating drug discovery.
                                  Building on this momentum, our partner has initiated a new round of collaborations with us this year,
                                  focusing on additional novel drug targets and indications.

                          •       Empowered the development of the world’s first AI-designed brain-penetrant PRMT5
                                  inhibitor, advancing it to the IND stage. In close collaboration with PharmaEngine, Inc., we
                                  successfully developed PE-0260, a breakthrough PRMT5 inhibitor with strong therapeutic potential.
                                  Leveraging AI-driven rational drug design and computational chemistry, our teams explored a broader
                                  chemical space and identified the preclinical candidate PE-0260 through an AI-assisted molecular
                                  evaluation system. PharmaEngine has now completed filing its IND application and initiated clinical
                                  trials.




6   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                Corporate Profile

•   A drug we co-developed with our incubated company Signet Therapeutics — the world’s
    first targeted treatment for diffuse gastric cancer — has been nominated for the Prix
    Galien Award for Best Biotechnology Product, often hailed as the “Nobel Prize of the
    pharmaceutical industry.” This treatment is the only pipeline from Asia to earn a nomination
    this year, and just the fourth from a Chinese company in the award’s 50-plus-year history.
    This first-in-class candidate, also the first AI-and organoid-enabled therapy for diffuse gastric cancer
    to enter clinical trials worldwide, was developed using XtalPi’s AI + robotics platform for molecular
    discovery and design. Powered by XtalPi’s cutting-edge technologies, this program advanced from
    initiation to the identification of preclinical candidates in just over six months. During the research,
    XtalPi also applied its proprietary Xpose technology to predict the binding patterns of potential targets
    and used XFEP to estimate the affinity between molecules and targets, leading to the successful
    identification and experimental validation of a novel target, SRC. This discovery demonstrated for
    the first time that dual inhibition of FAK and SRC produces a synergistic effect superior to inhibiting
    either target alone. The program is progressing smoothly in Phase I clinical trials, with all patients in
    the fourth dose cohort enrolled for safety evaluation. This drug has been granted FDA Orphan Drug
    Designation for gastric cancer and, in February 2025, received FDA Fast Track Designation. In July
    2025, STAT, a leading global health and life sciences publication, highlighted the program in its “First
    Opinion” column as a prime example of China’s growing impact on global drug innovation.

•   Antibody business achieves rapid commercial growth. Driven by our high-quality delivery
    of previously placed orders, revenue in the first half of 2025 soared, reaching nearly two times
    the total revenue of 2024. We have also deepened collaborations with several globally renowned
    pharmaceutical companies, evolving from a service provider into a platform-based co-developer,
    significantly increasing the lifetime value of each customer. During the Reporting Period, our antibody
    R&D platform also made important technical breakthroughs. XtalFold®, developed by XtalPi in 2023
    and continuously upgraded, launched its new Ultra mode, greatly enhancing performance in modeling
    complex biomacromolecules. XtalFold ® has delivered strong results across multiple applications,
    including antigen design, epitope mapping, affinity maturation, pH sensitivity optimization,
    and bispecific antibody design. In rigorous benchmark tests, it demonstrated industry-leading
    performance in both overall success rate and modeling quality in challenging areas such as antibody–
    antigen interfaces. The platform has already been successfully licensed to multiple multinational
    pharmaceutical companies.

•   XtalPi AI drives key advances for two pipelines of incubated company Leman Biotech. (1)
    Leman’s metabolically enhanced CD19 CAR-T therapy has successfully treated multiple patients
    with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The therapy required only one-thousandth of the standard
    dose used in conventional CD19 CAR-T treatments and eliminated the need for lymphodepletion
    pretreatment, dramatically reducing side effects. After treatment, patients were able to discontinue
    all medications and were clinically confirmed to have achieved DORIS remission, that is, complete
    remission without medication. (2) Leman Biotech also accelerated preparation for its solid
    tumor CAR-T investigator-initiated trial (IIT). By combining AI algorithms with high-throughput
    experiments, we optimized a key metabolic enhancer, significantly improving receptor binding affinity
    and immune activity, enabling the project to advance into IIT preparation in the first half of 2025.




                                                                           Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   7
    Corporate Profile

                  (3)     Enhancing AI Capabilities to Create a Drug Discovery Superintelligence
                          •       Strengthening our Pfizer partnership while continuously improving AI-driven drug discovery
                                  models
                                  We have developed over 200 AI models covering molecular generation, free energy perturbation,
                                  property prediction, and crystal structure prediction. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, building
                                  on our earlier strategic partnership with Pfizer, we continued to iterate and optimize these models
                                  while deepening our collaboration to co-develop a next-generation, AI-driven molecular simulation
                                  platform. This collaboration focuses on constructing new classical mechanics-based models tailored
                                  to Pfizer’s unique chemical space and deploying Pfizer’s localized XFEP free energy perturbation
                                  platform, covering the entire workflow from parameter customization to FEP calculations. Additionally,
                                  we are actively expanding the platform’s capabilities across diverse applications, including small
                                  molecules, peptides, and antibodies, to comprehensively empower Pfizer’s drug discovery efforts.

                          •       AI-driven antibody platform XtalFold® continues to undergo iterative upgrades
                                  During the Reporting Period, our AI antibody development platform XtalFold® launched a new Ultra
                                  mode. Compared with Normal mode, Ultra mode improves accuracy by approximately 10 percentage
                                  points in antigen-antibody complex structure prediction, significantly enhancing its performance in
                                  modeling complex biomolecules. In July, our self-developed AI antibody drug structure modeling
                                  platform XtalFold® was honored as one of the “Top 10 AI Innovations (Technologies/Products)” at
                                  the World Artificial Intelligence Conference (WAIC). The platform was presented in a high-profile
                                  event at the conference, showcasing our Company’s leading strength in AI-driven biopharmaceutical
                                  technology.

                          •       Emerging Modality: Molecular Glue Platform
                                  During the Reporting Period, we officially launched the development of our Molecular Glue platform,
                                  focusing on the DMTA (Design — Make — Test — Analyze) closed-loop framework in new drug
                                  development. We are actively building a digital management system that integrates all modules
                                  seamlessly. Our core Molecular Glue team is now in place and has established initial collaboration
                                  with key opinion leaders from both industry and academia. Meanwhile, the team is conducting
                                  in-depth discussions with multiple pharmaceutical companies on specific targets and screening
                                  strategies. Initial feedback has been positive, and partnership intentions are steadily progressing.

                                  On computational modeling, our team continues to optimize our quantum physics–based XFEP
                                  algorithm and has developed new algorithmic models for molecular glues’ structure–activity
                                  relationships, capable of affinity and activity predictions. These models are currently undergoing
                                  iterations and improvements. Additionally, by integrating protein surface fingerprinting with structure-
                                  sequence-driven PPI mining algorithms, the team has successfully identified around 1,000 potential
                                  molecular glue targets using the representative E3 ligase cereblon (CRBN). This effort also led to the
                                  creation of a virtual molecular glue library containing over 1.1 million molecules.




8   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                               Corporate Profile

    On the experimental side, the platform has established a range of biological assays tailored for
    molecular glue screening. Leveraging the Company’s in-house cryo-EM capabilities, our team
    successfully resolved ternary complex structures at industry-leading resolution, providing critical
    structural insights for subsequent molecular optimization. Currently, screening for CRBN-dependent
    molecular glues is in full swing, with initial active hit molecules identified for two target proteins.

•   Emerging Modality — Peptide and Protein R&D Platform PepiX™
    During the Reporting Period, we launched PepiX™, a world-leading peptide and protein R&D platform
    that deeply integrates generative AI molecular design, automated synthesis, trillion-scale peptide
    library construction, and high-throughput screening. Through an iterative “AI-driven design–synthesis–
    validation” cycle, PepiX™ delivers high efficiency, precision, and success rates in peptide and protein
    drug development. The platform now supports early-stage peptide drug research, functional peptide
    product development, and discovery of new active cosmetic ingredients, achieving notable results
    across multiple fields.

    0    In AI-driven cancer vaccine development, candidate molecules designed by the platform have
         demonstrated strong immunogenicity in preclinical animal models and are poised to enter clinical
         trials.

    0    Two independently developed oral peptide health products for blood sugar regulation and
         fat reduction have completed efficacy and toxicology evaluations and are now entering the
         regulatory approval process.

    0    In collaboration with the National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS), a renal cancer FIC target
         development project leveraged the platform’s cyclic peptide design and high-throughput
         screening capabilities to rapidly achieve key milestones and has advanced to downstream
         efficacy validation.

    Additionally, to differentiate the platform, we have successfully established a library of over 2,000
    non-natural amino acid monomers. These monomers offer advantages such as ease of chemical
    synthesis, high structural diversity, and strong stability, with all compounds fully parameterized for
    computational modeling. The creation of this non-natural amino acid library significantly expands the
    chemical space for molecular design and exploration, effectively addressing key challenges in peptide
    drug development, such as poor stability, weak affinity, and low membrane permeability, from the very
    outset of computational design.




                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   9
     Corporate Profile

                           •       Breakthrough in mRNA2vec Technology: Pioneering a New Paradigm in mRNA Design
                                   At the AAAI (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence) conference, we presented our
                                   breakthrough research on mRNA2vec, pioneering a new paradigm for intelligent mRNA design. This
                                   AI-driven technology revolutionizes mRNA vaccine and drug development by optimizing sequence
                                   design, significantly enhancing expression levels and stability while addressing issues of traditional
                                   screening methods, like high costs and lengthy timelines. Leveraging mRNA2vec, we accurately
                                   identified highly efficient 5’UTR vectors that dramatically boost protein expression using only 15
                                   candidate sequences, greatly reducing trial-and-error costs and development cycles. This innovation
                                   overcomes dual challenges, optimizing expression while maintaining stability, paving the way for
                                   personalized mRNA therapeutics and empowering cutting-edge fields such as cancer vaccines and
                                   gene therapy.

     2.2    Intelligent Robotics Solutions: AI + Robotics Driving a Transformation in Chemistry
            During the Reporting Period, revenue from the intelligent robotics solutions business soared 95.9%, rising from
            RMB41.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB81.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
            This strong performance was driven by the rapid growth from our automated chemical synthesis services and our
            XtalPi R&D solutions.

            (1)    AI + Robotics Reshape the R&D Paradigm, Building Vertical Superintelligence
                   Leveraging AI + robotics, we have built a unique flywheel system integrating high-throughput experimentation,
                   high-quality data, and advanced AI models, the first of its kind in the industry. Our robotics lab platform operates
                   24/7, continuously conducting experiments and rapidly generating vast amounts of high-quality data. This data is
                   used to train various AI models, which are then applied across critical R&D processes, including target analysis,
                   molecular generation, virtual screening, synthesis strategy recommendation, reaction outcome prediction, patent
                   search, and structured knowledge management.

                   This system is profoundly transforming traditional R&D approaches and driving a paradigm shift in drug and
                   materials development. We firmly believe that vertical AI4S, powered by high-quality data, will become a
                   disruptive force in the industry.

                   Currently, our AI models and robotics laboratory have been widely applied across the field of chemistry,
                   significantly expanding the accessible chemical space, overcoming critical bottlenecks in drug and new material
                   molecule development, and effectively accelerating delivery timelines. During the Reporting Period, we also made
                   significant progress in several key technologies:

                   •       The Future of Chemistry: Innovation Breakthroughs Powered by Models and Data
                           In the chemical reaction stage, leveraging extensive experimental data from our robotics lab and knowledge
                           graphs obtained via the LLM-powered literature search tool PatSight, we have successfully developed
                           AI models for synthetic feasibility prediction and reaction condition recommendation covering common
                           reaction types. In practice, these models have boosted the success rate of predicting chemical reactions
                           to over 85%. As of 30 June 2025, we had accumulated 26 million chemical reaction data points through
                           robotics experiments and LLM-driven data mining of literature. Building on this robust data foundation, our
                           research has expanded from conventional reaction types to more challenging frontier chemistries such as
                           photochemical reactions, continuously generating high-value next-generation reaction data and pushing the
                           technical boundaries of the chemistry field.




10   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                      Corporate Profile

    In the separation and purification phase, we developed reaction condition recommendation and yield
    prediction models tailored for condition screening, which have been successfully applied in multiple client
    projects. In two of these projects, yields exceeded 50%. Additionally, we created separation algorithms
    optimized for high-and medium-pressure conditions, trained on 3,000 to 4,000 high-quality labeled data
    points. The high-pressure separation algorithm has been deployed in real client projects, delivering strong
    results and earning high customer praise.

    Additionally, we have completed the acquisition of Liverpool ChiroChem (LCC), a company with deep
    expertise in chiral chemistry, strengthening our capabilities in chemical space exploration. LCC boasts a
    world-leading library of chiral molecules and a high-quality database, offering significant advantages in
    molecular quality and diversity and providing strong data support for AI-driven exploration of the chiral
    chemical space. By integrating LCC’s resources and technological strengths, XtalPi will more efficiently and
    precisely deliver services to clients worldwide in new drug development, new material discovery, and high-
    value chemicals.

•   Breakthrough in Embodied Intelligence: “NeoDispenser” Solves Key Challenges in Robotic
    Laboratories
    In the Reporting Period, we achieved significant breakthroughs in robotic laboratories, notably advancing
    embodied intelligence technology. We successfully developed a new generation of modular robotic
    systems that integrate advanced visual perception, AI, and robotic technologies to tackle some of the most
    challenging problems in chemical research.

    For example, our new-generation modular robot features our patented “NeoDispenser,” a flexible gripper
    that successfully mimics human hand operations with exceptional dexterity, earning recognition from
    top global clients. This design addresses three major industry pain points: (1) precise handling of trace
    powders: the NeoDispenser can accurately dispense solid reagents below 5 mg; (2) overcoming traditional
    solutions’ poor adaptability to different powders: due to high variability in powder flow, viscosity, and
    particle size distribution, existing automated solutions cover only limited powder types and often rely heavily
    on manual operations. The NeoDispenser effectively resolves these adaptability issues, advancing the
    industry toward greater automation and intelligence; (3) eliminating intermediate containers to reduce costly
    material waste: the NeoDispenser draws powder directly from original reagent bottles, avoiding secondary
    transfers and sample preprocessing, significantly reducing loss of expensive reagents and small-volume
    samples.

    Its core technical features include:

    Advanced Visual Perception: Features cutting-edge visual perception algorithms that analyze powder
    characteristics in real time, enabling precise identification and handling of different powder types.

    Intelligent Database: Integrates a comprehensive powder attribute database with advanced learning
    capabilities that continuously optimize powder handling strategies.

    Powder Analysis Foundation Model: Powered by a specialized AI model trained and fine-tuned on
    diverse powder datasets to accurately predict powder properties and behavior.

    Seamless Robot Integration: Seamlessly connects with powder packaging and other robotic systems,
    adjusting parameters and control strategies in real-time based on visual feedback.




                                                                                 Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   11
     Corporate Profile

                   •       Multi-Agent Systems Driving a Revolution in Chemistry: From Massive Chemical Space
                           Exploration to Fully Autonomous Decision-Making
                           We are progressively deploying Multi-Agent systems across the entire chemical synthesis workflow. For
                           the Reporting Period, we successfully built a cost-effective, high-performance data platform capable
                           of predicting synthetic feasibility across trillions of chemical compounds. Combined with Multi-Agent
                           acceleration, this platform enables fully autonomous execution of chemical synthesis experiments.
                           Our Multi-Agent system includes modules for procurement decision-making, automated experiment
                           execution, reaction process control, and data management and quality assurance, all working in concert
                           with specialized AI model tools. This system not only enables autonomous decision-making and efficient
                           synthesis execution but also significantly boosts synthesis throughput and data accumulation, ultimately
                           leading to the establishment of a closed-loop system for high-throughput automated synthesis data.

                   •       LLM-powered Drug R&D Data Extraction — PatSight Patent Mining Platform Accelerates
                           Structure Analysis
                           Our PatSight patent mining platform, jointly developed and iterated with the IDEA Research Institute, has
                           achieved breakthrough progress powered by LLMs and deep neural network technologies. The platform
                           can efficiently extract core data from literature and patents, such as molecular structures, activities,
                           pharmacological effects, and reactions, with an accuracy rate of up to 97%, significantly enhancing the
                           efficiency of structure analysis and data acquisition. PatSight overcomes the inefficiencies of traditional
                           manual processing, providing effective public big data support for AI4S models in specialized domains.
                           During the Reporting Period, the platform secured multiple procurement and collaboration agreements with
                           domestic and multinational pharmaceutical companies.

                   •       Consistently Upgrading our Materials Research Platform and Exploring Applications Across
                           Multiple Material Domains
                           During the Reporting Period, we established a next-generation smart, automated crystallization
                           platform that covers the entire process, from experimental design and screening execution to analysis,
                           characterization, and report generation. This platform enables serialized, centralized, full-volume data
                           management, significantly expanding the Company’s use of digitalization and smart technology in materials
                           research. Meanwhile, we have continued to expand our technological applications across new chemical
                           materials, including adhesives, coatings, electrolytes, catalysts, and advanced carbon materials. We have
                           also secured orders from several leading companies in the materials sector, with overall project progress
                           advancing smoothly.

            (2)    XtalPi R&D Solutions Achieve Global Commercial Breakthroughs
                   With the continuous advancement of XtalPi’s technological capabilities, our XtalPi R&D solutions have gained
                   customer recognition and are rapidly expanding into international markets. During the Reporting Period:

                   •       We signed a multi-million US Dollar agreement with South Korea-based JW Pharmaceutical,
                           one of Asia’s leading pharmaceutical companies. Under the deal, XtalPi will deliver a comprehensive
                           solution that includes a high-throughput automated synthesis workstation, an AI-driven reaction condition
                           optimization system, and an intelligent analysis platform. Featuring Bayesian optimization algorithms,
                           digital experiment management, and advanced automated lab technologies, this integrated solution will
                           significantly boost synthesis success rates and repeatability while shortening drug development cycles. The
                           collaboration will provide JW with a robust technological foundation to accelerate breakthrough pipeline
                           development in oncology, metabolic diseases, and other key areas, fast-tracking more globally competitive
                           drug candidates into clinical trials.




12   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                   Corporate Profile

          •     We signed a multi-million US Dollar cooperation agreement with Liangzhu Laboratory, established
                by Zhejiang University in July 2020. Specializing in tissue degeneration and gene mutation diseases,
                Liangzhu serves as a strategic scientific bridge between academia and the life sciences industry. Under this
                partnership, XtalPi and Liangzhu will collaborate on setting up a robotics-powered biomaterials laboratory,
                with XtalPi providing a smart robotics platform spanning their entire workflow from synthesis to testing.

          •     We entered into a key partnership with Roche, under which XtalPi will integrate robotics, transport
                and barcode scanning modules, stacker cranes, and automated pallet and tube handling systems to
                enable automated sorting, high-throughput storage, and precise retrieval of molecular building blocks.
                Users can customize their experimental workflows through a flexible software interface. Moreover, the
                system’s smart algorithms handle autonomous storage allocation, intelligent shortage alerts, and retrieval
                notifications based on building block usage frequency, greatly enhancing automation in experiment material
                management and improving overall laboratory efficiency.

3.   Prospects and Outlook
     We believe the future of scientific discovery lies in the seamless fusion of artificial intelligence, embodied intelligence,
     and human insight. We are boldly tackling challenges to unlock new frontiers, transforming technological barriers into
     breakthroughs and visionary ideas into impactful solutions. By building superintelligent systems for life and materials
     sciences, we seek to reshape the future of human civilization through a pioneering new research paradigm.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     REVENUE
     We generate revenue from (i) drug discovery solutions and (ii) intelligent robotics solutions. We provide either standalone
     solutions or services or a combination of our solutions or services, depending on our customers’ needs.

     The table below sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business line:


                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


     Drug discovery solutions                                                                    435,212               60,850
     Intelligent robotics solutions                                                                81,864              41,780


     Total                                                                                       517,076              102,630


     Our revenue increased by 403.8% from RMB102.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB517.1 million for
     the six months ended 30 June 2025.

     Drug discovery solutions. Our revenue generated from our provision of drug discovery solutions increased largely by
     615.2% from RMB60.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB435.2 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2025, primarily due to the achievement of the first-phase milestone of our major collaboration with DoveTree and a
     significant increase in the revenue from our antibody business.

     Intelligent robotics solutions. Our revenue generated from intelligent robotics solutions increased by 95.9% from RMB41.8
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB81.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily
     attributable to the significant growth from our automated chemical synthesis services and our XtalPi R&D solutions.

     Cost of Revenue
     Our cost of revenue increased by 47.7% from RMB55.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB82.0 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to the increase of services we delivered.

     General and Administrative Expenses
     Our general and administrative expenses decreased by 14.5% from RMB234.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 to RMB200.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to the absence of listing expenses during
     the Reporting Period and reduction in share-based compensation expenses.

     Research and Development Expenses
     Our R&D expenses increased by 5.3% from RMB210.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB221.5 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase in our R&D spending is mainly due to increase in the number of R&D
     scientists employed by the Group.

     Selling and Marketing Expenses
     Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 16.5% from RMB34.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to
     RMB40.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to the increased human resources investment to
     enhance market penetration of our core business lines and to expand into new business areas.




14   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

Other Income
Our other income decreased by 27.7% from RMB42.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB30.6 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to a decrease in the government grants recognised as the
corresponding recognition conditions were fulfilled.

Other Gains/(Losses), Net
Our other gains/(losses), net turned from a loss of RMB2.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to a gain of
RMB37.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to the increase in the gain on fair value of
financial assets at FVTPL.

Operating Profit/(Loss)
Operating profit/(loss) turned from a loss of RMB392.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to a profit of
RMB32.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to the abovementioned factors.

Finance Income, Net
Our finance income, net increased by 47.5% from RMB32.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB48.2
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to the increase in interest income from our term deposits,
contributed by the increase in average balance of our term deposits in total for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

Change in Fair Value of CRPS
We recognised fair value loss of CRPS of RMB875.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, and we did not record
any further changes in fair value of CRPS for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as such CRPS were re-designated from
liabilities to equity as a result of the automatic conversion into ordinary shares upon our Listing.

Profit/(loss) for the Period
As a result of the continued expansion of our business scale and substantial revenue growth, we recorded a turnaround to
profitability, from a net loss of RMB1,237.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to a net profit of RMB75.6
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

Non-IFRS Measure
In evaluating our business, we consider and use adjusted net profit/(loss), a non-IFRS financial measure, to supplement the
review and assessment of our operating performance. We believe such non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of our
operating performance from period to period by eliminating the potential impact of certain items. We believe that the
measure provides useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in
the same manner as they help our management. The use of the non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and
you should not consider it in isolation from, as a substitute for analysis of, or superior to, our results of operations or
financial conditions as reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS financial measure may be defined differently from
similar terms used by other companies, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other
companies.

We define adjusted net profit/(loss) (non-IFRS measure) as net profit/(loss) adjusted by adding back (i) changes in fair value
of CRPS, (ii) share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses. Share-based compensation expenses mainly
represent expenses incurred in connection with our employee stock ownership plan, reflecting equity awards granted to
employees. All of our CRPS were automatically converted into ordinary shares upon the Listing and no further gains or
losses related to valuation changes in these instruments will be recorded after the conversion. These two reconciling items
are non-cash items. Listing expenses are expenses related to the Global Offering (as defined in the prospectus of the
Company dated 4 June 2024).




                                                                                            Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     The following table sets forth our adjusted net profit/(loss) (non-IFRS measure) for the periods indicated:

                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                     75,609       (1,237,550)
     Add:
     Changes in fair value of CRPS                                                                        —          875,356
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                                66,019          78,922
     Listing expenses                                                                                     —           31,876


     Adjusted net profit/(loss) (non-IFRS measure)                                                   141,628         (251,396)


     Trade and Note Receivables
     Our trade and note receivables, net of credit loss allowance, increased by 403.3% from RMB98.7 million as of 31
     December 2024 to RMB497.0 million as of 30 June 2025, primarily contributed by our growth in revenue, including the
     trade receivable amounted to US$51.0 million (approximately RMB365.1 million) in relation to the DoveTree collaboration,
     and such amount has been fully received as at the date of this report.

     Intangible Assets
     Intangible assets increased from RMB7.7 million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB230.9 million as of 30 June 2025,
     primarily due to the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets arising from the acquisition of Shanghai Siwei Medical
     Technology Co., Ltd. (上海四維醫學科技有限公司) (“Shanghai Siwei”) in the six months ended 30 June 2025. Further
     details of the acquisition are set out in the section headed “SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND MATERIAL
     ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS” below.

     Other Payables and Accruals
     Other payables and accruals increased by 52.4% from RMB157.1 million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB239.4 million as
     of 30 June 2025, primarily due to payables of RMB125.0 million arising from the acquisition of Shanghai Siwei in the six
     months ended 30 June 2025. As of the date of this report, such payables had been fully settled.

     Bank Borrowings
     Our bank borrowings increased by 441.3% from RMB51.9 million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB280.9 million as of 30
     June 2025, reflecting the net increased balance of our bank borrowings. Our bank borrowings as of 30 June 2025 were
     denominated in Renminbi, repayable within one and a half year, and guaranteed by our subsidiaries and one patent held by
     one of our subsidiaries, all of which carried fixed interest rate, not more than 3.2% per annum.

     Net Current Assets
     We had net current assets of RMB3,035.5 million as of 31 December 2024 and RMB5,352.8 million as of 30 June 2025.
     The 76.3% increase in our net current assets was primarily attributable to the net proceeds from two placings of new
     Shares in January and February 2025, respectively.

     Gearing Ratio
     As at 30 June 2025, the gearing ratio (net debt (bank borrowings less Cash Balance) divided by total equity) of the Group
     had a net cash position (31 December 2024: net cash position). And the Cash Balance exceeded the bank borrowings by
     RMB5,026.8 million (31 December 2024: RMB3,071.5 million).



16   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, we financed our capital expenditure and working capital requirements primarily
through capital contributions from our shareholders and cash inflows from our business operations. We intend to continue
relying on cash flows from operations and those from financing activities including net proceeds from the Global Offering
and proceeds from the placing of new shares. As of 30 June 2025, the sum of our cash and cash equivalents, term
deposits, current portion of financial assets at FVTPL and restricted cash was RMB5,307.7 million, as compared with
RMB3,123.4 million as of 31 December 2024.

With respect to cash management, we have established treasury and investment policies, such as our treasury
management policy (資金管理制度), to monitor and manage our settlement activities and financing activities (including
broadening and diversification of fundraising channels and cash management tools), and to control the risks relating to
bank deposits and/or the purchase of financial instruments. We place term deposits and/or purchase financial instruments
only when we have spare cash in addition to sufficient cash for our operations and in the best interest of our Company.

Cash Burn Rate and Working Capital Sufficiency
Our cash burn rate refers to the average monthly aggregate amount of (i) net cash used in operating activities, (ii) capital
expenditures, and (iii) lease payment. Due to our strong revenue growth, our monthly average cash burn rate decreased by
20.0% from RMB62.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB49.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025. Assuming our average cash burn rate going forward will be similar to the cash burn rate level in the first half of 2025,
we estimate that our cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, current portion of financial assets at FVTPL and restricted
cash as of 30 June 2025, being RMB5,307.7 million, will be able to maintain our financial viability for approximately 107
months. We have sufficient working capital to support our operations for approximately 8.9 years.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As of 30 June 2024 and 2025, we did not have material contingent liabilities that were expected to materially and adversely
affect our financial condition or results of operations.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Our capital expenditures are used to expand our operations and upgrade our facilities. For the six months ended 30 June
2024 and 2025, we incurred capital expenditures of RMB34.2 million and RMB45.2 million, respectively, primarily
consisting of expenditures on property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE
Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a
currency that is not our entities’ functional currency. We closely monitor our foreign exchange exposures and will take
actions as necessary to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As of 30 June 2025, one patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group (As of 31 December 2024: one
patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group).




                                                                                            Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     Material acquisitions
     On 10 May 2025, Shenzhen XtalPi Technology Co., Ltd. (深圳晶泰科技有限公司) (the “Purchaser”), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of the Company, entered into the equity purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with Ningbo Meishan Free
     Trade Port Hongmuwei Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (寧波梅山保稅港區弘睦維投資管理合夥
     企業(有限合夥)) (“Vendor 1”), Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Hongmuhe Investment Management Partnership (Limited
     Partnership)* (寧波梅山保稅港區弘睦和投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Vendor 2”), Shanghai Honghewei Medical Technology
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海弘和維醫學科技合夥企業 (有限合夥)) (“Vendor 3”, together with Vendor 1 and
     Vendor 2, the “Vendors”), Mr. Cai Zhongxi, Mr. Sheng Haifeng, Mr. Huang Yaojie, Mr. Wei Hongmin (collectively, the
     “Guarantors”), and Shanghai Siwei, pursuant to which, the Purchaser conditionally agreed to purchase, and the Vendors
     conditionally agreed to sell the 90% equity interest in Shanghai Siwei at an aggregate consideration of RMB250.0 million.
     Completion of the acquisition took place on 16 May 2025.

     Pursuant to the Agreement, the Vendors and the Guarantors undertook to the Purchaser that Shanghai Siwei’s revenue
     from its principal business generated from projects in Shanghai region for the financial year ending 31 December 2025 (the
     “Performance Guarantee Year”) shall not be less than RMB27.0 million (the “Guaranteed Revenue”). Within 90
     business days after the end of the Performance Guaranteed Year, the Purchaser and the Vendors shall jointly engage a
     third party qualified accounting firm to conduct an independent audit of Shanghai Siwei with respect to the actual realised
     revenue for the Performance Guarantee Year (the “Actual Realised Revenue”). In the event that the Actual Realised
     Revenue is lower than the Guaranteed Revenue, the Purchaser shall have the right to request the Vendors and the
     Guarantors to compensate the Purchaser the shortfall between the Guaranteed Revenue and the Actual Realised Revenue
     by cash.

     For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 11 May 2025.

     Significant investments
     The following table summarises the information regarding the Group’s investments classified as financial assets at FVTPL
     with a carrying amount that accounted for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of 30 June 2025:

                                                                                                                                                                     Fair value gain
                                                                                                                                                     Percentage       during the six     Realised gain
                                                                                              Principal                                              of fair value   months ended        during the six
                                         Description of                                amount held as           Cost of     Fair value as of     relative to total    30 June 2025       months ended
     Product invested                    the underlying investments                    of 30 June 2025      investment        30 June 2025                 assets       (unrealised)      30 June 2025
                                                                                                  RMB             RMB                  RMB                                      RMB               RMB
                                                                                                (million)       (million)            (million)                               (million)          (million)

     Notes issued by Fosun Hani Global   The product primarily invests in US Dollar                575.2          575.2                595.9                7.7%                 15.5               12.6
        Limited                          time deposits, US treasury bills, US
                                         treasury notes and US treasury bonds,
                                         fixed rate notes and private equity assets.

     The investments in wealth management products under financial assets at FVTPL were made for treasury management
     purposes to maximise return on available funds held by the Group.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no other significant investments held as at 30 June 2025, and no material acquisitions
     or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




18   XtalPi Holdings Limited      Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
We did not have any concrete plan for material investments or acquisition of capital assets other than those mentioned in
this report, the prospectus of the Company dated 4 June 2024 or in our previous announcements during the six months
ended 30 June 2025, including the announcements on the two placings of new Shares in January and February 2025,
respectively.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of 30 June 2025, we had a total of 1,054 employees. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the total remuneration
cost incurred by the Group was RMB316.8 million (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB315.5 million).

The remuneration of our Group’s employees comprises salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund, share-based
payment, and social security contributions and other welfare payments, which are determined by their responsibilities,
qualifications, positions and seniority. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we make contributions to social
security insurance funds (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment
insurance and maternity insurance) and housing funds for the Group’s employees.

We provide formal and comprehensive company-level and department-level training to our new employees, followed by on-
the-job training. We also provide training and development programs to our employees from time-to-time to ensure their
awareness and compliance with our various policies and procedures. Some of the training is conducted jointly by
departments serving different functions but working with or supporting each other in our day-to-day operations.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
The net proceeds raised from the Global Offering (including net proceeds raised from the shares issued as a result of the
partial exercise of the over-allotment option) (the “IPO Proceeds”) were approximately HK$915.18 million. As of 30 June
2025, details of the utilisation of such net proceeds are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                          Expected timeline
                                                                                      Amount of net                               Utilised net         Unutilised net     for utilising the
                                                                                       proceeds for      Percentage of total   proceeds as of         proceeds as of      remaining balance
Use of proceeds from Global Offering                                            planned applications          net proceeds       30 June 2025           30 June 2025      of net proceeds
                                                                                         (HK$ million)                             (HK$ million)          (HK$ million)

Enhancing R&D capabilities and solutions provision                                             686.39                  75%              150.49                 535.90     By 2029
(i) upgrading and optimising the quantum physics-based closed-loop
     integrated technology platform:
     — recruit automation-related talents and compound talents                                 91.52                  10%                 7.02                  84.50
     — build automated workstations, centrifuges and other ancillary
        equipment                                                                               91.52                  10%                 4.76                  86.76
     — build an intelligent computing center and further upgrade and improve
        the intelligent computing resource allocation system                                   183.04                  20%                31.81                151.23
(ii) enhancing the ability to develop solutions in the biotechnology,
     pharmaceutical, materials science (including agritech, energy and new
     chemicals, and cosmetics):
     — recruit five professionals in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
        sectors and build a team that can fully operate and support the R&D
        and delivery of materials                                                              137.28                  15%                18.51                118.77
     — purchase protein chromatography purifiers, cryo-EM accessories,
        flow cytometers, mass spectrometers, microplate readers and other
        instruments                                                                            109.82                  12%                15.18                  94.64



                                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025    XtalPi Holdings Limited   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis

                                                                                                                                                                              Expected timeline
                                                                                             Amount of net                               Utilised net      Unutilised net     for utilising the
                                                                                              proceeds for      Percentage of total   proceeds as of      proceeds as of      remaining balance
     Use of proceeds from Global Offering                                              planned applications          net proceeds       30 June 2025        30 June 2025      of net proceeds
                                                                                                (HK$ million)                             (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)

     (iii) lease of properties for and improvements of the R&D centers in Shanghai
           and Shenzhen                                                                                73.21                    8%               73.21                  —

     Improving commercialisation capability in and beyond China                                       137.28                  15%                40.63               96.64    By 2029
     (i) expanding business development and marketing team with a focus on
          development of relationship with potential customers that are famous
          pharmaceutical/contract research organisation/contract development and
          manufacturing organisation companies in China and overseas countries or
          regions, especially in the United States                                                     73.21                    8%                9.22               63.99
     (ii) business development activities overseas in addition to the recruitment of
          business development and marketing staff as mentioned above                                  64.06                    7%               31.41               32.65


     For working capital and general corporate purposes                                                91.52                  10%                91.52                  —


     Total                                                                                            915.18                 100%              282.64              632.54


     Notes:

     (1)      The sum of the data may not add up to the total due to rounding.

     (2)      The above expected time frame of unutilised amount is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen circumstances,
              and would be subject to change based on the future development of the Group and the market conditions.


     As of 30 June 2025, the Directors were not aware of any material change in the planned use of the net proceeds. All the
     unused net proceeds have been deposited in short-term interest-bearing accounts at licensed commercial banks and/or
     other authorised financial institutions maintained by the Group.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACINGS
     January Placing
     On 19 January 2025, the Company announced the placing of 264,000,000 new Shares to not less than six placees at the
     placing price of HK$4.28 per Share (the “January Placing”), which was completed on 24 January 2025. To the best of the
     Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees were professional,
     institutional, or other investors that are, together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, third parties independent
     of the Company and its connected persons.

     The aggregate nominal value of the Shares under the January Placing is US$2,640. The market price of the Shares as
     quoted on the Stock Exchange on 17 January 2025, being the last trading date immediately prior to the date on which the
     terms of the January Placing were fixed, was HK$4.65 per Share.

     The gross proceeds from the January Placing amounted to approximately HK$1,130.00 million, and the net proceeds (after
     deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the January Placing amounted
     to approximately HK$1,125.00 million. On this basis, the net price per Share under the January Placing was approximately
     HK$4.26.



20   XtalPi Holdings Limited        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the January Placing primarily for (i) continuous product iterations and
upgrades to enhance its research and development technological capabilities and solution capabilities, (ii) facilitating the
commercialization of the Company, strengthening external collaborations, and expanding the scale and market share of the
Company, (iii) investing in potential opportunities, talent attraction and introduction, working capital replenishment and
general corporate purposes.

To the extent that the net proceeds from the January Placing are not immediately used for the purposes described above,
the Company may hold such proceeds in short-term deposits or purchase short-term wealth management products so
long as it is deemed to be in the best interests of the Company.

As of 30 June 2025, approximately HK$643.57 million of the proceeds from the January Placing have been utilised, details
of which are set out below:

                                                                                  Amount of net                                                                      Expected timeline
                                                                                   proceeds for                              Utilised net         Unutilised net     for utilising the
                                                                                       planned      Percentage of total   proceeds as of         proceeds as of      remaining balance
Use of proceeds from the January Placing                                           applications          net proceeds       30 June 2025           30 June 2025      of net proceeds
                                                                                    (HK$ million)                             (HK$ million)          (HK$ million)

(i)   continuous product iterations and upgrades to enhance its research and              247.50                  22%              240.73                    6.77    By 2027
      development technological capabilities and solution capabilities
(ii) facilitating the commercialisation of the Company, strengthening external            506.25                  45%                31.59                474.66     By 2027
      collaborations, and expanding the scale and market share of the Company
(iii) investing in potential opportunities, talent attraction and introduction,           371.25                  33%              371.25                      —
      working capital replenishment and general corporate purposes


Total                                                                                   1,125.00                 100%              643.57                 481.43


Notes:

(1)      The sum of the data may not add up to the total due to rounding.

(2)      The above expected time frame of unutilised amount is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen circumstances,
          and would be subject to change based on the future development of the Group and the market conditions.


February Placing
On 19 February 2025, the Company announced the placing of 342,288,000 new Shares to not less than six placees at the
placing price of HK$6.10 per Share (the “February Placing”), which was completed on 25 February 2025. To the best of
the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees were professional,
institutional, or other investors that are, together with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, third parties independent
of the Company and its connected persons.

The aggregate nominal value of the Shares under the February Placing is US$3,422.88. The market price of the Shares as
quoted on the Stock Exchange on 18 February 2025, being the date on which the terms of the February Placing were
fixed, was HK$6.48 per Share.




                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025    XtalPi Holdings Limited   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     The gross proceeds from the February Placing amounted to approximately HK$2,088.00 million, and the net proceeds
     (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the February Placing
     amounted to approximately HK$2,080.00 million. On this basis, the net price per Share under the February Placing was
     approximately HK$6.08.

     The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the February Placing primarily for (i) continuous product iterations and
     upgrades to enhance its research and development technological capabilities and solution capabilities, and data generation
     and model building; (ii) product commercialisation and business development, strengthening business collaborations with
     external parties and partners which are engaged in similar and mutually beneficial industries as the Group, and expanding
     the scale and market share of the Company; and (iii) acquisitions and investing in potential opportunities, talent attraction
     and introduction, working capital replenishment and general corporate purposes.

     To the extent that the net proceeds from the February Placing are not immediately used for the purposes described above,
     the Company may hold such proceeds in short-term deposits or purchase short-term wealth management products so
     long as it is deemed to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

     As of 30 June 2025, approximately HK$507.66 million of the proceeds from the February Placing have been utilised, details
     of which are set out below:

                                                                                        Amount of net                                                                   Expected timeline
                                                                                         proceeds for                              Utilised net      Unutilised net     for utilising the
                                                                                             planned      Percentage of total   proceeds as of      proceeds as of      remaining balance
     Use of proceeds from the February Placing                                           applications          net proceeds       30 June 2025        30 June 2025      of net proceeds
                                                                                          (HK$ million)                             (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)

     (i)   continuous product iterations and upgrades to enhance its research and               832.00                  40%                   —              832.00     By 2034
           development technological capabilities and solution capabilities, and data
           generation and model building
     (ii) product commercialisation and business development, strengthening                     416.00                  20%                   —              416.00     By 2034
           business collaborations with external parties and partners which are
           engaged in similar and mutually beneficial industries as the Group, and
           expanding the scale and market share of the Company
     (iii) acquisitions and investing in potential opportunities, talent attraction             832.00                  40%              507.66              324.34     By 2034
           and introduction, working capital replenishment and general corporate
           purposes


     Total                                                                                    2,080.00                 100%              507.66            1,572.34


     Notes:

     (1)      The sum of the data may not add up to the total due to rounding.

     (2)      The above expected time frame of unutilised amount is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen circumstances,
              and would be subject to change based on the future development of the Group and the market conditions.


     As of 30 June 2025, the Directors were not aware of any material change in the planned use of the net proceeds. To the
     extent that the net proceeds from the Placings are not immediately used for the purposes described above, the Company
     may hold such proceeds in short-term deposits or purchase short-term wealth management products so long as it is
     deemed to be in the best interests of the Company.




22   XtalPi Holdings Limited        Interim Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF
THE COMPANY IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in any of the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
SFO (including interests and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO),
or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

Interests in Shares and underlying Shares
                                                                                                       Number
                                                                                                    of Shares/               Percentage of
                                                                                                    underlying             shareholding in
Name of Director                       Capacity/nature of interest                                    Shares(1)             the Company(2)

Dr. Wen Shuhao                         Beneficial owner(3)                                       81,093,362 (L)                       2.02%
                                       Founder of trust(4)                                      222,126,400 (L)                       5.53%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(5)(6)                 447,615,658 (L)                      11.14%

Dr. Ma Jian                            Beneficial owner(7)                                       45,230,342 (L)                        1.13%
                                       Founder of trust(8)                                      122,908,500 (L)                        3.06%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(9)                     59,103,125 (L)                        1.47%

Dr. Lai Lipeng                         Beneficial owner(10)                                      32,315,661 (L)                        0.80%
                                       Founder of trust(11)                                      87,814,140 (L)                        2.18%

Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                    Founder of trust(12)                                        3,800,000 (L)                       0.09%
                                       Beneficiary of trust(13)                                    3,800,000 (L)                       0.09%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(14)                      2,400,000 (L)                       0.06%

Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen              Beneficiary of trust(15)                                      900,000 (L)                       0.02%

Ms. Chan Wing Ki                       Beneficiary of trust(16)                                      450,000 (L)                       0.01%

Mr. Chow Ming Sang                     Beneficiary of trust(17)                                      450,000 (L)                       0.01%

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes long positions.

(2)   Calculated based on 4,019,811,761 Shares in issue as of 30 June 2025.

(3)   Representing 81,093,362 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Wen Shuhao under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

(4)   QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF
      (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under the SFO,
      Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to have a long position in 222,126,400 Shares.

(5)   QuantumPharm Roc, the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
      thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed
      to be interested in the 236,893,018 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.



                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     (6)    Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
            of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached to
            the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to be interested in the 122,908,500
            Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

     (7)    Representing 45,230,342 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Ma Jian under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (8)    Crete Helix is held as to 99% by MH International Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is
            the trustee of the MH Fund Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Ma Jian as settlor. Under the SFO, Dr. Ma Jian is deemed
            to be interested in the 122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested.

     (9)    Representing 59,103,125 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP held by QuantumPharm Employee
            Holdings, a holding vehicle wholly owned by the trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
            employees and ex-employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit
            Trust dated 28 June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole
            power to make all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the trust and to give
            instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

     (10)   Representing 32,315,661 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Lai Lipeng under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (11)   SeveningBAlpha is held as to 99% by LPHappy Holding, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the
            trustee of the LPHappy Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Lai Lipeng as settlor. Under the SFO, Dr. Lai Lipeng is
            deemed to be interested in the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

     (12)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
            trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of his spouse. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be interested
            in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

     (13)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
            trust established by the spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is
            deemed to be interested in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

     (14)   Representing 2,400,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by ASJX Envision LLC. ASJX
            Envision LLC is held as to 40% by a revocable trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, 40% by a revocable trust established by the
            spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan and 20% by a family trust established by them. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be
            interested in the Shares in which ASJX Envision LLC is interested.

     (15)   Representing 900,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

     (16)   Representing 450,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. Chan Wing Ki under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

     (17)   Representing 450,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Mr. Chow Ming Sang under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the Company,
     none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
     Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of SFO (including interests
     and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required,
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise required to be notified to
     the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




24   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information

INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As of 30 June 2025, so far as the Directors were aware, the following persons (not being a Director or chief executive of the
Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein:

Interests in the Shares
                                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                       Number of              shareholding in
Name of Shareholder                    Nature of interest                                                Shares(1)             the Company(2)

WSH Family Holdings Limited            Interest in controlled corporation(3)                      669,742,058 (L)                       16.66%

TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                      Trustee of trusts(3)                                       669,742,058 (L)                       16.66%

QuantumPharm Holdings Limited Beneficial owner                                                    222,126,400 (L)                        5.53%
                              Interest in controlled corporation(4)(5)                            447,615,658 (L)                       11.14%

QuantumPharm Roc Holdings              Beneficial owner                                           236,893,018 (L)                         5.89%
  Limited

5Y Capital GP Limited                  Interest in controlled corporation(6)                      229,291,801 (L)                         5.70%

Liu Qin                                Interest in controlled corporation(6)                      229,291,801 (L)                         5.70%

Ni Yuanyuan                            Interest of spouse(7)                                      229,291,801 (L)                         5.70%

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes long positions.

(2)   Calculated based on 4,019,811,761 Shares in issue as of 30 June 2025.

(3)   QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF
      (Cayman) Ltd., being the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under
      the SFO, each of WSH Family Holdings and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which QuantumPharm
      Holdings is interested.

(4)   QuantumPharm Roc, being the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
      thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is
      deemed to be interested in the 236,893,018 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.

(5)   Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
      of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached
      to the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is deemed to be interested in the
      122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

(6)   Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P., are exempted limited
      partnerships established under the laws of the Cayman Islands and are controlled by 5Y Capital GP Limited, as their general partner.
      Liu Qin is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of one-half of the voting power of all issued shares in 5Y Capital GP Limited at
      its general meeting. Under the SFO, each of 5Y Capital GP Limited and Liu Qin is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which
      Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P. are interested.

(7)   Ni Yuanyuan is the spouse of Liu Qin. Under the SFO, Ni Yuanyuan is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Liu Qin is
      interested.

Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person (not being a Director or
chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which would
fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As of 30 June 2025, the Company did
     not hold any treasury shares.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct for dealings in the securities of the Company by the
     Directors.

     Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the six months ended 30
     June 2025.


     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this interim report, we have three share schemes in effect.

     1.     Pre-IPO ESOP
            The Pre-IPO ESOP was adopted by the Shareholders on 14 July 2021 and amended on 5 August 2021. No further
            awards was or will be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP after the Listing. The terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP are not
            subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

            Details of the outstanding options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP as of 30 June 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                         Number
                                                                                                                        Number          Number        of options
                                                                                                                      of Shares       of options      cancelled/       Number
                                                                                                                     underlying       exercised         forfeited    of Shares
                                                                                                                    outstanding       during the      during the underlying the
                                                       Exercise                                                    options as of     six months      six months outstanding
                                                     price (US$                                                       1 January           ended           ended options as of
            Name of grantee       Date of grant       per share) Vesting status              Exercise period               2025    30 June 2025    30 June 2025 30 June 2025

            Directors
            Dr. Wen Shuhao        15 April 2021      0.18792135 Fully vested                   15 April 2021–        38,183,588                –              –      38,183,588
                                                                                                   14 April 2031
                                  24 November 2023    0.2467842 50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–        42,909,774                –              –      42,909,774
                                                                    months commencing from         23 November
                                                                    the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                                    be vested after 36 months
                                                                    commencing from the
                                                                    Listing Date and 25% will
                                                                    be vested after 48 months
                                                                    commencing from the
                                                                    Listing Date
            Dr. Ma Jian           15 April 2021      0.18792135 Fully vested                   15 April 2021–        21,436,379                –              –      21,436,379
                                                                                                   14 April 2031
                                  24 November 2023    0.2467842 50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–        23,793,963                –              –      23,793,963
                                                                    months commencing from         23 November
                                                                    the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                                    be vested after 36 months
                                                                    commencing from the
                                                                    Listing Date and 25% will
                                                                    be vested after 48 months
                                                                    commencing from the
                                                                    Listing Date



26   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                            Corporate Governance and Other Information

                                                                                                                                                    Number
                                                                                                                  Number           Number        of options
                                                                                                                of Shares        of options      cancelled/       Number
                                                                                                               underlying        exercised         forfeited    of Shares
                                                                                                              outstanding        during the      during the underlying the
                                               Exercise                                                      options as of      six months      six months outstanding
                                             price (US$                                                         1 January            ended           ended options as of
Name of grantee       Date of grant           per share) Vesting status              Exercise period                 2025     30 June 2025    30 June 2025 30 June 2025

Dr. Lai Lipeng        15 April 2021          0.18792135 Fully vested                   15 April 2021–          15,315,639                 –                 –   15,315,639
                                                                                           14 April 2031
                      24 November 2023        0.2467842 50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–          17,000,022                 –                 –   17,000,022
                                                            months commencing from         23 November
                                                            the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                            be vested after 36 months
                                                            commencing from the
                                                            Listing Date and 25% will
                                                            be vested after 48 months
                                                            commencing from the
                                                            Listing Date
Dr. Jiang Yide Alan   1 October 2015             0.0008 Fully vested                   1 October 2015–        10,000,000(1)               –                 –   10,000,000
                                                                                           14 July 2031

Consultants
2 grantees(3)         3 September 2019          0.26309 Fully vested                 3 September 2019–             53,215                 –                 –       53,215
                                                                                         2 September
                                                                                         2029
                      3 September 2019          0.26309 Fully vested                 3 September 2019–            478,934                 –                 –      478,934
                                                                                         2 September
                                                                                         2029

Ex-employees and other employees (who are not Directors or consultants)
167 grantees (range   26 November 2015     0.00032458 A, B, C, D(4)                  Within 10 years from      17,943,004         2,730,500          322,500    14,890,004
    of 1 to 499,999       to 1 March           to 0.527                                  the date of grant
    Shares underlying     2024
    the options
    granted)
19 grantees (range    1 February 2017 to   0.00283995 A, B, C(4)                     Within 10 years from       6,382,000         1,756,000          470,000     4,156,000
    of 500,000 to         1 March 2024         to 0.462                                  the date of grant
    999,999 Shares
    underlying the
    options granted)
11 grantees (range    26 November 2015     0.00032458 A, B, C(4)                     Within 10 years from      39,682,925         7,664,000         1,895,000   30,123,925
    of 1,000,000 to       to 1 March           to 0.527                                  the date of grant
    4,999,999 Shares      2024
    underlying the
    options granted)
3 grantees (range of  1 March 2016             0.00150 Fully vested                  1 March 2016– 28          8,000,000(2)              —                 —     8,000,000
    5,000,000 Shares                                                                     February 2026
    underlying the    1 February 2017          0.00150 Fully vested                  1 February 2017– 31       7,000,000(2)              —                 —     7,000,000
    options granted)                                                                     January 2027
                      1 March 2017             0.00150 Fully vested                  1 March 2017– 28          5,000,000(2)       2,000,000                —     3,000,000
                                                                                         February 2027




                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025    XtalPi Holdings Limited   27
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

                                                                                                                                                Number
                                                                                                              Number           Number        of options
                                                                                                            of Shares        of options      cancelled/       Number
                                                                                                           underlying        exercised         forfeited    of Shares
                                                                                                          outstanding        during the      during the underlying the
                                                         Exercise                                        options as of      six months      six months outstanding
                                                       price (US$                                           1 January            ended           ended options as of
            Name of grantee         Date of grant       per share) Vesting status     Exercise period            2025     30 June 2025    30 June 2025 30 June 2025

            2 grantees (senior      1 October 2015        0.00001 Fully vested        1 October 2015–     22,837,200(2)              —              —       22,837,200
                management)                                                               30 September
                                                                                          2025
                                    1 January 2021     0.18792135 Fully vested        1 January 2021–     12,000,000(1)     12,000,000              —               —
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                          2030

            Total                                                                                         288,016,643       26,150,500       2,687,500     259,178,643


            Notes:

            (1)      Pursuant to the powers of attorney granted by Mr. Tam Man Hong and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan in favor of Dr. Wen Shuhao on 28
                     May 2024, respectively, Dr. Wen Shuhao is unconditionally, indefinitely and irrevocably authorized and appointed to exercise
                     all the voting rights attached to: (i) the Shares underlying the vested outstanding options owned by them; and (ii) the Shares
                     transferred or issued to them upon the exercise of the vested outstanding options, except for any matter the outcome of the
                     vote on which will disproportionately, materially and adversely affect the grantors, as compared to Dr. Wen Shuhao or any
                     other Shareholder. The powers of attorney shall be valid from the Listing Date for an indefinite term. Accordingly, the voting
                     rights of the Shares underlying the vested outstanding options will be entrusted to Dr. Wen Shuhao upon the Listing.

            (2)      Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying options held by QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a holding
                     vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK) Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
                     employees and ex-employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee
                     Benefit Trust dated 28 June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company,
                     has the sole power to make all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the
                     trust and to give instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

            (3)      The two consultants were one of the advisory board members of XtalPi Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                     Company. They were responsible for providing professional advice, opinion and guidance to our technology developments
                     and applications in the pharmaceutical and materials design industry and market, making recommendations and referrals
                     on scientific researchers and industry leaders and promoting our scientific exchanges and collaborations in pharmaceutical
                     innovation within China and the United States.

            (4)      Please refer to the different categories of vesting schedules below:

                     Category          Vesting schedule

                     A                 Four equal tranches with the vesting date on the first, second, third and fourth anniversary date of the grant date.

                     B                 50% will be vested at the second anniversary of the grant date, 25% will be vested at the third anniversary of the
                                       grant date, and 25% will be vested at the fourth anniversary of the grant date.

                     C                 25% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 75% will be vested in three equal tranches with
                                       the vesting date on the first, second and third anniversary date of the grant date.

                     D                 50% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 50% will be vested in two equal tranches with
                                       vesting date on the first and second anniversary date of the grant date.

            (5)      The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was
                     HK$5.36.




28   XtalPi Holdings Limited     Interim Report 2025
                                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information

2.      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
        The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders
        passed on 28 May 2024.

        As of 30 June 2025, no option had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

3.      Post-IPO RSU Scheme
        The Post-IPO RSU Scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders passed on
        28 May 2024.

        Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme as of 30 June 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                   Number of       Number of          of RSUs       Number of
                                                                   Number of    RSUs granted     RSUs vested        cancelled     RSUs lapsed
                                                                     unvested       during the      during the      during the       during the      Number of
                                                      Purchase     RSUs as of      six months      six months      six months       six months         unvested
                                                      price (HK$    1 January           ended           ended           ended            ended       RSUs as of
        Name of grantee           Date of grant       per share)         2025    30 June 2025    30 June 2025    30 June 2025     30 June 2025     30 June 2025

        Directors
        Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen 20 December 2024(1) Nil             900,000               –                –               –                –         900,000
        Ms. Chan Wing Ki          20 December 2024(1) Nil             450,000               –                –               –                –         450,000
        Mr. Chow Ming Sang        20 December 2024(1) Nil             450,000               –                –               –                –         450,000

        Total                                                       1,800,000               –                –               –                –        1,800,000

        Note:

        (1)     Subject to the terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, the vesting period of the RSUs granted is as follows: 25% of the RSUs
                granted shall vest on each of (i) 20 December 2025, (ii) 20 December 2026, (iii) 20 December 2027, and (iv) 20 December
                2028. The vesting of the RSUs is not subject to any performance targets.


Number of Share Available for Future Grant
The number of options and awards available for grant under the Scheme Limit as of 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025 are
set out below:

                                                                                                                      Scheme Limit(1)
                                                                                                                    As of                            As of
                                                                                                           1 January 2025                    30 June 2025

Number of options and awards available for grant                                                            202,606,365                    202,606,365
                                                                                                      underlying Shares                underlying Shares

Note:

(1)     No service provider sublimit was set under the Scheme Limit.


For the purpose of Rule 17.07(3) of the Listing Rules, as no option or award was granted under any of the share schemes
of the Company during the Reporting Period, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards
granted during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue
(excluding any treasury shares) for the Reporting Period is therefore not applicable.



                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   29
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company aims to achieve high standards of corporate governance, which are crucial to the Company’s development
     and safeguard the interests of the Company’s shareholders. The Company has applied the principles of good corporate
     governance and adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance.
     The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code during
     the six months ended 30 June 2025. The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to
     time and shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.


     REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the Corporate
     Governance Code. The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Law
     Cheuk Kin Stephen, Ms. Chan Wing Ki and Mr. Chow Ming Sang. The Audit Committee is chaired by Mr. Law Cheuk Kin
     Stephen. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Group for the
     Reporting Period and discussed with the management and auditors of the Company the accounting principles and practices
     adopted by the Group.

     The interim financial information for the Reporting Period has not been audited but has been reviewed by
     PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the Company, in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagement
     2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the
     International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.


     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
     Subsequent to 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this report, the Group has entered into several equity related
     investments with several entities and subscribed several wealth management products with total consideration of
     approximately RMB122.5 million and RMB316.4 million, respectively.

     Save as disclosed above, no significant events occurred which have material impact on the performance of the Group
     subsequent to 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this report.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (For the six
     months ended 30 June 2024: nil).


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
     The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

     CHANGES TO THE DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
     In June 2025, Ms. Chan Wing Ki ceased to act as a member of the General Committee of The Chamber of Hong Kong
     Listed Companies.

     With effect from 31 August 2025, Mr. Chow Ming Sang resigned as an independent non-executive director of Teamway
     International Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1239).

     Save as disclosed above, the Directors have confirmed that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
     13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




30   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This interim report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than
statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.


APPRECIATION
The Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, management team, employees, business partners
and customers for their support and contribution to the Group.

By order of the Board
XtalPi Holdings Limited
Dr. Wen Shuhao
Chairman of the Board and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 27 August 2025




                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   31
     Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

     To the Board of Directors of XtalPi Holdings Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 33 to 67, which comprises the condensed consolidated
     balance sheet of XtalPi Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 30 June 2025
     and the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
     income, the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and the condensed consolidated statement of
     cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other
     explanatory information. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
     the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and
     International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. The directors of the Company are responsible for the
     preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our
     review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for
     no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
     report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information consists
     of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
     other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International
     Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
     significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information of the
     Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
     Reporting”.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 27 August 2025




32   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                      Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2025                         2024
                                                                        Note             RMB’000                       RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)

Revenues                                                                  4                 517,076                      102,630
Cost of revenues                                                          5                 (81,959)                     (55,478)
General and administrative expenses                                       5               (200,333)                     (234,314)
Research and development expenses                                         5               (221,527)                     (210,390)
Selling and marketing expenses                                            5                 (40,354)                     (34,638)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                                         (8,523)                         (270)
Other income                                                              6                  30,646                       42,360
Other gains/(losses), net                                                 7                  37,702                        (2,761)

Operating profit/(loss)                                                                      32,728                     (392,861)


Finance income                                                                               51,874                       36,414
Finance expenses                                                                              (3,654)                      (3,733)


Finance income, net                                                                          48,220                       32,681


Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares         17                         —                   (875,356)


Impairment provision for investment in an associate                                           (2,348)                            —
Share of net losses of investments accounted for using equity method                          (2,991)                      (2,014)


Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                              75,609                  (1,237,550)
Income tax expense                                                        8                         —                            —


Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                 75,609                  (1,237,550)


Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                                82,795                  (1,237,016)
Non-controlling interests                                                                     (7,186)                         (534)


                                                                                             75,609                  (1,237,550)


                                                                                        RMB Cent                      RMB Cent

Earnings/(loss) per share for profit/(loss) attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                                                  9
Basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                                  2.30                    (169.65)
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                                2.20                    (169.65)




The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                          Note         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Profit/(loss) for the period                                                         75,609        (1,237,550)


     Other comprehensive income
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     — Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares
          due to own credit risk                                                              —            (19,774)
     — Currency translation differences                                                  (69,110)          (10,924)
     Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
     — Currency translation differences                                                   26,619           (11,465)


     Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                               (42,491)          (42,163)


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of tax                         33,118        (1,279,713)


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period attributable to:
     Equity holders of the Company                                                        40,455        (1,279,395)
     Non-controlling interest                                                             (7,337)             (318)


                                                                                          33,118        (1,279,713)




     The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.

34   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                        Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                                As at                         As at
                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                                 2025                         2024
                                                                 Note      RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)                     (Audited)


Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    11          292,558                      320,397
Right-of-use assets                                              11           77,710                       90,920
Intangible assets                                                11          230,862                         7,743
Investments accounted for using the equity method                             50,350                       25,836
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            12        1,077,693                      555,060
Deferred income tax assets                                                      1,339                             —
Prepayments                                                      14           19,004                       18,251
Term deposits                                                                        —                     21,266


                                                                           1,749,516                   1,039,473


Current assets
Contract costs                                                                32,715                       25,671
Inventories                                                                   27,076                              —
Trade and note receivables                                       13          497,007                       98,746
Contract assets                                                                 3,586                        3,586
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      14          100,528                       85,132
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            12        1,841,124                   1,786,049
Restricted cash                                                                 2,565                           797
Term deposits                                                              1,152,335                      149,138
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  2,311,688                   1,166,148


                                                                           5,968,624                   3,315,267


Total assets                                                               7,718,140                   4,354,740


Equity
Equity attributable to equity holders of
  the Company
Share capital                                                    18                280                          237
Other reserves                                                   19      15,483,819                  12,535,678
Accumulated losses                                                        (8,489,366)                 (8,572,161)


                                                                           6,994,733                   3,963,754
Non-controlling interests                                                     33,933                       28,553


Total equity                                                               7,028,666                   3,992,307


                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   35
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                           30 June         31 December
                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                           Note           RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Liabilities
     Non-current liabilities
     Long-term bank borrowings                                                                 7,000                   —
     Lease liabilities                                                                        52,919               64,905
     Deferred government grants                                                               13,751               17,804


                                                                                              73,670               82,709


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                         15               24,101                16,143
     Other payables and accruals                                            16              239,413               157,051
     Short-term bank borrowings                                                             273,930                51,900
     Derivative financial instruments                                                         1,333                    —
     Deferred government grants                                                               7,720                 5,754
     Contract liabilities                                                                    37,056                16,916
     Lease liabilities                                                                       32,251                31,960


                                                                                            615,804               279,724


     Total liabilities                                                                      689,474               362,433


     Total equity and liabilities                                                          7,718,140             4,354,740




     The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

36   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                            Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                              Equity
                                                                                                     attributable to             Non-
                                                                 Share        Other     Accumulated equity holders’        controlling              Total
                                                                capital    reserves          losses of the company           interests             equity
                                                       Note   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                              (Note 18)    (Note 19)

(Unaudited)
Balance at 1 January 2025                                          237    12,535,678      (8,572,161)      3,963,754           28,553            3,992,307


Profit/(loss) for the period                                        —             —           82,795          82,795               (7,186)          75,609
Other comprehensive income:
Currency translation differences                                    —        (42,340)             —          (42,340)               (151)          (42,491)


Total comprehensive income for the period                           —        (42,340)         82,795          40,455               (7,337)          33,118


Transactions with equity holders
Issuance of ordinary shares, netting of underwriting
    commissions and other issuance costs                            43     2,901,307              —        2,901,350               —             2,901,350
Equity-settled share-based compensation                20           —         66,019              —           66,019               —                66,019
Proceeds from exercise of share options                20           —         23,155              —           23,155               —                23,155
Acquisition of a subsidiary                            21           —             —               —               —            12,717               12,717


Total transactions with equity holders                              43     2,990,481              —        2,990,524           12,717            3,003,241


Balance at 30 June 2025                                            280    15,483,819      (8,489,366)      6,994,733           33,933            7,028,666




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025     XtalPi Holdings Limited   37
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                         Equity
                                                                                                                attributable to         Non-
                                                                        Share         Other    Accumulated      equity holders    controlling   Total equity/
                                                                       capital     reserves         losses    of the company        interests       (deficits)
                                                              Note   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                     (Note 18)    (Note 19)

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at 1 January 2024                                             50      (227,110)    (7,040,349)        (7,267,409)       26,167      (7,241,242)


     Loss for the period                                                   —             —      (1,237,016)        (1,237,016)          (534)    (1,237,550)
     Other comprehensive income:

     Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable
         preferred shares due to own credit risk              17           —        (19,774)            —             (19,774)           —           (19,774)
     Currency translation differences                                      —        (22,605)            —             (22,605)          216          (22,389)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                             —        (42,379)    (1,237,016)        (1,279,395)          (318)    (1,279,713)


     Transactions with equity holders
     Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred
         shares to ordinary shares                                        173    11,721,245             —         11,721,418              —     11,721,418
     Transfer of accumulated changes in fair value
         due to own credit risk upon derecognition of
         convertible redeemable preferred shares                           —        15,206         (15,206)                 —             —                —
     Issuance of ordinary shares relating to initial public
         offering, netting of underwriting commissions
         and other issuance costs                                          13      862,136              —            862,149              —         862,149
     Equity-settled share-based compensation                  20           —        78,922              —             78,922              —          78,922


     Total transactions with equity holders                               186    12,677,509        (15,206)       12,662,489              —     12,662,489


     Balance at 30 June 2024                                              236    12,408,020     (8,292,571)        4,115,685         25,849       4,141,534




     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.

38   XtalPi Holdings Limited       Interim Report 2025
                                         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2025                        2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operating activities                                                      (238,479)                     (299,294)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received from term deposits                                                           1,150                       41,998
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                    (31,686)                     (32,018)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                                          25                           301
Payments for acquisition of intangible assets                                                 (5,162)                       (2,166)
Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets                                                      —                            232
Payments for acquisition of investments accounted for using equity method                    (22,064)                       (6,016)
Payments for acquisition of investments in financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                         (1,514,344)                 (1,464,359)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              933,600                     675,081
Proceeds from maturity of derivatives financial instrument                                     3,823                          —
Payments for a business combination for assets                                                (3,760)                         —
Payment for acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                (98,816)                         —
Placement of term deposits                                                                (1,073,683)                   (124,609)
Prepayment for an equity interest investment                                                  (6,085)                         —
Proceeds from maturity of term deposits                                                      105,588                     955,133
Changes in restricted cash balances                                                           (1,768)                      1,809
Proceeds from government grants                                                                1,080                       3,265


Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                    (1,712,102)                      48,651


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid for bank borrowings                                                            (1,980)                         (773)
Payments of lease liabilities                                                               (14,259)                      (39,001)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                             2,901,350                       901,081
Payments of listing expenses                                                                     —                        (38,151)
Proceeds from exercise of option                                                              3,757                            —
Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                                                    251,930                        19,900
Proceeds from long-term bank borrowings                                                       7,000                            —
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                                                      (29,900)                     (15,000)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                              3,117,898                       828,056


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                 1,167,317                       577,413
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                      1,166,148                       710,761
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               (21,777)                       25,536


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                            2,311,688                    1,313,710


The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   39
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     1      GENERAL INFORMATION
            XTALPI HOLDINGS LIMITED (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 28 April 2017 as an
            exempted company with limited liabilities. The address of its registered office is Maples Corporate Services Limited at
            PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

            The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are
            principally engaged in the provision of drug discovery solutions and intelligent robotics solutions.

            The Company completed its initial public offering on 13 June 2024 (the “Listing”) and the Company’s shares have
            been listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

            The condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of unit of Renminbi (RMB’000),
            unless otherwise stated.

            This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is unaudited and
            has been reviewed by the audit committee and external auditor of the Company. This condensed consolidated interim
            financial information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 August 2025.


     2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
            2.1    Basis of preparation
                   This condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025
                   (the “Interim Financial Information”) has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard
                   (“IAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

                   The Interim Financial Information does not include all the notes of the type normally included in annual financial
                   statements. Accordingly, this Interim Financial Information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
                   financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, which have been prepared in
                   accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB.

                   The preparation of the Interim Financial Information requires management to make judgements, estimates
                   and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and
                   liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. In preparing this Interim Financial
                   Information, the significant judgments made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the
                   key sources of estimation uncertainty are consistent with those applied in the consolidated financial statements
                   for the year ended 31 December 2024.

            2.2    Accounting policy information
                   (a)     Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                           The following amendments to standards have been adopted by the Group for the financial year beginning
                           on 1 January 2025:

                           Amendments to IAS 21		            Lack of Exchangeability

                           The Company’s directors have performed an assessment on these amendments to standards and have
                           concluded on a preliminary basis that the adoption of these amendments to standards is not expected to
                           have a significant impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.




40   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                          Notes to Interim Financial Information

2	SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
   2.2	Accounting policy information (Continued)
       (b)   Amendments to standards and new standards not yet adopted
             Amendments to standards and new standards that have been issued but are not yet effective and not been
             early adopted by the Group for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                              Effective for
                                                                                                       accounting periods
                                                                                                      beginning on or after

             Amendments to IFRS 9 and           Amendments to the Classification and                             1 January 2026
                IFRS 7                            Measurement of Financial Instruments
             IFRS 18                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial                         1 January 2027
                                                  Statements
             IFRS 19                            Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:                      1 January 2027
                                                  Disclosures


             The directors have performed assessment on the above new and amendments to standards, and have
             concluded on a preliminary basis that these new and amendments to standards would not have a
             significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements when they become effective, except
             for IFRS 18 which will impact the presentation of profit and loss and result in additional disclosure in the
             consolidated financial statements. The Group is still in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of
             IFRS 18.

       (c)   Accounting policies not included in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended
             31 December 2024
             Business combination
             The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of
             whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of
             a subsidiary comprises the:

             •    the fair values of the assets transferred

             •    the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business

             •    the equity interests issued by the group

             •    the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

             •    the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

             Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are,
             with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The group recognises
             any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value
             or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                           Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   41
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     2	SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
            2.2	Accounting policy information (Continued)
                   (c)	Accounting policies not included in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended
                        31 December 2024 (Continued)
                           Business combination (Continued)
                           The excess of the:

                           •       the consideration transferred,

                           •       the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                           •       the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

                           over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are
                           less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised
                           directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

                           Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
                           discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s
                           incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
                           independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified either
                           as equity or as a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to
                           fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                           previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains
                           or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.

                           Goodwill
                           Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred
                           over the Group’s interest in net fair value of the net identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of
                           the acquiree.

                           For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each
                           of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies
                           of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest
                           level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is
                           monitored at the operating segment level.

                           Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                           circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the
                           recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs to sell. Any impairment
                           is recognized immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.




42   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                             Notes to Interim Financial Information

2	SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2	Accounting policy information (Continued)
          (c)	Accounting policies not included in the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended
               31 December 2024 (Continued)
               Inventories
               Raw materials and stores, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net
               realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable
               and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost
               includes the transfer from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges relating to purchases
               of raw material, but it excludes borrowing costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
               deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
               business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    3.1   Financial risk factors
          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, primarily the market risk (including foreign exchange
          risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall
          risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
          adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

          This condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial risk management
          information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with
          the Group’s financial information in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

          There have been no changes in the risk management policies since 31 December 2024.

    3.2   Fair value estimation
          The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value at each reporting date are measured by level of the inputs
          to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair
          value hierarchy as follows:

          •    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
               and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
               market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
               included in level 1.

          •    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
               the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
               market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
               value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

          •    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
               included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   43
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
            3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
                   The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at
                   30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024:

                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

                   (Unaudited)
                   At 30 June 2025
                   Financial assets
                   Financial assets at fair value through
                      profit or loss
                   — Investment in listed entities                       261,330                 —               —            261,330
                   — Investment in the unlisted entities                      —                  —          381,978           381,978
                   — Investment in convertible debts                          —                  —          100,822           100,822
                   — Investment in private equity funds                       —                  —          333,563           333,563
                   — Wealth management products                               —                  —        1,841,124         1,841,124


                                                                         261,330                 —        2,657,487         2,918,817


                   Financial liabilities
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through
                      profit or loss
                   — Derivative financial instruments                          —             1,333                 —             1,333


                   (Audited)
                   At 31 December 2024
                   Financial assets
                   Financial assets at fair value through
                      profit or loss
                   — Investment in a listed entity                        23,972                 —                —             23,972
                   — Investment in the unlisted entities                      —                  —           380,131           380,131
                   — Investment in convertible debts                          —                  —            69,976            69,976
                   — Investment in private equity funds                       —                  —            80,981            80,981
                   — Wealth management products and
                         funds                                                 —                 —        1,786,049         1,786,049


                                                                          23,972                 —        2,317,137         2,341,109


                   There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the periods ended
                   30 June 2025 and 2024.




44   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                           Notes to Interim Financial Information

3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a)   Financial instruments in Level 1 and Level 2
              The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the
              reporting date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
              exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, price services or regulatory agency, and those prices represent
              actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used
              for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.
              Instruments included in level 1 comprised investments in listed instruments classified as financial assets at
              FVTPL.

              The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
              derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data
              and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
              instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Instruments included in level 2 comprised
              derivative financial instruments.

        (b)   Financial instruments in Level 3
              If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
              level 3.

              Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

              •    the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments,

              •    discounted cash flow analysis, and

              •    observable and unobservable inputs, including discount rate, risk-free interest rate, discount for lack
                   of marketability (“DLOM”), and expected volatility, etc.

              Level 3 instruments of the Group’s assets and liabilities include investments in unlisted entities, wealth
              management products, convertible debt, other financial liabilities and convertible redeemable preferred
              shares at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                            Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   45
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
            3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
                   (b)	Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                           The following table presents the changes in level 3 items including investments in unlisted companies,
                           investments in wealth management products and investment in convertible debt at fair value through profit
                           or loss for the periods ended 30 June 2025 and 2024:

                                                                              Investments
                                                              Investments        in wealth Investment in Investment in
                                                                in unlisted   management private equity    convertible
                                                                companies        products         funds          debt       Total
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

                           (Unaudited)
                           At 1 January 2025                      380,131        1,786,049        80,981        69,976    2,317,137
                           Additions                               56,675          963,518       272,637        28,713    1,321,543
                           Disposals                                   —          (920,961)           —             —      (920,961)
                           Realised gain                               —           (12,639)           —             —       (12,639)
                           Change in fair value                   (52,177)          37,011       (18,034)        3,002      (30,198)
                           Currency translation differences        (2,651)         (11,854)       (2,021)         (869)     (17,395)


                           At 30 June 2025                        381,978        1,841,124       333,563       100,822    2,657,487


                           (Unaudited)
                           At 1 January 2024                      316,161          863,368            —         67,595    1,247,124
                           Additions                                5,345        1,443,804            —         20,000    1,469,149
                           Disposals                               (2,847)        (672,234)           —             —      (675,081)
                           Transfer from a convertible debt
                              to equity                             32,553              —             —        (32,553)         —
                           Change in fair value                        799          16,295            —          1,047      18,141
                           Currency translation differences          1,949           4,059            —            402       6,410


                           At 30 June 2024                        353,960        1,655,292            —         56,491    2,065,743




46   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                         Notes to Interim Financial Information

3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (b)	Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                                                 Fair value at                                          Range of inputs
                                                As at           As at                                     As at         As at     Relationship of
                                             30 June 31 December                                       30 June 31 December        unobservable
              Description                       2025            2024     Unobservable inputs              2025          2024      inputs to fair value
                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                          (Unaudited)        (Audited)                              (Unaudited)       (Audited)

              Unlisted preferred shares        41,793         314,487    Risk-free rate                  4.39% 1.12%–4.31%        The higher the risk-free rate,
                                                                                                                                     the lower the fair value.
                                                                         Expected volatility              64%       63%–95%       Depends on rights and
                                                                                                                                     restrictions of shares
                                                                                                                                     held by the Group.

              A series of unlisted            340,185          65,644    Latest transaction price          N/A             N/A    The higher the latest
                  preferred shares and                                                                                               transaction price,
                  ordinary shares                                                                                                    the higher the fair value.

              A series of convertible         100,822          69,976    Latest transaction price          N/A             N/A    The higher the latest
                  bonds                                                                                                              transaction price,
                                                                                                                                     the higher the fair value.

              Private equity funds            333,563          80,981    N/A                               N/A             N/A    N/A

              Wealth management
                  products:
              Structured notes                595,946         595,539    N/A                               N/A             N/A    N/A

              Money funds                   1,163,078       1,190,510    N/A                               N/A             N/A    N/A

              Structured deposits              82,100              —     Expected rate of return         4.43%             N/A    The higher the expected rate
                                                                                                                                     of return, the higher the
                                                                                                                                     fair value.

              Notes:

              (i)     Key assumptions used in the valuation of the fair value of investments in unlisted entities include risk-free interest
                      rate and expected volatility. Changes in fair value of investments in unlisted entities were recorded in “Other gains/
                      (losses), net”.

              (ii)    The Group adopted net assets approach to determine the fair value of structured notes and money funds.


        (c)   Financial instruments at amortised cost
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets measured at amortised costs, including term
              deposits, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade receivables, other receivables and deposits and
              the Group’s financial liabilities, including trade payables, other payables and accruals, approximate their fair
              values due to their short maturities.




                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited    47
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     4      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
            Revenue disaggregated by revenue source as follows:

                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

            Drug discovery solutions                                                                  435,212            60,850
            Intelligent robotics solutions                                                             81,864            41,780


                                                                                                      517,076           102,630


            Timing of revenue recognition:
            A point in time                                                                           473,275            77,070
            Over time                                                                                  43,801            25,560


                                                                                                      517,076           102,630


            Revenue from external customers contributing over 10% to the total revenue of the Group for the six months ended 30
            June 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

            Customer A                                                                                365,089              N/A*
            Customer B                                                                                   N/A*            19,536


            *      Less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective period.


            Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the billing address of the customers is as follows:

                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

            Mainland China                                                                             79,451            47,811
            United States                                                                             413,311            39,817
            Other regions                                                                              24,314            15,002


                                                                                                      517,076           102,630




48   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                 Notes to Interim Financial Information

4	REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Continued)
    Segment information:
    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Board, who reviews the consolidated
    results of operations when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Group as
    a whole. For the purpose of internal reporting and management’s operation review, the CODM considered that the
    Group’s businesses are operated and managed as one single segment and no separate segment information was
    presented for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


5   EXPENSE BY NATURE
    Expenses included in cost of revenue, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses and
    selling and marketing expenses are analysed as follows:

                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025                        2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

    Employee benefit expenses (Note (a))                                                316,832                      315,450
    Network and cloud service expenses                                                   13,291                       15,797
    Short-term rental and utilities                                                       7,116                        7,573
    Sample material costs                                                                42,048                       15,591
    Professional service fees                                                            43,912                       26,770
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        38,615                       44,263
    Impairment provision for property, plant and equipment                               28,123                           —
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  14,123                       38,062
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     3,305                        1,963
    Property management fees                                                              8,666                       10,694
    Listing expenses                                                                         —                        31,876
    Others                                                                               28,142                       26,781


                                                                                        544,173                      534,820


    Note:

    (a)     Employee benefit expenses

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025                         2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                       RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)

            Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                  211,566                      199,495
            Pensions costs and housing benefits                                           37,486                       34,142
            Share-based compensation expenses (Note 20)                                   66,019                       78,922
            Other employee benefits                                                       20,684                       20,339


                                                                                         335,755                      332,898

            Less: employee benefit expenses capitalised as contract cost                 (18,923)                      (17,448)


                                                                                         316,832                      315,450



                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   49
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     6      OTHER INCOME
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

            Government grants                                                                         30,646               42,360


            The Group received certain financial subsidies from local government authorities with certain specified conditions.

     7      OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

            Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                        3,820              (10,054)
            Gains on derivative financial instruments                                                  3,823                3,527
            Net fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                                                          34,438               (1,042)
            Donations                                                                                 (5,758)                (108)
            Others                                                                                     1,379                4,916


                                                                                                      37,702               (2,761)


     8      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

            Current income tax                                                                             —                      —
            Deferred income tax                                                                            —                      —


                                                                                                           —                      —


            Income tax expense
            The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

            Cayman Islands
            The Company and subsidiaries were incorporated in the Cayman Islands as exempted companies with limited liability
            under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands and are not subject to the Cayman Islands income tax pursuant to
            the current laws of the Cayman Islands.

            Hong Kong
            The subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5%. No provision for
            Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no estimated assessable profit in Hong Kong.


50   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                           Notes to Interim Financial Information

8	INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
    Income tax expense (Continued)
    United States
    The subsidiaries in the United States are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State Tax at a rate of 8%.

    PRC
    The Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are generally subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of 25%
    on the estimated assessable profit in accordance with relevant PRC income tax laws, subject to preferential tax
    treatments available to certain qualified enterprises.

    Shenzhen Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhiyao Technology Co., Ltd.,
    Jingtai Zhiyao Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and Shanghai Siwei were approved as “High and New Technology
    Enterprise” and entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC have
    been granted certain tax concessions for small scale entities by tax authorities in the PRC and enjoy reduced tax rates.


9   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
    (a)   Basic earnings/(loss) per share
          Basic earnings/(loss) per share for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024 are calculated by dividing the
          profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
          issue during the respective period.

                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2025                         2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)

          Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                82,795                  (1,237,016)


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
            (thousand shares)                                                              3,595,629                       729,148


          Basic earnings/(loss) per share (expressed in RMB cent per share)                        2.30                    (169.65)




                                                                                           Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   51
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     9	EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE (Continued)
            (b)    Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
                   The share options and awarded shares granted by the Company have potential dilutive effect on the EPS. Diluted
                   EPS is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the assumption
                   of the conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares arising from share options and shares awards granted by
                   the Company (collectively forming the denominator for computing the diluted EPS).

                                                                                                                            For the
                                                                                                                        six months
                                                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                       (Unaudited)

                   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                                            82,795


                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand shares)                                  3,595,629
                   Adjustments for share options and share awards (thousand shares)                                         166,075


                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of diluted EPS
                     (thousand shares)                                                                                    3,761,704


                   Diluted earnings per share (expressed in RMB cent per share)                                                 2.20


                   Diluted loss per share presented is the same as basic loss per share as the inclusion of the potential ordinary
                   shares in the calculation of dilutive loss per share would be anti-dilutive for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     10     DIVIDENDS
            No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.




52   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                    Notes to Interim Financial Information

11   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                      Property, plant   Right-of-use
                                                      and equipment           assets Intangible assets
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2025            320,397          90,920                        7,743
     Additions                                                39,743             988                        5,421
     Business combination                                        538              —                       221,004
     Disposals                                                (2,105)             —                            —
     Impairment provision                                    (28,123)             —                            —
     Depreciation and amortisation charge                    (38,615)        (14,123)                      (3,305)
     Currency translation adjustment                             723             (75)                          (1)


     Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2025              292,558          77,710                      230,862


     At 30 June 2025
     Cost                                                    569,385         168,338                      245,212
     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                (276,827)        (90,628)                     (14,350)


     Net book amount                                         292,558          77,710                      230,862


     (Unaudited)
     Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2024            369,887         189,250                         7,869
     Additions                                                32,018          12,601                         2,166
     Disposals                                                  (301)        (68,776)                         (232)
     Depreciation and amortisation charge                    (44,263)        (38,062)                       (1,963)
     Currency translation adjustment                              15              —                              9


     Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2024              357,356          95,013                         7,849


     At 30 June 2024
     Cost                                                    532,697         171,729                       22,008
     Accumulated depreciation                               (175,341)        (76,716)                     (14,159)


     Net book amount                                         357,356          95,013                         7,849




                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   53
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     12     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)              (Audited)

            Non-current:
            Investments in listed entities                                                             261,330               23,972
            Investments in the unlisted entities (Note)                                                381,978              380,131
            Investments in convertible debts (Note)                                                    100,822               69,976
            Investments in private equity funds (Note)                                                 333,563               80,981


                                                                                                     1,077,693              555,060


            Current:
            Wealth management products (Note)                                                        1,841,124            1,786,049

            Note:


            Movements in these financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are
            disclosed in Note 3.2.


     13     TRADE AND NOTE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)              (Audited)

            Trade receivables                                                                          496,513                94,300
            Less: credit loss allowance                                                                 (2,725)               (2,850)


                                                                                                       493,788                91,450
            Note receivables                                                                             3,219                 7,296


                                                                                                       497,007                98,746




54   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                        Notes to Interim Financial Information

13	TRADE AND NOTE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The credit period granted to the Group’s customers is usually 30–60 days. As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December
   2024, the aging analysis of trade receivables based on invoice dates is as follows:

                                                                                           As at                          As at
                                                                                        30 June                    31 December
                                                                                           2025                           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                       (Audited)

   0 to 90 days                                                                              451,510                       82,298
   91 to 180 days                                                                             11,196                        2,397
   181 to 365 days                                                                            28,239                        2,314
   Over 1 year                                                                                 5,568                        7,291


                                                                                             496,513                       94,300


   Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025                           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                     (Unaudited)

   At beginning of the period                                                                   2,850                        1,820
   Net provision of impairment loss during the period                                           5,160                          268
   Written off                                                                                 (5,285)                          —


   At end of the period                                                                         2,725                        2,088




                                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   55
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     14     PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                   30 June         31 December
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)            (Audited)

            Non-current
            Prepayment for equipment                                                                 19,004               18,251


            Current
            Prepayments                                                                              30,243               24,511
            Deposits                                                                                 10,600               10,613
            Value-added tax recoverables                                                             20,470               15,824
            Receivables from employee share options exercised                                        31,572               26,462
            Loan to a third party and interest receivable                                             5,210                5,209
            Loan to an associate and interest receivable                                              3,132                1,530
            Others                                                                                    2,958                1,211


                                                                                                    104,185               85,360
            Less: loss allowance                                                                     (3,657)                (228)


                                                                                                    100,528               85,132


            The carrying amounts of deposits and other receivables approximate their fair values and are mainly dominated
            in RMB. The recoverability was assessed with reference to the credit status of the recipients and, as there is no
            significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the 12-month expected credit loss is considered minimal.


     15     TRADE PAYABLES
            Trade payables were mainly denominated in RMB as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024. The credit periods
            granted by suppliers generally range from 30 to 180 days. The aging analysis of trade payables, based on invoice
            date, is as follows:

                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                   30 June         31 December
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)            (Audited)

            0 to 90 days                                                                             14,994               11,761
            90 to 180 days                                                                            9,107                4,382


                                                                                                     24,101               16,143




56   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                            Notes to Interim Financial Information

16   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           As at                       As at
                                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                                           2025                        2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                    (Audited)

     Accrued salaries and staff benefits                                                   61,136                       78,360
     Accrual for acquiring property, plant, and equipment                                   6,242                       13,115
     Withholding personal income tax for employees                                          3,619                        9,799
     Investment payables                                                                  137,653                       24,885
     Other payables to employees                                                           10,882                       14,300
     Professional service fee payable                                                       4,308                           —
     Other tax payables                                                                     2,894                          925
     Rental payables                                                                        3,628                        2,875
     Others                                                                                 9,051                       12,792


                                                                                          239,413                      157,051


     The carrying amounts of other payables and accruals of the Group are mainly denominated in RMB.


17   CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES
     Historically, the Company has completed several rounds of financing by issuing convertible redeemable preferred
     shares to investors. In June 2024, the Company completed IPO on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong Limited. Upon listing, all of the preferred shares were automatically converted into ordinary shares, and the
     related liabilities were derecognized.

     The movements of the CRPS during the period ended 30 June 2024 are set out as below:

                                                                                                                      For the
                                                                                                                  six months
                                                                                                              ended 30 June
                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)

     At 1 January 2024                                                                                            10,780,342
     Change in fair value through profit or loss                                                                     875,356
     Change in fair value through other comprehensive income                                                          19,774
     Currency translation differences                                                                                 45,946
     Conversion of CRPS to ordinary shares                                                                       (11,721,418)


     At 30 June 2024                                                                                                           —




                                                                                       Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   57
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     18     SHARE CAPITAL
            Authorised:
                                                                        Class            Class
                                                                   A ordinary       B ordinary         Ordinary        Preferred
                                                                       shares            share           shares           shares              Total
                                                              (At par value of (At par value of (At par value of (At par value of
                                                                  US$0.00001)      US$0.00001)     US$0.00001)      US$0.00001)
                                                                                                (Number of shares)

            (Unaudited)
            At 1 January 2024                                  2,132,966,842      429,653,340                —     2,437,379,818      5,000,000,000
            Creation of addition of Class A ordinary shares   95,000,000,000               —                 —                —      95,000,000,000
            Conversion of preferred shares into Class A
               ordinary shares                                  2,437,379,818               —                —     (2,437,379,818)               —
            Re-designation of to ordinary shares              (99,570,346,660)    (429,653,340) 100,000,000,000                —                 —


            At 30 June 2024, 1 January 2025 and
               30 June 2025                                                —                — 100,000,000,000                  — 100,000,000,000


            Pursuant to the Articles and the Pre-IPO Shareholders’ Agreement, all the preferred shares shall be automatically
            and immediately converted into Class A ordinary shares upon completion of an initial public offering of the Company.
            The preferred shares will be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio and subject to customary
            adjustments.

            Upon the completion of the initial public offering by the Company on 13 June 2024, all the preferred shares were
            automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares. Upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding preferred
            shares into Class A ordinary shares, the weighted voting rights structure also ceased as all Class A and Class B
            ordinary shares entitle the holder to exercise one vote on all matters subject to the vote general meetings of the
            Company. Immediate following the above conversion all Class A and Class B ordinary shares are re-designated and
            reclassified as ordinary shares with par value of US$0.00001 each.




58   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                    Notes to Interim Financial Information

18	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
    Issued and fully paid:
                                                                                                                             Nominal value
                                                                                                                                 of ordinary
                                                                Class           Class                                                shares
                                                           A ordinary      B ordinary       Number of                       (At par value of
                                                              shares           shares ordinary shares                 Total    US$0.00001)
                                                                              (Number of shares)                                    RMB’000

    (Unaudited)
    At 1 January 2025                                               —               —     3,413,523,761    3,413,523,761                     237
    Issuance of ordinary shares (note (i))                          —               —       606,288,000      606,288,000                      43


    At 30 June 2025                                                 —               —     4,019,811,761    4,019,811,761                     280


    At 1 January 2024                                     352,366,603     429,653,340                —        782,019,943                     50
    Conversion of convertible redeemable
        preferred shares into Class A ordinary shares    2,437,379,818              —                —     2,437,379,818                     173
    Re-designation of to ordinary shares                (2,789,746,421)   (429,653,340)   3,219,399,761               —                       —
    Issuance of ordinary shares (note (ii))                         —               —       187,373,000      187,373,000                      13


    At 30 June 2024                                                 —               —     3,406,772,761    3,406,772,761                     236

    Note:

    (i)     On 24 January 2025 and 25 February 2025, the Group successfully completed placings of 264,000,000 and 342,288,000 new
            shares at the prices of HK$4.28 and HK$6.10 per share, respectively.

    (ii)    On 13 June 2024, upon the Listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the Company issued 187,373,000 new ordinary
            shares at par value of US$0.00001 per share for cash consideration of HK$5.28 each.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   59
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     19     OTHER RESERVES
                                                                                               Share-based
                                                             Share    Treasury    Exchange        payment
                                                          premium       shares     reserves       reserves     Others        Total
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

            (Unaudited)
            As at 1 January 2025                         12,636,242        (19)    (447,452)       289,634     57,273     12,535,678
            Issuance of ordinary shares                   2,901,307         —            —              —          —       2,901,307
            Equity-settled share-based compensation              —          —            —          66,019         —          66,019
            Exercise of share options                        26,376          2           —          (3,223)        —          23,155
            Currency translation difference                      —          —       (42,340)            —          —         (42,340)


            As at 30 June 2025                           15,563,925        (17)    (489,792)       352,430     57,273     15,483,819


            (Unaudited)
            As at 1 January 2024                              4,591        (19)    (447,815)       154,292     61,841       (227,110)
            Conversion of convertible redeemable
                preferred shares into Class A
                ordinary shares                          11,721,245         —            —              —           —     11,721,245
            Transfer of accumulated changes in
                fair value due to own credit risk
                upon derecognition of convertible
                redeemable preferred shares                      —          —            —              —      15,206         15,206
            Fair value change on convertible
                redeemable preferred shares due to
                own credit risk                                  —          —            —              —      (19,774)      (19,774)
            Issuance of ordinary shares relating
                to initial public offering, netting of
                underwriting commissions and other
                issuance costs                             862,136          —            —              —           —       862,136
            Equity-settled share-based compensation             —           —            —          78,922          —        78,922
            Currency translation difference                     —           —       (22,605)            —           —       (22,605)


            As at 30 June 2024                           12,587,972        (19)    (470,420)       233,214     57,273     12,408,020




60   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                            Notes to Interim Financial Information

20   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the Group has a Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan and a Post-IPO
     RSU Scheme in place under which options and RSUs have been granted.

     (a)   Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan
           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment
           of the Omnibus Incentive Plan (“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan”) with the purpose of motivating, attracting and
           retaining those individuals for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the shareholders of the
           Group. The Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is valid and effective for 10 years from the date of the approval of the
           board of directors. The maximum aggregated number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO
           Incentive Plan is 298,041,143 ordinary shares.

           According to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, 298,041,143 ordinary shares have been reserved under
           QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited, the shareholding platform to be issued to any qualified participants.

           The exercise price of options is based on a fixed price in the agreement with employees. The term of the Option
           shall expire at close of the principal stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded on the
           tenth (10th) anniversary of the Grant Date, unless terminated earlier in accordance herewith. In no event may any
           portion of the Option be exercised after it has expire.

           Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:

                                                                                         Number of          Weighted
                                                                                       options 2021 average exercise
                                                                                       Share Option   price per share
                                                                                               Plan            option
                                                                                                                 US$

           (Unaudited)
           Outstanding as at 1 January 2025                                              288,016,643                            0.17
           Forfeited during the period                                                    (2,687,500)                           0.39
           Exercised during the period                                                   (26,150,500)                           0.12


           Outstanding as at 30 June 2025                                                259,178,643                            0.17


           Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2025                                        156,912,131                            0.16


           (Unaudited)
           Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                                              297,555,144                            0.16
           Granted during the period                                                      14,527,004                            0.25
           Forfeited during the period                                                   (14,531,004)                           0.29


           Outstanding as at 30 June 2024                                                297,551,144                            0.16


           Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2024                                        180,616,400                               —




                                                                                           Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   61
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
            (a)	Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
                   Share options under Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan outstanding at the end of the period have the following expiry
                   date and exercise prices:

                                                                         Exercise                                      As at           As at
                   Grant date                        Expiry date            price   Vesting year                30 June 2025   30 June 2024
                                                                             US$                                 (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

                   1 October 2015                    1 October 2025      0.00001    4 years from grant date       22,837,200     22,837,200
                   1 October 2015                    15 July 2031        0.00080    4 years from grant date       10,000,000     10,000,000
                   26 November 2015                  26 November 2025    0.00032    4 years from grant date          800,000      1,550,000
                   1 March 2016                      1 March 2026        0.00032    4 years from grant date          500,000      1,500,000
                   1 March 2016                      1 March 2026        0.00150    4 years from grant date        8,000,000      8,000,000
                   1 March 2016                      1 March 2026        0.00284    4 years from grant date               —         200,000
                   1 February 2017                   1 February 2027     0.00150    4 years from grant date        7,000,000      7,000,000
                   1 February 2017                   1 February 2027     0.00284    4 years from grant date          706,000      1,190,000
                   1 February 2017                   1 February 2027     0.01733    4 years from grant date               —          80,000
                   1 March 2017                      1 March 2027        0.00150    4 years from grant date        3,000,000      5,000,000
                   1 June 2017                       1 June 2027         0.00284    4 years from grant date               —       2,500,000
                   16 September 2017                 16 September 2027   0.00284    4 years from grant date        2,327,000      3,025,000
                   16 September 2017                 16 September 2027   0.02160    4 years from grant date               —         700,000
                   1 August 2018                     1 August 2028       0.00284    4 years from grant date        2,700,000      3,000,000
                   1 August 2018                     1 August 2028       0.00710    4 years from grant date        1,070,000      2,700,000
                   1 August 2018                     1 August 2028       0.07352    4 years from grant date          570,000        670,000
                   1 March 2019                      1 March 2029        0.00710    4 years from grant date        1,291,000      2,530,000
                   1 March 2019                      1 March 2029        0.09421    4 years from grant date        2,840,000      4,224,500
                   3 September 2019                  3 September 2029    0.00284    4 years from grant date        1,000,000      1,000,000
                   3 September 2019                  3 September 2029    0.02872    4 years from grant date          605,000      1,790,000
                   3 September 2019                  3 September 2029    0.26309    4 years from grant date          532,149        532,149
                   1 March 2020                      1 March 2030        0.06705    4 years from grant date          680,000      1,130,000
                   1 March 2020                      1 March 2030        0.17441    4 years from grant date          800,000        800,000
                   28 September 2020                 28 September 2030   0.18792    4 years from grant date          320,000        560,000
                   1 January 2021                    1 January 2031      0.00284    4 years from grant date        2,500,000      2,600,000
                   1 January 2021                    1 January 2031      0.18792    4 years from grant date               —          30,000
                   1 January 2021                    1 January 2031      0.18792    Fully vested upon listing             —      12,000,000
                   15 April 2021                     15 April 2031       0.00284    4 years from grant date        2,665,925      2,665,925
                   15 April 2021                     15 April 2031       0.18792    4 years from grant date          413,000      1,340,000
                   15 April 2021                     15 April 2031       0.18792    Fully vested upon listing     36,752,018     36,752,019
                   15 April 2021                     15 April 2031       0.18792    Fully vested upon listing     38,183,588     38,183,588
                   15 April 2021                     15 April 2031       0.33876    4 years from grant date        1,750,000      3,400,000
                   1 October 2021                    1 October 2031      0.18792    4 years from grant date          120,000        350,000
                   26 November 2021                  26 November 2031    0.30565    4 years from grant date           12,500         50,000
                   1 January 2022                    1 January 2032      0.30565    4 years from grant date               —       2,100,000
                   11 January 2022                   11 January 2032     0.18792    4 years from grant date          300,000        300,000
                   31 March 2022                     31 March 2032       0.18792    4 years from grant date           15,000         50,000
                   31 March 2022                     31 March 2032       0.30565    4 years from grant date           90,000         90,000
                   30 June 2022                      30 June 2032        0.30565    4 years from grant date          105,000        140,000
                   30 June 2022                      30 June 2032        0.52234    4 years from grant date           40,000         80,000
                   30 September 2022                 30 September 2032   0.30565    4 years from grant date        1,135,000      1,400,000


62   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                    Notes to Interim Financial Information

20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (a)	Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan (Continued)


                                                                   Exercise                                            As at                  As at
       Grant date                  Expiry date                        price     Vesting year                    30 June 2025          30 June 2024
                                                                       US$                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

       31 December 2022            31 December 2032                 0.30565     4 years from grant date                    —               300,000
       31 December 2022            31 December 2032                 0.46200     4 years from grant date               400,000              800,000
       31 March 2023               31 March 2033                    0.30565     4 years from grant date                10,000              340,000
       30 June 2023                30 June 2033                     0.30565     4 years from grant date               270,000              270,000
       30 September 2023           30 September 2033                0.30565     4 years from grant date             2,111,000            2,850,000
       30 September 2023           30 September 2033                0.18792     4 years from grant date             7,358,000            8,630,000
       30 September 2023           30 September 2033                0.18792     2 years from grant date                80,000               80,000
       30 September 2023           30 September 2033                0.48000     4 years from grant date             1,190,000            1,780,000
       30 September 2023           30 September 2033                0.48000     3 years from grant date               180,000              180,000
       24 November 2023            24 November 2033                 0.48000     4 years from grant date                50,000              100,000
       24 November 2023            24 November 2033                 0.24678     4 years from grant date            83,703,759           83,703,759
       1 March 2024                1 March 2034                     0.18792     4 years from grant date            10,064,004           10,517,004
       1 March 2024                1 March 2034                     0.18792     3 years from grant date               751,500              920,000
       1 March 2024                1 March 2034                     0.18792     2 years from grant date               300,000              300,000
       1 March 2024                1 March 2034                     0.30565     4 years from grant date               150,000              150,000
       1 March 2024                1 March 2034                     0.52700     4 years from grant date               900,000            2,580,000


                                                                                                                  259,178,643          297,551,144


       Weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at end of period                                 5.70                 6.59


       The options may exercise of any time after the IPO of the Company provided the options have vested and
       subject to the term of the share option agreement.

       The Group estimate the expected forfeiture rate at the end of vesting periods (“Forfeiture Rate”) of the share
       options granted in order to determine the amount of share-based payment expenses charged to profit or loss.

       The directors of the Company have used the binomial model to determine the fair value of the options as at the
       respective grant dates, which is to be expensed over the relevant vesting period.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   63
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
            (a)	Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
                   Other than the exercise price mentioned above, significant judgment on parameter such as risk free rate,
                   dividend yield and expected volatility, are required to be made by the directors in applying the binomial model,
                   which are summarised as below:

                                                                                                                          For the
                                                                                                                      six months
                                                                                                                  ended 30 June
                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)

                   Fair value per share (in US$)                                                                        0.33–0.5
                   Exercise price (in US$)                                                                             0.19–0.59
                   Risk-free interest rate                                                                                4.18%
                   Expected Life                                                                                        10 years
                   Expected volatility                                                                                   79.23%
                   Dividend yield                                                                                             —

            (b)    Post-IPO RSU Scheme
                   On 28 May 2024, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment of the Post-IPO RSU
                   Scheme. The maximum aggregate number of shares permitted to be awarded under the share award scheme is
                   limited to 204,406,365 new shares.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company granted certain RSUs to eligible grantees, without
                   consideration following the terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, subject to the satisfaction of certain
                   performance requirements as set out in the awards agreements and shall vest from grant date over four years.

                   Movement in the number of RSUs granted to eligible grantees of the Group for the period ended 30 June 2025
                   are as follows:

                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                    Number        average grant
                                                                                                    of RSUs       date fair value
                                                                                                                             HK$

                   Outstanding as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025                              1,800,000                  5.55


                   The fair value of the RSUs was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s shares on the date of
                   grant.

            (c)    Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, share-based payment expenses of RMB66,019,000 and
                   RMB78,922,000 were recognised respectively.




64   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                              Notes to Interim Financial Information

21   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
     (a)   Summary of acquisition
           On 10 May 2025, XtalPi and the Shanghai Siwei entered into the Agreement, pursuant to which XtalPi agreed
           to purchase the 90% equity interest in Shanghai Siwei at a consideration of RMB250 million, to be fully settled
           by cash. Upon Completion, XtalPi acquired 90% equity interest in Shanghai Siwei. Shanghai Siwei became an
           indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

           Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                                RMB’000

           Total purchase consideration and cash paid                                                                             250,000


           The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                                RMB’000

           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               26,184
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              538
           Prepayment                                                                                                                 275
           Inventories                                                                                                                824
           Receivables                                                                                                             18,824
           Investments                                                                                                                233
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                                      1,339
           Payables                                                                                                                (5,376)
           Contract liabilities                                                                                                    (1,128)
           Intangible assets other than goodwill                                                                                   85,454


                                                                                                                                  127,167
           Less: non-controlling interest                                                                                         (12,717)
           Add: goodwill                                                                                                          135,550


                                                                                                                                  250,000


           Goodwill is attributable to Shanghai Siwei’s strong position and profitability in providing remote diagnostic
           service solutions, ECG, remote ultrasound imaging diagnosis, AI remote diagnostic innovation business and cost
           synergies expected to arise as the result of the acquisition. Goodwill has been allocated to the Shanghai Siwei.
           Goodwill is not tax deductible.

           (i)    Acquired receivables
                  The fair value of trade and other receivables is RMB18,824,000 and includes trade receivables with a fair
                  value of RMB18,441,000.

           (ii)   Revenue and profit contribution
                  The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB2,925,000 and net profit of RMB1,024,000 to the
                  group for the period from 16 May 2025 to 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   65
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     22     RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
            exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also
            considered to be related if they are subjected to common control. Members of key management and their close family
            members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

            The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the period
            ended 30 June 2025. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in
            the normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

            (a)    Transactions with related parties
                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

                   Revenue from services provided for associates                                                        —                  312


                   Revenue from services provided and services purchased were based on terms mutually agreed with related
                   parties and in the ordinary course of business.

            (b)    Balances with related parties
                                                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                                             30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Audited)

                   Trade nature:
                   Amounts receivable from an associate (note (i))                                                  210                    210
                   Contract liability due to an associate (note (i))                                              2,863                     —

                   Non-trade nature:
                   Investment payable due to an associate (note (i))                                              4,886                  4,886
                   Loan to an associate and interest receivables (note (ii))                                      3,132                  1,530

                   Note:

                   (i)     The balance with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand.

                   (ii)    The loan to an associate is secured, interest-bearing and is repayment on demand. During the period ended 30 June
                           2025, the Group has made a full provision for impairment of the loan to an associate and interest receivables amounted
                           to RMB3,132,000.




66   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                            Notes to Interim Financial Information

22	RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (c)   Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2025                       2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                          30,708                       24,839
           Pensions costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits                          1,551                        2,758
           Share-based compensation expenses                                                    54,942                       76,531


                                                                                                87,201                      104,128


23   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 30 June 2025, there were no material contingent liabilities to the Group.


24   EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Subsequent to 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this report, the Group has entered into several equity related
     investments with several entities and subscribed several wealth management products with total consideration of
     approximately RMB122.5 million and RMB316.4 million, respectively.




                                                                                            Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   67
     Definitions

     In this interim report unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meaning set out below.


     “Audit Committee”                               the audit committee of our Board

     “Board”                                         the board of Directors

     “BVI”                                           the British Virgin Islands

     “CCASS”                                         the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong
                                                     Securities Clearing Company Limited

     “China” or “PRC”                                the People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this interim report and for
                                                     geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise, references
                                                     in this report to “China” and the “PRC” do not apply to Hong Kong, the Macao Special
                                                     Administrative Region and Taiwan

     “Company”                                       XtalPi Holdings Limited 晶泰控股有限公司, an exempted company incorporated in the
                                                     Cayman Islands with limited liability on 28 April 2017, the Shares of which are listed on
                                                     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2228)

     “Corporate Governance Code”                     the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

     “Crete Helix”                                   Crete Helix Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 25 May 2021,
                                                     which is owned as to 1% by Jian Guo Pai and 99% by MH International Holdings

     “CRPS”                                          convertible redeemable preferred shares

     “Director(s)”                                   the director(s) of our Company

     “FVTPL”                                         fair value through profit or loss

     “Global Offering”                               has the same meaning as defined in the Prospectus

     “Group”                                         the Company and its subsidiaries

     “HK$”                                           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

     “Hong Kong” or “HK”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “IFRS”                                          IFRS Accounting Standards, which include standards, amendments and interpretations
                                                     promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International
                                                     Accounting Standards and Interpretation issued by the International Accounting
                                                     Standards Committee

     “Listing”                                       the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

     “Listing Date”                                  13 June 2024, being the date on which the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange




68   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                               Definitions

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“LPHappy Family Trust”          the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 by Dr. Lai Lipeng as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“LPHappy Holding”               LPHappy Holding Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 28
                                June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of
                                the LPHappy Family Trust

“MH Fund Trust”                 the discretionary trust established on 29 June 2021 by Dr. Ma Jian as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“MH International Holdings”     MH International Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                on 28 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                                trustee of MH Fund Trust

“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Ordinary Share(s)” or “Share(s)” the ordinary share(s) of US$0.00001 each (or such par value as adjusted from time to
                                  time) in the share capital of the Company

“Post-IPO RSU Scheme”           the restricted share unit scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May
                                2024 which came into effect upon Listing

“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May 2024
                               which came into effect upon Listing

“Pre-IPO ESOP”                  the QuantumPharm Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan as adopted by the Shareholders on
                                14 July 2021 and amended on 5 August 2021

“Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated 4 June 2024

“QuantumPharm Employee          the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 with TMF Trust (HK) Limited as
  Benefit Trust”                trustee and 13 employees and ex-employees of our Group as beneficiaries for the
                                purpose of managing and administering the options granted to them under the Pre-IPO
                                ESOP

“QuantumPharm Employee          QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
  Holdings”                     liability on 25 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK)
                                Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust

“QuantumPharm Holdings”         QuantumPharm Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                on 25 April 2017, which is owned as to 1% by SSBL Holdings and 99% by WSH Family
                                Holdings




                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   XtalPi Holdings Limited   69
     Definitions

     “QuantumPharm Roc”                              QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                                     liability on 12 April 2019, which is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings

     “Renminbi” or “RMB”                             the lawful currency of the PRC

     “Reporting Period”                              the six months ended 30 June 2025

     “RSU(s)”                                        restricted share unit(s)

     “Scheme Limit”                                  the maximum number of Shares in respect of which options and awards may be granted
                                                     under the share schemes of the Company

     “Sevening B Holdings”                           Sevening B Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on
                                                     20 April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Lai Lipeng

     “SeveningBAlpha”                                SeveningBAlpha Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                                     May 2021, which is owned as to 1% by Sevening B Holdings and 99% by LPHappy
                                                     Holding

     “SFO”                                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

     “Shareholder(s)”                                holder(s) of the Share(s)

     “SSBL Holdings”                                 SSBL Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                                     April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Wen Shuhao

     “Stock Exchange”                                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary(ies)”                               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “treasury shares”                               Shares repurchased and held by the Company in treasury (which include Shares
                                                     repurchased by the Company and held or deposited in CCASS for sale on the Stock
                                                     Exchange) from time to time

     “U.S.” or “United States”                       the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United
                                                     States, and the District of Columbia

     “US$”                                           United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

     “WSH Family Holdings”                           WSH Family Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                                     on 27 August 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                                                     trustee of the WSH Family Trust

     “WSH Family Trust”                              the discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as the settlor with TMF (Cayman)
                                                     Ltd. as the trustee

     “%”                                             per cent




70   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Interim Report 2025
