XtalPi Holdings Limited   XtalPi Holdings Limited
晶泰控股有限公司                  晶泰控股有限公司
(於開曼群島註冊成立之有限公司)          (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

股份代號:2228                 Stock Code: 2 2 2 8




2024                      2024
年度報告                      ANNUAL REPORT
Contents


Corporate Information                             2

Financial Summary                                 4

Corporate Profile                                 5

Chairman’s Statement                              7

Management Discussion and Analysis               14

Profiles of Directors and Senior Management      20

Corporate Governance Report                      25

Report of Directors                              38

Environmental, Social and Governance Report      66

Independent Auditor’s Report                     139

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         144

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   145

Consolidated Balance Sheet                       146

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      148

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             149

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   150

Definitions                                      218
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           LEGAL ADVISORS
    Executive Directors                                          As to Hong Kong laws
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)                                    Sidley Austin
    Dr. Ma Jian (Chief Executive Officer)                        39/F, Two International Finance Centre
    Dr. Lai Lipeng                                               8 Finance Street
    Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                                          Central
                                                                 Hong Kong
    Non-executive Director
    Dr. Gu Cuiping (resigned with effect from 30 October 2024)
                                                                 AUDITOR
                                                                 PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Independent Non-executive Directors                          Certified Public Accountants and
                                                                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                                                 22/F, Prince’s Building
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                                                 Central
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                                                 Hong Kong

    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                                 COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
    Dr. Wen Shuhao
                                                                 UOB Kay Hian (Hong Kong) Limited
    Ms. Liu Shimei (appointed with effect from
                                                                 6/F, Harcourt House
    20 December 2024)
                                                                 39 Gloucester Road
    Mr. Tam Man Hong (resigned with effect from
                                                                 Hong Kong
    20 December 2024)


    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                 PO Box 309
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)
                                                                 Ugland House
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                                                 Grand Cayman
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                                                 KY1-1104
                                                                 Cayman Islands
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)
                                                                 HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Dr. Ma Jian
                                                                 BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                                                 3/F, Second Phase of the International
                                                                 Biomedical Industrial Park
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                                 No. 2 Hongliu Road
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)
                                                                 Futian District
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                                                 Shenzhen
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                                                 PRC

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Ms. Liu Shimei (appointed with effect from
    20 December 2024)
    Ms. Chan Sau Ling
    Mr. Tam Man Hong (resigned with effect from
    20 December 2024)




2   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                       Corporate Information

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG
Room 1917, 19/F, Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 2228


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.xtalpi.com




                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   3
    Financial Summary

    A summary of the published results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years1 is set out
    below:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2024               2023               2022               2021
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

    Revenue                                                               266,433            174,420             133,353             62,799
    Research and development expenses                                    (418,238)          (480,664)           (358,952)          (212,603)
    Loss for the year                                                  (1,514,869)        (1,906,323)         (1,438,617)        (2,137,332)
    Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)2                                (456,799)          (522,157)           (437,434)          (270,967)


                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                            2024               2023               2022               2021
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

    Assets
    Non-current assets                                                  1,039,473          1,060,338            719,441             462,207
    Current assets                                                      3,315,267          2,945,363          3,596,665           3,919,564


    Total assets                                                        4,354,740          4,005,701          4,316,106           4,381,771


    Liabilities
    Non-current liabilities                                                82,709         10,949,567          9,428,254           7,824,871
    Current liabilities                                                   279,724            297,376            197,645             160,868


    Total liabilities                                                     362,433         11,246,943          9,625,899           7,985,739




    1      The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules on 13 June 2024.
    2      Adjusted net loss is not defined under the IFRS. It represents the net loss for the year adjusted by adding back (i) changes in fair
           value of CRPS, (ii) share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses.

4   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                              Corporate Profile

We are a quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative R&D platform. We adopt a combination of
quantum physics-based first-principles calculation3, AI, high performance cloud computing, and scalable and standardized
robotic automation to provide drug and material science R&D solutions and services to global and domestic companies in
the pharmaceutical and material science (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and cosmetics) industries and
beyond.

We have a diverse customer base, ranging from start-ups to global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, as
well as unicorns and leading companies in the field of new materials. Our customer base includes 16 of the top 20
global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, which we believe is an indicator of the caliber of our solutions and
services. With operations in both China and the U.S., we strive to take advantage of the best capabilities and resources
available to us in each region to meet the evolving needs of our customers and collaborators and academic partners. We
have well-established and longstanding relationship with many of the world’s leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical
conglomerates and leading companies in the field of new materials, such as Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, and Sinopec Shanghai Research Institute many of which are our repeat customers.


VISION
Our vision is becoming the global leader in quantum physics-based, AI-powered drug and material science R&D.

MISSION
Our mission is a world of smarter science, better lives. We aim to accelerate the design and discovery of novel drugs and
materials leveraging quantum physics4, AI and robotic automation.


CORPORATE AND CAPITAL MARKET MILESTONES
The ordinary shares of our Company have been listed on the Stock Exchange since 13 June 2024. We are the first
Specialist Technology Company listed under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules.

Effective from 9 September 2024, our Company has been included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite
Index, one of the benchmark indexes of the Stock Exchange.

Effective from 10 September 2024, our Company’s shares have been included in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programs. Following its inclusion, eligible investors in mainland China will
have direct access to the trading of the Company’s shares.

Effective from 22 November 2024, our Company has been included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Biotech Index
which reflects the overall performance of the 50 largest biotech companies that are listed in Hong Kong.

Effective from 8 November 2024, the English name of our Company has been changed from “QuantumPharm Inc.” to
“XtalPi Holdings Limited” and the Chinese name “晶泰控股有限公司” has been adopted as the dual foreign name.




3    Quantum physics is the study of matter and energy at the most fundamental level, aiming to uncover the properties and behaviors of
     the very building blocks of nature. First-principles calculation is a method to calculate physical properties directly from basic physical
     quantities, such as the mass and charge, and the electrostatic force of an electron, based on the principle of quantum mechanics.
4    Our business does not involve quantum computing or the use of quantum computers, nor is quantum computing or the use of
     quantum computers a primary mode of our operations.

                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   5
    Corporate Profile

    On 24 January 2025, we successfully completed a placing of 264,000,000 new Shares at the price of HK$4.28 per Share.
    The total gross proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$1,130 million, and the net proceeds (after deducting
    all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the placing amounted to approximately
    HK$1,125 million.

    On 19 February 2025, we successfully completed a further placing of 342,288,000 new Shares at the price of HK$6.10
    per Share. The total gross proceeds from the placing were approximately HK$2,088 million, and the net proceeds (after
    deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the placing amounted to
    approximately HK$2,080 million.




6   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                        Chairman’s Statement

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND PROSPECTS
1.   OVERALL PERFORMANCE
     As the first Specialist Technology Company listed under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules on the Stock Exchange, we
     are honored to publish our first annual results since our listing. In 2024, the Group achieved operating revenue of
     RMB266.4 million, a year-on-year increase of 52.8%; the adjusted net loss narrowed by 12.5% to RMB456.8 million.
     In addition, we are delighted to see that we have reached the Commercial Company revenue threshold (HK$250
     million) under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules ahead of schedule. This shows that, with the joint efforts of all the
     employees and partners of the company, the company is moving towards a new stage of large-scale development at
     a more steady pace.

     In terms of operational efficiency, we have achieved remarkable results by implementing our AI tools and
     high-efficiency operation strategy: the monthly average cash burn in 2024 decreased by 22.6% year-on-year to
     RMB48.1 million.


2.   BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT PROGRESS
     (1)   “AI + Robotics” reshapes the R&D paradigms and ushers in the era of intelligent drug and materials
           development
           We employ an AI + robotics framework to create a self-reinforcing flywheel, powered by high-throughput
           experimentation, high-quality data, and advanced AI models. Our robotic laboratory platform operates 24/7,
           rapidly accumulating high-quality data, which is being utilized to train different types of AI models. These models
           are applicable across various stages, including target identification and validation, virtual screening,
           recommending synthesis strategy, synthesis reaction prediction, patent analysis, and unstructured data
           transformation. We are transforming traditional R&D methodologies, driving a paradigm shift in
           developing new therapeutics and materials. Currently, our models are empowering researchers in their daily
           operations, accelerating project delivery timelines, breaking through bottlenecks in drug discovery and new
           material molecule development, and significantly expanding the explorable chemical space. We believe that the
           adoption of vertical AI for Science (AI4S) models, driven by high-quality data, will become a disruptive force
           for various industries.

           In addition to the over 200 AI models trained and developed by the company in the past, including the
           molecular generation model Xreactor, the free energy perturbation algorithm XFEP, and the crystal structure
           prediction model CSP, we achieved several significant technological breakthroughs in 2024, including:

           •    Data Moat Construction: Our automated robotic laboratory can cover over 80% of common medicinal
                chemistry reaction types, accumulating 200,000+ reaction process data points monthly. The experimental
                results and data generated by these automated robotic workstations exhibit high consistency, and the data
                quality far surpasses that of open-source datasets. AI models trained on this dataset achieve higher
                accuracy and confidence levels.

           •    AI Models Outperform Human Experts: In 2024, we developed 20+ new AI models for reactivity and
                experimental condition prediction, all with accuracy rates exceeding 80%. These models significantly
                outperform chemists, especially in identifying and predicting failed reactions. Leveraging first-principles
                based quantum physics and datasets generated in our robotic laboratories, we independently developed a
                UV spectrum prediction model and an LCMS spectrum-based yield prediction model. These models can
                predict experimental yields without the need for product separation and purification, achieving accuracy
                rates of over 90%, and greatly enhancing data annotation efficiency.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   7
    Chairman’s Statement

                  •       Deep Integration of Vertical AI and LLMs: In collaboration with the IDEA (International Digital Economy
                          Academy), we developed the PatSight data mining platform based on large language models (LLMs) and
                          deep neural networks. This platform enables rapid and precise extraction of structural, activity, efficacy,
                          and reaction data from literature and patents. Tasks that traditionally took 2–3 days can now be completed
                          within one hour, with accuracy rates exceeding 95%. The platform eliminates the inefficiencies of manual
                          data acquisition, improves the efficiency of small-molecule compound structure analysis, and provides a
                          robust source of publicly available big data for building vertical AI4S models.

                  •       End-to-End AI Multi-Agent System: Through our independently developed Multi-Agent system, we are
                          progressively building an intelligent and automated workflow encompassing reaction design, synthesis,
                          post-processing, and data analysis. This enhances experimental efficiency, lowers the barrier to
                          experimentation, and achieves full-scenario coverage of software and hardware. In the design phase, our
                          AI agents assist in synthesizability assessment and raw material selection for the planned experiments.
                          During synthesis, AI agents perform spectrum analysis, results determination, separation method
                          recommendation, and quality control results analysis to drive the reaction process. In the management
                          phase, AI agents ensure the accuracy of data across all processes, compiling project reports, and
                          facilitating final molecule delivery. Leveraging these capabilities, we can efficiently conduct chemical
                          experiments and accumulate large-scale, high-quality experimental data.

           (2)    AI-Driven Bioplatform XtalFold TM Receives Global Recognition from Leading Pharmaceutical
                  Companies, Pioneering a Transformative Era in Antibody Drug Innovation
                  We have developed the XtalFold™ structural modeling platform, the XenProT™ generative AI platform, and the
                  Xentient™ Predictive AI platform, continuously advancing antibody R&D technologies such as deep
                  humanization, high-throughput antibody humanization, and pH-dependent engineering. In 2024, leveraging our
                  globally leading protein interaction prediction algorithm, XtalFold™, we secured collaborations with multinational
                  pharmaceutical companies and leading biotech companies such as Johnson&Johnson and UCB, earning
                  endorsements from top-tier pharmaceutical firms. Notably, the high-quality data assets generated by XtalFold™
                  are continuously feeding back into our multimodal AI platform, enabling us to establish significant competitive
                  advantages in therapeutic antibody humanization and affinity optimization.

                  Our antibody platform has achieved the following three major breakthroughs:

                  •       3D Structure Resolution: With only amino acid sequence information as the input, we can accurately predict
                          the spatial structure of antigen-antibody complexes within one day.

                  •       Modeling Breakthroughs: In rigorous benchmark tests, our platform leads the industry in success rates and
                          the ability to model challenging regions.

                  •       Scenario Validation: The platform has been thoroughly validated in 30+ internal and external projects,
                          delivering outstanding results across various application scenarios, including antigen design, epitope
                          identification, affinity maturation, pH-sensitive engineering, and bispecific antibody design.




8   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement

(3)   We Continue to Drive the Application of AI + Robotics in Life Sciences, Achieving Milestone
      Breakthroughs in Our Clients’ Pipeline Projects
      Building on the successful progression of an innovative drug development initiative with a leading
      biopharmaceutical company, we have secured a few AI drug discovery collaborations with the same partner in
      2024. Our integrated computational and experimental platform has demonstrated transformative potential in
      accelerating early-stage therapeutic breakthroughs for complex chronic diseases. Leveraging the momentum
      from these advancements, we are positioned to further broaden the scale and scope of our partnerships in
      2025, targeting a wider range of therapeutic indications and disease targets to address unmet medical needs.

      In 2024, we successfully collaborated with number of leading biotech companies in East Asia to efficiently
      discover and design lead compounds for number of highly challenging targets. Leveraging our innovative active
      learning-driven XFEP accelerated computing technology, we used our algorithm to screen through a trillion-scale
      virtual compound library. Supported by our high-efficiency, high-quality automated synthesis platform, we
      successfully identified lead compounds for two difficult targets in the fields of synthetic lethality and CNS,
      earning high praise from our partners’ technical committees.

      Our collaboration with Signet Therapeutics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (希格生科(深圳)有限公司) (“Signet”) led to the
      development of the world’s first targeted candidate drug for treating diffuse gastric cancer. After receiving
      Investigational New Drug (IND) approval from the FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) in June, the drug
      also secured IND approval from the NMPA (National Medical Products Administration) in September. The first
      solid tumor patient was successfully dosed at Peking University Cancer Hospital (First Patient In, FPI). This
      pipeline project has also been granted the Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the FDA for gastric cancer and
      received the Fast Track Designation in February 2025, which is expected to significantly shorten the approval
      timeline and accelerate its market launch. This marks the world’s first innovative drug candidate discovered with
      organoid + AI.

      Our collaboration with META Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (北京默達生物科技有限公司) (“META”) resulted in the
      development of a preclinical candidate drug for treating Primary Hyperoxaluria (PH), which has received Orphan
      Drug Designation (ODD) and Rare Pediatric Disease Designation (RPDD) from the FDA. Currently, in the
      IND-enabling stage, this project has the potential to address the unmet medical needs of patients with Type 2
      and Type 3 PH, as well as provide a more patient-friendly oral treatment option for Type 1 PH patients.

      Earlier, we entered into a $250 million collaboration with a globally leading pharmaceutical company
      headquartered in Indianapolis for AI-enabled small-molecule drug discovery. The collaboration is progressing
      smoothly, and in 2024, we expanded our partnership into new areas such as solid-state research.

      In 2024, Leman Biotech Co., Ltd (深圳萊芒生物科技有限公司) (“Leman”), a biotech company we empowered,
      achieved groundbreaking progress. Its metabolism-enhanced CD19 CAR-T therapy completed the first dosing in
      a systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patient, marking its first foray into autoimmune disease treatment.
      Leveraging XtalPi’s AI algorithms combined with high-throughput experimentation, Leman optimized the core
      metabolic-enhancing factors in its CAR-T design. This significantly improved receptor-binding affinity and
      immunological activity. This optimized design has been implemented in preclinical studies targeting solid tumors,
      enabling metabolism-enhanced CAR-T therapies to better overcome the immunosuppressive tumor
      microenvironment.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   9
     Chairman’s Statement

                   In 2024, our strategic collaboration with a biotechnology industry partner in oncology vaccine development was
                   highlighted through a peer-reviewed poster presentation at the American Association for Cancer Research
                   (AACR) Annual Meeting. Building on this foundation, subsequent advancements generated further experimental
                   evidence, including successful in vivo validation outcomes. Our AI-driven platform has demonstrated
                   considerable potential in accelerating the development of off-the-shelf cancer vaccines, with encouraging
                   implications for enhancing clinical outcomes in patient care.

                   We independently developed an mRNA sequence pre-training model and mRNA property prediction platform,
                   achieving state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance across multiple benchmarks including protein expression levels
                   and stability optimization. These advancements were documented in a peer-reviewed paper accepted by the
                   2025 AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence.

                   Our collaboration with Pfizer on the development of the XtalPi Force Field (XFF) Model has been published in a
                   leading scientific journal. This computational framework demonstrates exceptional performance in quantum
                   mechanical (QM) energy prediction, small molecule conformational analysis, and binding affinity prediction
                   through free energy perturbation (FEP) calculations. The partnership is to be renewed in 2025, focusing on
                   developing enhanced predictive models tailored to Pfizer’s proprietary chemical space and expanding
                   applications in small-molecule drug discovery.

                   Through our strategic alliance with N1 Life, we are co-developing a non-invasive ocular delivery platform for
                   nucleic acids and macromolecular therapeutics. Leveraging N1 Life’s peptide carrier library (partially developed
                   through Stanford University research initiatives) and our proprietary AI-driven peptide design platform, this
                   collaboration aims to enhance the drugability of macromolecular drugs, such as mRNA therapeutic and
                   accelerate novel ophthalmic drug development.

                   Our AI peptide discovery platform has established new drug development partnership with multiple top-tier
                   Singaporean research institutions. Utilizing our integrated AI and robotics-driven platform, we will pursue
                   pre-clinical drug candidates against a novel ccRCC (Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma) target identified by our
                   collaborators, with plans for co-commercialization in the future.

                   In 2024, we secured the bid for Guangdong Provincial Laboratory’s Intelligent Automation Integration Platform
                   for Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Development project and delivered project milestones by the year-end.
                   As of the end of 2024, the project had achieved phased delivery. As China’s first fully automated system for
                   bioactive component isolation and analysis in herbal medicine, this platform achieves complete automation of
                   extraction, separation, purification, characterization, and bioactivity assessment processes. The system enables
                   intelligent structural analysis and activity profiling of TCM compounds and formulations.

                   In 2025, we executed a commercial agreement with the Sheikh Hamad Rakadh Salem Rakadh Office of the UAE
                   to establish the Middle East’s first automated modernization platform for regional traditional medicines. This
                   groundbreaking initiative, supported by an initial $30 million contract, represents a significant paradigm shift in
                   the development of regional traditional medicines.




10   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement

(4)   AI + Robotics Empowering Future Molecular
      According to the latest analysis by industry research leaders, the total global new materials market size is
      expected to reach ten trillion US dollars. Capitalizing on strategic opportunities in material science innovation,
      we continue to deepen the integration of AI and robotics within different industry verticals to empower the
      overall sectors. Leveraging our high-precision AI and ultra-flexible robotic technologies, we have successfully
      implemented collaborations across materials science, agriculture, and consumer industries:

      Future Materials
      •    Global Leadership in Material Structure Prediction: We ranked as a top performer at the 7th global
           CSP Blind Test organized by the Cambridge Crystallographic Data Centre (CCDC), excelling across diverse
           materials systems such as optoelectronic molecules, biomedical compounds, and agrochemicals,
           solidifying our global leadership in solid state research.

      •    Expanding the Application of Solid-State Research: Our expertise in solid-state R&D technologies has
           extended into collaborations on electrochemical materials, polymer composites, and ceramic oxides, with
           multiple projects delivered and revenue realized.

      •    New Energy Materials: In 2024, we signed a 5-year strategic agreement with GCL Group Limited (“GCL”)
           to co-develop AI models for next-gen materials such as perovskite. Additionally, we delivered an intelligent
           robotic R&D platform for EV battery electrolytes to Peking University, enabling large-scale formulation
           testing and data generation for algorithm optimization.

      •    Chemical Catalysts: We deployed a high-throughput synthesis and catalyst pre-treatment solution for
           Sinopec’s Research Institute, enhancing production efficiency, speed of analysis, and operational safety
           while minimizing human error.

      •    Material Micro-Mechanisms: We incubated Deep Principle (深度原理), a team from MIT. Through
           synergizing generative AI and quantum chemistry, that company is decoding material behaviors at the
           atomic level. Through the partnership between XtalPi and Deep Principle, we are working together to
           accelerate the discovery of novel chemical reactions and materials.

      •    Carbon-Based Materials: In 2025, we signed a partnership agreement with Fangda Carbon New Material
           Co., Ltd. (“Fangda Carbon”), centered on AI as the core driver to advance intelligent R&D as well as
           production capabilities of high-end carbon-based materials. This collaboration aligns with China’s strategy
           to “empower industries through the AI+ application” and its industrial modernization goals.

      •    Super Plastic: Our investment in and collaboration with Future Bio, whose founding team from the
           University of California, Berkeley focuses on producing easily recyclable or biodegradable products, such
           as bioplastics, from renewable biomass or waste feedstock, advancing sustainable material science, and
           driving the industry transition to a low-carbon and circular economy.

      •    Southeast Asia AI Collaboration: A strategic cooperation with Indonesia’s Sinar Mas Group positions us
           to jointly advance AI-driven solutions for different industries across the Asia-Pacific region.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   11
     Chairman’s Statement

                   Future Agriculture
                   •       Desert Remediation: Through our incubation of Green Technology (Shanghai) Agricultural Technology
                           Co., Ltd. (“綠技行 ”), we have successfully developed advanced new materials that remediate desert soils
                           into arable lands in China and the Middle East.

                   •       AI-Driven Seed Improvement: In 2025, we partnered with Guangdong Hengjian Investment Holding Co.,
                           Ltd. (“Guangdong Hengjian Holding”) and Shandong Shouguang Vegetable Industry Group Co., Ltd.
                           (“Shouguang Vegetable”) to establish an intelligent plant breeding platform. By integrating quantum
                           physics and AI algorithms to optimize genomic selection, we aim to develop high-value seed products and
                           catalyze agricultural modernization.

                   •       Biofertilizers: Our multi-million USD collaboration with Kula Bio (U.S.) combines our AI and Robotic
                           expertise with Kula’s microbial innovation to co-develop next-generation biofertilizers, accelerating the
                           transition to sustainable and efficient agricultural practices.

                   Future Consumer Goods
                   •       In 2025, we entered a strategic partnership with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology’s
                           Center for SME Development to launch the “AI+ Initiative”, empowering industries ranging from cosmetics
                           and biopharma to advanced materials and agritech, thereby driving AI adoption across broader industrial
                           ecosystems.

                   2025 is poised to be a pivotal year when AI4S begins to realize industrial applications. Guided by our mission to
                   build future scientific infrastructure, we are upgrading our team to better meet the evolving market needs.

                   By integrating our compounding big data in vertical sectors, industry-leading AI modeling expertise, and
                   proprietary intelligent robotic systems, we are redefining traditional industry paradigms through a unified
                   framework of intelligence. We are committed to collaborating with global industry leaders to accelerate the
                   transformation of pioneering AI innovations into scalable, market-ready products and solutions that drive
                   operational excellence and commercial value.


     3.     OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
            Recent advancements in general-purpose big models and AI Agent, alongside the commercialization of AI in fields
            such as healthcare, mark a new stage in AI development. However, in the vertical applications of AI, general models
            struggle with specialized tasks due to limited cross-domain high-quality data and widespread data noise. This
            underscores a pivotal insight that revolutionizing the R&D process of drug and advanced material requires vertical field
            AI for Science models built on “high-quality data-driven frameworks”.

            Our proprietary and continuously evolving AI + robotics solutions generate critical, high-quality data, serving both as
            indispensable fuel for our vertical AI models and a key competitive advantage in otherwise data-hungry industries. By
            synergizing AI with automated robotic laboratories, we have established a closed-loop workflow: quantum
            physics-based accuracy → AI-driven molecular generation/design → robotic high-throughput experimental validation
            → targeted data feedback for iterations. This workflow creates a self-optimizing flywheel effect, significantly
            accelerating growth velocity while reducing costs.




12   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement

Building upon this foundation, we will continue to refine our next-generation AI + robotic infrastructure and actively
advance the development of our highly flexible and high-precision automated experimental robotic laboratories. As we
deepen our accumulation of domain-specific data and proprietary models, the intelligence and accuracy of AI-driven
decision-making will only continue to improve. Coupled with advancements in embodied experimental robotics, the
entire DMTA cycle (Design, Make, Test, Analyze) for drug and material discovery will be autonomously executed
through closely interwoven AI and robotic systems. This accelerating convergence of AI and automation will enable an
ever-evolving data-powered intelligent platform, elevating efficiency benchmarks for the pharmaceutical and materials
industries.

As an innovation-driven AI4S company, we prioritize talent as a cornerstone of growth. By fostering a multi-tiered
talent ecosystem, implementing agile incentive mechanisms, and strengthening global collaboration networks, we
continue to bolster our intellectual capital. Our integration of an international vision with localized execution,
supported by cross-regional workflows and adaptive operational frameworks, has yielded industry-leading advantages
in key metrics such as talent retention and innovation-to-commercialization efficiency, ensuring sustainable
momentum for technological breakthroughs and market readiness.

We remain committed to expanding our global footprint, with deepening engagement in regions including the U.S.,
Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. Ongoing in-depth dialogues with international leaders in drug discovery
and robotic automation solutions will further solidify our leadership.

As a pioneering platform in AI and robotics-empowered therapeutics and advanced materials discovery, XtalPi is
dedicated to unlocking value for industries and society through foundational scientific exploration and applied
innovation. Leveraging our technological edge, diverse client portfolio, scalable and commercializable products and
solutions, and visionary leadership, we are well-positioned to capture all possible opportunities across both global and
Chinese markets.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     REVENUE
     We generate revenue from the provision of (i) intelligent robotics solutions and (ii) drug discovery solutions. We provide
     either standalone solutions or services or a combination of our solutions or services, depending on our customers’ needs.

     The table below sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business line:

                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Audited)              (Audited)

     Intelligent robotics solutions(1)                                                                         162,771                  86,692
     Drug discovery solutions                                                                                  103,662                  87,728


     Total                                                                                                     266,433                 174,420


     Note:

     (1)     We have renamed this business line from “intelligent automation solutions” to “intelligent robotics solutions” to better describe our
              solutions which are designed for flexible demands in R&D environment.


     Our revenue increased by 52.8% from RMB174.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB266.4 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2024.

     Intelligent robotics solutions. Our revenue generated from intelligent robotics solutions increased significantly by 87.8%
     from RMB86.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB162.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
     primarily attributable to substantial growth in our XtalPi R&D solutions (such as TCMs and electrolyte robotics solutions)
     driving strong revenue growth, coupled with growth in revenue generated from automated chemical synthesis services,
     slightly offset by the decrease in our revenue generated from solid-state R&D services.

     Drug discovery solutions. Our revenue generated from our provision of drug discovery solutions increased by 18.2% from
     RMB87.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB103.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
     primarily due to (i) the increase in the number of our customers for our drug discovery solutions and (ii) the increase in the
     number of revenue-generating programmes for our drug discovery solutions.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
     Our R&D expenses decreased by 13.0% from RMB480.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB418.2
     million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the enhanced capabilities of our technology platform
     and the increased efficiency in our R&D activities, as well as the decrease in sample material costs due to decreased
     consumption of materials in R&D activities after the validation of certain research platforms’ capabilities. In the future, we
     will continue to recruit R&D talents with strong academic background and profound industry experience to upgrade and
     optimize our quantum physics-based closed-loop integrated technology platform, and to enhance our ability to develop
     solutions in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, materials science (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and
     cosmetics).




14   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 41.2% from RMB296.0 million for the year ended 31 December
2023 to RMB417.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the increases in share-based
compensation expenses, listing expenses and depreciation and amortisation expenses. Share-based compensation
expenses and depreciation and amortisation expenses are non-cash in nature. Listing expenses are expenses relating to
the Global Offering (as defined in the Prospectus).


CONTRACT FULFILLMENT COSTS
Our contract fulfillment costs represent the direct expenses incurred in relation to the fulfillment of our obligations under
contracts with our customers.

Our contract fulfillment costs increased by 13.3% from RMB126.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
RMB143.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the increase of services we delivered.
Benefiting from our increased delivery efficiency, our revenue in 2024 (with a growth rate of 52.8%) significantly outpaced
the increase of our contract fulfillment cost in the same year.


SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES
Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 13.6% from RMB62.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
RMB71.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the increases in share-based compensation
expenses, which are non-cash in nature, and IT expenses.


OTHER INCOME
Our other income increased by 139.6% from RMB27.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB65.9 million
for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to an increase in the government grants recognised as the
corresponding recognition conditions were fulfilled.


OTHER GAINS, NET
Our other gains, net decreased by 15.7% from RMB41.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB34.8 million
for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the decrease in the gain on fair value of financial assets at
FVTPL, partially offset by the decrease in net foreign exchange losses.


OPERATING LOSS
Our operating loss narrowed, decreasing by 5.3% from RMB722.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
RMB684.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily attributable to the abovementioned factors.


FINANCE INCOME, NET
Our finance income, net decreased by 47.5% from RMB93.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB48.9
million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the decrease in interest income from our term deposits,
contributed by the decrease in average balance of our term deposits for the year ended 31 December 2024.


CHANGES IN FAIR VALUE OF CRPS
Our fair value loss of CRPS decreased by 31.4% from RMB1,275.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
RMB875.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the increase in our Company’s valuation. All of
our CRPS were automatically converted into Ordinary Shares upon our Listing and no further gains or losses related to
valuation changes in these instruments will be recorded after the conversion in 2024.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     LOSS FOR THE YEAR
     As the result of the abovementioned factors, our net loss narrowed, decreasing by 20.5%, from RMB1,906.3 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB1,514.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     NON-IFRS MEASURE
     In evaluating our business, we consider and use adjusted net loss, a non-IFRS financial measure, to supplement the review
     and assessment of our operating performance. We believe such non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of our operating
     performance from period to period by eliminating the potential impact of certain items. We believe that the measure
     provides useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same
     manner as they help our management. The use of the non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and you
     should not consider it in isolation from, as a substitute for analysis of, or superior to, our results of operations or financial
     conditions as reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS financial measure may be defined differently from similar
     terms used by other companies, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.

     We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as net loss adjusted by adding back (i) changes in fair value of CRPS, (ii)
     share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses. Share-based compensation expenses mainly represent
     expenses incurred in connection with our employee stock ownership plan, reflecting equity awards granted to employees.
     All of our CRPS were automatically converted into Ordinary Shares upon the Listing and no further gains or losses related
     to valuation changes in these instruments will be recorded after the conversion. These two reconciling items are non-cash
     items. Listing expenses are expenses related to the Global Offering.

     The following table sets forth our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

     Loss for the year                                                                             (1,514,869)           (1,906,323)
     Add:
     Changes in fair value of CRPS                                                                    875,356            1,275,165
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                                136,678               88,426
     Listing expenses                                                                                  46,036               20,575


     Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                            (456,799)             (522,157)


     SHORT-TERM BANK BORROWINGS
     Our short-term bank borrowings decreased by 13.5% from RMB60.0 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB51.9 million
     as of 31 December 2024, reflecting the net decreased balance of our bank borrowings. Our short-term bank borrowings as
     of 31 December 2024 were denominated in Renminbi, repayable within one year, and guaranteed by our subsidiaries and
     one patent held by one of our subsidiaries, all of which carried fixed interest rate, ranging from 2.5% to 3.5% per annum.


     NET CURRENT ASSETS
     We had net current assets of RMB2,648.0 million as of 31 December 2023 and RMB3,035.5 million as of 31 December
     2024. The 14.6% increase in our net current assets was primarily attributable to our proceeds from the Global Offering.




16   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis

NET CASH POSITION
We recorded a net cash position of RMB3,071.5 million, calculated by deducting our interest-bearing borrowings from the
sum of our cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, current portion of financial assets at FVTPL, which represented the
investments in wealth management products and funds within our treasury activities and restricted cash, as of 31
December 2024.


GEARING RATIO
Our gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%, was 1.3%
and -0.8% as of 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
For the year ended 31 December 2024, we financed our capital expenditure and working capital requirements primarily
through capital contributions from our shareholders and cash inflows from our business operations. We intend to continue
relying on cash flows from operations and those from financing activities including net proceeds from the Global Offering.
As of 31 December 2024, the sum of our cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, current portion of financial assets at
FVTPL and restricted cash was RMB3,123.4 million, as compared with RMB2,848.4 million as of 31 December 2023.

With respect to cash management, we have established treasury and investment policies, such as our treasury
management policy (資金管理制度), to monitor and manage our settlement activities and financing activities (including
broadening and diversification of fundraising channels and cash management tools), and to control the risks relating to
bank deposits and/or the purchase of financial instruments. We place term deposits and/or purchase financial instruments
only when we have spare cash in addition to sufficient cash for our operations and in the best interest of our Company.


CASH BURN RATE AND WORKING CAPITAL SUFFICIENCY
Our cash burn rate refers to the average monthly aggregate amount of (i) net cash used in operating activities, (ii) capital
expenditures, and (iii) lease payment. Due to our strong revenue growth and effective cost control benefiting from our
enhanced automation capabilities, primarily enabled by our technology platform capable of delivering results across
different business lines, featuring cost efficiency and standardized scalability, our monthly average cash burn rate
decreased by 22.6% from RMB62.2 million in 2023 to RMB48.1 million in 2024. Assuming our average cash burn rate
going forward will be similar to the cash burn rate level in 2024, we estimate that our cash and cash equivalents, term
deposits, current portion of financial assets at FVTPL and restricted cash as of 31 December 2024, being RMB3,123.4
million, will be able to maintain our financial viability for approximately 65 months; if we take into account the net proceeds
raised from the two placings in the first quarter of 2025, being approximately HK$3,205 million (RMB2,968 million) in total,
we have sufficient working capital to support our operations for approximately ten years.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, we did not have material contingent liabilities that were expected to
materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE
     For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024, our R&D expenditure primarily consisted of R&D expenses adjusted by
     adding back intangible assets acquired from third parties and capitalised, and deducting amortisation expenses for
     capitalised intangible assets for R&D purposes included in R&D expenditure. The table below sets forth our R&D
     expenditure for the periods indicated:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

     R&D expenses                                                                                418,238             480,664
     Adjustments:
     Add: Intangible assets for R&D purposes acquired from
             third parties and capitalised                                                         1,997               4,263
     Less: Amortisation expenses of capitalised intangible assets
             included in R&D expenditure                                                          (1,740)              (4,593)


     R&D expenditure                                                                             418,495             480,334


     CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
     Our capital expenditures are used to expand our operations and upgrade our facilities. For the years ended 31 December
     2023 and 2024, we incurred capital expenditures of RMB130.0 million and RMB46.7 million, respectively, primarily
     consisting of expenditures on property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets.


     FOREIGN EXCHANGE
     Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a
     currency that is not our entities’ functional currency. We closely monitor our foreign exchange exposures and will take
     actions as necessary to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.


     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2024, one patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group (As at 31 December 2023:
     one patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group).




18   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
Save as disclosed below, there were no other significant investments held, and no material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the year ended 31 December 2024 (for the year ended 31 December 2023:
nil).

The following table summarises the information regarding the Group’s investments classified as financial assets at FVTPL
with a carrying amount that accounted for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                                        Fair value gain
                                                                       Principal                                                        during the year
                                                                        amount                         Fair value Percentage of                  ended
                                                                      held as of                            as of      fair value         31 December
                             Description of the                    31 December           Cost of    31 December relative to total                  2024
Product invested             underlying investments                        2024      investment              2024         assets           (unrealised)
                                                                    RMB (million)   RMB (million)    RMB (million)                         RMB (million)

Notes issued by Guosen       The product primarily invests in US
   Securities (HK) Asset        Dollar short-term deposit or
   Management Company           notes issued by government,
   Limited                      quasi government, international
                                organisations and financial
                                institutions.                              215.7           215.7           219.3                 5.0%               3.6

Notes issued by Fosun Hani   The product primarily invests in US
   Global Limited               Dollar time deposit, US treasury
                                bill, US treasury note and US
                                treasury bond, fixed rate notes
                                and private equity assets.                 575.2           575.2           595.5            13.7%                  20.3

The investments in wealth management products under financial assets at FVTPL were made for treasury management
purposes to maximise return on available funds held by the Group.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
We did not have any plan for material investments or acquisition of capital assets other than the above mentioned and
those mentioned in the Prospectus or in our previous announcements during the Reporting Period.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of 31 December 2024, we had a total of 809 employees. For the Reporting Period, the total remuneration cost incurred
by the Group was RMB602.4 million.

The remuneration of our Group’s employees comprises salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund, share-based
payment, and social security contributions and other welfare payments, which are determined by their responsibilities,
qualifications, positions and seniority. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we make contributions to social
security insurance funds (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment
insurance and maternity insurance) and housing funds for the Group’s employees.

We provide formal and comprehensive company-level and department-level training to our new employees, followed by
on-the-job training. We also provide training and development programs to our employees from time-to-time to ensure their
awareness and compliance with our various policies and procedures. Some of the training is conducted jointly by
departments serving different functions but working with or supporting each other in our day-to-day operations.


                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    XtalPi Holdings Limited   19
     Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

     The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company as of the date of this annual report are set
     out below.


     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Dr. Wen Shuhao (溫書豪), aged 43, was appointed as our Director on 28 April 2017 and re-designated as our executive
     Director and chairman of the Board on 27 November 2023. He is primarily responsible for strategic management and
     planning, fundraising and investment. Dr. Wen has also contributed to our cooperation with world-leading research institutes
     and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.

     Prior to founding our Group, from February 2010 to April 2013, Dr. Wen worked as a postdoctoral research scholar at the
     University of California at Riverside. He worked as a postdoctoral associate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
     from April 2013 to February 2015.

     Dr. Wen obtained his bachelor’s degree in electronic science and technology from Dalian University of Technology in
     the PRC in June 2004. Dr. Wen obtained his master’s degree in physical chemistry from the University of Science and
     Technology of China in the PRC in June 2005. Dr. Wen obtained his Ph.D. degree in physical chemistry from Dalian Institute
     of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences in the PRC in January 2010. Dr. Wen is a published quantum physicist
     with over 14 years of research experiences in the field of computational physics and quantum chemistry and has published
     36 papers with more than 2,100 citations. In 2020, Dr. Wen was awarded as one of “Fortune’s 40 Business Elites Under 40
     in China.” In April 2023, Dr. Wen was awarded as one of the “Shenzhen Top Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneurs.”

     Dr. Ma Jian (馬健), aged 40, was appointed as our Director on 28 April 2017 and re-designated as our executive Director
     and Chief Executive Officer on 27 November 2023. He is primarily responsible for overseeing our overall operation and
     management.

     Prior to founding our Group, Dr. Ma completed his postdoctoral research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
     June 2014. Dr. Ma obtained his bachelor’s and Ph.D. degree in physics from Zhejiang University (浙江大學) in the PRC in
     June 2007 and June 2012, respectively. Dr. Ma has published 30 papers in international leading scientific journals, including
     Physics Reports, Physical Review and Journal of Chemical Physics. Dr. Ma was honored as “Innovators Under 35” by MIT
     Technology Review in 2019. Dr. Ma is also recognized as a Shenzhen regional leading talent (深圳市地方級領軍人才) and
     Shenzhen overseas high-calibre personnel (深圳市海外高層次人才).

     Dr. Lai Lipeng (賴力鵬), aged 41, was appointed as our Director on 28 April 2017 and re-designated as our executive
     Director and Chief Innovation Officer on 27 November 2023. He is primarily responsible for overseeing our artificial
     intelligence development.

     Prior to founding our Group, from April 2012 to August 2012, he served as a software developer at Epic Systems
     Corporation. From September 2012 to September 2014, Dr. Lai served as a postdoctoral associate at the Singapore
     University of Technology and Design-Massachusetts Institute of Technology (SUTD-MIT) Graduate Fellows Program. Dr.
     Lai obtained his bachelor’s double degree in physics and mathematics from Peking University in the PRC in July 2006. Dr.
     Lai obtained his master’s and Ph.D. degree in physics from the University of Chicago in December 2007 and March 2012,
     respectively. Dr. Lai has published multiple papers in leading journals, including Physical Review Letters, and is recognized
     as a Shenzhen overseas high-calibre personnel (深圳市海外高層次人才).




20   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                 Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, aged 61, was appointed as our Director on 17 November 2017 and re-designated as our executive
Director and Chief Strategic Officer on 27 November 2023. He is primarily responsible for overseeing our strategic
development including identification of growth opportunities, strategic planning and execution. Dr. Jiang has over 20 years
of experience in scientific and research management. From July 2001 to July 2016, Dr. Jiang worked at Sanofi-Genzyme
R&D Center with his last position held as the director of Asia R&D Strategy, where he was responsible for the development
of Genzyme Asia/China R&D strategy and led cross-functional R&D external collaborations and projects in Asia. Dr. Jiang
was a key member of the Translational Medicine team and focused on strategic implementation of pharmacogenomics
and biomarker in early clinical development. Dr. Jiang obtained his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Shanghai Medical
College, Fudan University (formerly known as Shanghai Medical University) in the PRC in July 1987. He obtained his Ph.D.
degree in molecular biology from University of Tennessee in the United States in June 1999. He completed his post-doctoral
research in hematology and oncology at Brigham & Women’s Hospital, Harvard Medical School in the United States in June
2001.

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (羅卓堅), aged 62, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 28 May
2024. He is responsible for providing independent judgment on strategy, policy, performance, accountability, internal control
and corporate governance.

Mr. Law worked at Wheelock Pacific Limited, a subsidiary of Wheelock and Company Limited (會德豐有限公司), a company
formerly listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0020) from February 1995 to July 1997, i-CABLE Communications
Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1097) from July 1997 to 2000, Morningside Technologies
Inc., part of the Morningside Group (晨興創投集團) from 2000 to 2006, and TPG Growth Capital (Asia) Limited from July
2006 to September 2012, where he last served as a managing director. Mr. Law served as the chief financial officer of
Guoco Group Limited (國浩集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0053) from October
2012 to June 2013, the finance director of MTR Corporation Ltd., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code:
0066) from July 2013 to July 2016, an adjunct professor of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2015 to 2017, an
independent non-executive director of AAG Energy Holdings Limited (亞美能源控股有限公司), a company listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 2686) from July 2016 to September 2018, and an independent non-executive director of
Stealth BioTherapeutics Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ (ticker symbol: MITO) from June 2018 to July 2019. From 1
November 2018 to 25 August 2022, Mr. Law has served as an independent non-executive director of Bank of Guizhou Co.,
Ltd, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6199). He has been the managing director and a responsible
officer of ZhongYi Investment Managers Limited since January 2021.

Mr. Law obtained his bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom in July
1984 and master’s degree in business administration from the University of Hull in the United Kingdom in July 1996. Mr.
Law is the vice president and a council member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA). Mr.
Law is also a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and an expert accounting consultant
appointed by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC. Mr. Law has accounting qualifications in Hong Kong and the United
Kingdom. Mr. Law was appointed as the Justice of the Peace by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region (“HKSAR Government”) in July 2022 and he was appointed as a CPPCC National Committee Member in January
2023. The HKSAR Government announced on 21 March 2025 that Mr. Law has been appointed as one of the new directors
of Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited for a two-year term from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2027.

Mr. Law has directorships in certain Hong Kong listed companies. He is currently an independent non-executive director
of each of China Everbright Limited (stock code: 165), Somerley Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 8439), CSPC
Pharmaceutical Group Limited (stock code: 1093), China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock code: 6881), Keymed
Biosciences Inc (stock code: 2162).

Ms. Chan Wing Ki (陳穎琪), aged 41, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 28 May 2024. She
is responsible for providing independent judgment on strategy, policy, performance, accountability, internal control and
corporate governance.

                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   21
     Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

     Ms. Chan has over 10 years of legal and corporate governance experience. From September 2008 to September 2011, Ms.
     Chan worked at Allen & Overy with her last position as an associate. From October 2011 to June 2016, she worked at Davis
     Polk & Wardwell as an associate. Ms. Chan worked at King & Wood Mallesons as a managing associate from January 2017
     to May 2017, and worked at Latham & Watkins as an associate from July 2017 to April 2018. From May 2018 to April 2021,
     she worked for Xiaomi Corporation, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1810), with her last position
     as the head of legal and finance and joint company secretary. From May 2021 to June 2021, she worked at Kuaishou
     Technology as a senior director of the company secretary department. From June 2021 to September 2022, she worked at
     ECARX Holdings Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq (ticker symbol: ECX), as the secretary to the board. Since October 2022,
     she has been serving as the group general counsel and company secretary of China Gas Holdings Limited, a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 384).

     Ms. Chan obtained her bachelor’s degree in business administration (law) and a bachelor’s degree in law from the University
     of Hong Kong in 2006 and 2007, respectively. Ms. Chan was admitted as a solicitor of Hong Kong by the High Court of
     Hong Kong in January 2011, and as an attorney of the State of New York, United States, in January 2019. On 15 August
     2024, Ms. Chan was awarded the title of Certified Environmental, Social and Governance Analyst CESGA by The European
     Federation of Financial Analysts Societies. Ms. Chan was also appointed as a member of the General Committee of The
     Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies in June 2024.

     Mr. Chow Ming Sang (周明笙), aged 52, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 28 May 2024.
     He is responsible for providing independent judgment on strategy, policy, performance, accountability, internal control and
     corporate governance.

     Mr. Chow has over 28 years of experience in accounting, corporate financial management and corporate governance. From
     January 2007 to September 2018, he served as an advisory partner of Ernst & Young (China) Advisory Limited (安永(中國
     )企業諮詢有限公司), where he was primarily responsible for managing the risk advisory sub-service line’s strategic growth
     and development in various regions of the PRC. From September 2018 to June 2019, he served as the general manager
     of risk & control department of Tahoe Group, Beijing Branch (泰禾集團股份有限公司北京分公司), a property developer
     in the PRC, whose shares were previously listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000732), where he was
     primarily responsible for risk management of the company. From 1 December 2020 to 31 August 2022, Mr. Chow served
     as an independent non-executive director of China Rundong Auto Group Limited, whose shares were listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 1365, delisted on 26 October 2022). Since July 2019, Mr. Chow has been serving as a managing
     director of Beijing Xinshi Anye Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京信實安業管理諮詢有限公司), a consulting firm in the
     PRC, where he has been primarily responsible for strategic planning and the overall management of the company. Since 21
     December 2023, has been serving as an independent director of Muyuan Foods Co., Ltd. (牧原食品股份有限公司), whose
     shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002714).

     From 2014 to 2016, Mr. Chow was the Committee Member of The Internal Controls General Standards Committee of The
     Ministry of Finance (PRC) (中國財政部內部控制標準委員會委員).

     Mr. Chow obtained his bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in Hong
     Kong in November 1995. He has been a Certified Internal Auditor since November 2003 and received the Certification of
     Fund Practice Qualification from the Asset Management Association of China in April 2019. He is currently a fellow member
     of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.

     Mr. Chow has directorships in certain Hong Kong listed companies. He is currently an independent non-executive director
     of each of Teamway International Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1239), China Modern Dairy Holdings Ltd. (stock
     code: 1117), Redco Healthy Living Company Limited (stock code: 2370) and China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Limited
     (stock code: 1317).




22   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                 Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. Zhang Peiyu (張佩宇), aged 42, is our Chief Scientific Officer and is primarily responsible for overseeing our scientific
research operations.

Prior to joining our Group in September 2015, Dr. Zhang was appointed as an associate researcher in July 2013 at Dalian
Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences.

Dr. Zhang obtained his bachelor’s degree in electronic science from Dalian University of Technology in the PRC in July
2004. He obtained his Ph.D. degree in physical chemistry from Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of
Sciences in the PRC in January 2011.

Mr. Tam Man Hong (譚文康), aged 48, is our Chief Financial Officer and is primarily responsible for executing our
fundraising and corporate finance transactions, investor relations, financial reporting, legal and compliance, IPs, strategic
formulation and business development. He was also one of the joint company secretaries from 27 November 2023 to 19
December 2024.

Mr. Tam has extensive management experience in finance and banking across the Asia-Pacific region. Prior to joining
our Company, from August 2007 to September 2011, Mr. Tam served as director at UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. From
December 2011 to November 2015, Mr. Tam served at Jefferies Hong Kong Limited, with his last position held as managing
director. From February 2016 to January 2017, Mr. Tam served at Guosen Securities (HK) Financial Holdings Co., Ltd, with
his last position held as managing director. From February 2017 to May 2018, he served at BOSC International Company
Limited, with his last position held as managing director. He served at UBS AG Hong Kong Branch from June 2018 to July
2020, with his last position held as managing director. Mr. Tam also served as Chief Financial Officer of HUYA Bioscience
International, LLC from October 2020 to November 2020.

Mr. Tam obtained his bachelor’s degree in commerce from the University of Auckland in New Zealand in December 1997.
He obtained his master’s degree in sustainability leadership from University of Cambridge in England in July 2020. He was
certified as a CFA charterholder by the CFA Institute (formerly the Association for Investment Management and Research) in
September 2002. He was admitted as a fellow of CPA Australia in February 2016 and a member of the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants in January 2003, respectively.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Tam Man Hong (譚文康) was appointed as one of our joint company secretaries on 27 November 2023 and resigned
as the company secretary with effect from 20 December 2024. For details of his background, see “— Senior Management”
above.

Ms. Chan Sau Ling (陳秀玲) was appointed as one of our joint company secretaries on 14 February 2024. She is a
director of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specializing in integrated
business, corporate and investor services. She has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field. She has
been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore
companies. Ms. Chan Sau Ling is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on
the Stock Exchange. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow of both The Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.

Ms. Liu Shimei (劉石梅) was appointed as one of our joint company secretaries on 20 December 2024. Ms. Liu joined
the Group in June 2019 as the Vice President of the Finance Department of the Group. Ms. Liu is responsible for financial
accounting and reporting, budget management and business analysis, and funds management of the Group. She is also
responsible for dealing with the Group’s listing compliance and corporate governance-related matters.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   23
     Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

     All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and board
     practices and matters. Mr. Tam Man Hong (with effect from 27 November 2023 to 19 December 2024) and Ms. Liu (with
     effect from 20 December 2024) has been designated as the primary contact person of the Company who would work and
     communicate with Ms. Chan Sau Ling on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.

     Save as disclosed above, the Directors have confirmed that no other information is required to be disclosed pursuant to
     Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rule.




24   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present this corporate governance report in the annual report of the Company.

As the Ordinary Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 13 June 2024, the Corporate Governance Code was not
applicable to the Company prior to the Listing Date.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company aims to achieve high standards of corporate governance, which are crucial to the Company’s development
and safeguard the interests of the Shareholders, and to enhance corporate value and accountability. Since the Listing
Date, the Company has applied the principles of good corporate governance and adopted the code provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code
provisions set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December
2024. The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary
arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.


COMPANY’S CULTURE
The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, economic success and sustainable growth
of the Group. A strong culture enables the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance and fulfill its role as a
responsible corporate citizen. We aspire to create a sustainable, innovative ecosystem that empowers our global partners
to accelerate drug and new materials discovery processes by leveraging the power of seamlessly integrated computational
tools, AI, and automation infrastructure. We take a market-oriented and customer-centric approach and strive for excellence
through value and innovation.


THE BOARD
(1)   Responsibilities
      The Board is responsible for, and has general powers for, the management and conduct of our business. The Board
      has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the executive
      Directors and senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has
      established three Board committees including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
      Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
      reference. All Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties.

      All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
      and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

(2)   Directors’ and Senior Management’s Liability Insurance and Indemnity
      The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and senior management of the
      Company for their liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual
      basis.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   25
     Corporate Governance Report

     (3)    Board Composition
            As of the date of this annual report, the Board comprises four executive Directors, and three independent non-
            executive Directors.

            Executive Directors
            Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)
            Dr. Ma Jian
            Dr. Lai Lipeng
            Dr. Jiang Yide Alan

            Independent Non-executive Directors
            Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
            Ms. Chan Wing Ki
            Mr. Chow Ming Sang

            There is no any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between the
            Board members and the senior management members.

            As of the date of this annual report, the Board at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A
            of the Listing Rules relating to (i) the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least
            one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
            financial management expertise, and (ii) the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least
            one-third of the Board. Among the three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Mr.
            Chow Ming Sang have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise
            as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

     (4)    Board Diversity Policy
            Pursuant to Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, the nomination committee (or the board) shall have a policy concerning
            diversity of board members, and shall disclose the policy on diversity or a summary of the policy in the corporate
            governance report. The Company has adopted the board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach to
            achieve and maintain diversity of the Board. Pursuant to the board diversity policy, we seek to achieve board diversity
            through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting the candidates to the Board, including but not limited
            to gender, skills, age, professional experience, knowledge, cultural, education background and length of service. The
            decision of the appointment will be based on merit and the contribution which the selected candidates will bring to the
            Board.

            Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge, skills, perspectives and experience, including overall management
            and strategic development, business, science, investment, accounting and consulting. They obtained professional and
            academic qualifications including holding doctoral degrees in pharmaceutical and other areas, as well as accounting
            qualifications. Furthermore, the Board possesses members spanning a wide range of ages, from 40 years old to 62
            years old. The composition of the Board will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report every year and the
            Nomination Committee will supervise the implementation of the board diversity policy and review the effectiveness of
            the board diversity policy annually as appropriate, discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any
            such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval. Further details on the biographies and experience of the
            Directors are set out on pages 20 to 24 of this annual report.

            As of the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the membership, structure and
            composition of the Board, and is of the opinion that the structure of the Board is reasonable, and the experiences and
            skills of the Directors in various aspects and fields can enable the Company to maintain high standard of operation.



26   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report

(5)   Measurable Objectives
      The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s
      business growth. The Board and Nomination Committee shall take opportunities to increase the proportion of female
      members over time when selecting and making recommendation on suitable candidates for Board nomination and
      appointments. The Board and Nomination Committee would ensure that appropriate balance of gender diversity is
      achieved with reference to stakeholders’ expectation and international and local recommended best practices.

      The Nomination Committee will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for
      achieving diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. In
      particular, the Nomination Committee will identify and make recommendations to the Board to implement programs
      that will assist in the development of a broader and more diverse pool of skilled and experienced employees that, in
      time, will prepare them for Board positions.

      The Company has also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Company,
      including but without limitation at the Board and the management levels. At the Board level, Ms. Chan Wing Ki was
      appointed as an independent non-executive Director and therefore the Company has achieved the objective of
      keeping at least one female Director. At the management level, both of our joint company secretaries as of the date of
      this annual report, are female.

      The Group has also assessed its diversity profile annually for all levels of employees and apply the diversity policy to
      attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent.

      As of 31 December 2024, the Group had 753 full-time employees, of whom the number of female employees
      accounted for approximately 42.63%. Based on the Group’s review, there was no mitigating factor or circumstance
      which makes achieving gender diversity across the workforce (including senior management) more challenging or less
      relevant.

(6)   Board Independence
      The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in place
      effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board and ensure that independent views and input are available
      to the Board. The current composition of the Board, comprising more than one-third of independent non-executive
      Directors, along with members of the Audit Committee being all independent non-executive Directors, exceed the
      independence requirements under the Listing Rules. The Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee are all
      chaired by independent non-executive Directors. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors are subject
      to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and workload. The
      independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment and annually.

      Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be considered
      by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent professional
      advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed necessary. The
      independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the ability to devote
      sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.

      The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-executive
      Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances requires.

Confirmation of Independence by the Independent Non-executive Directors
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his/her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that, as of the date of this annual report,
all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   27
     Corporate Governance Report

     Induction and Continuous Professional Development
     All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills
     to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant pursuant to code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate
     Governance Code. In this regard, the joint company secretaries update the Directors on the latest developments of
     applicable laws, corporate governance issues, rules and regulations from time to time.

     Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of
     Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, all Directors had participated in appropriate continuous professional
     development activities by ways of attending trainings and/or reading materials relating to the latest development of Listing
     Rules and other regulatory requirements relevant to the Group, general business or directors’ duties and responsibilities,
     etc. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expense.

     Prior to the Listing, each of the Directors attended the training courses conducted by the legal adviser of the Company.
     The content of such training related to the duties of the directors and continuing obligations of listed companies. Each of
     the Directors has respectively obtained legal advice as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable
     to him/her as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false
     information to the Stock Exchange on 27 November 2023 and 23 May 2024 and confirmed that he/she understood his
     obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Under the code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and performed by different individuals. As of the date of this annual report, Dr. Wen Shuhao acted
     as the chairman of the Board and Dr. Ma Jian acted as the chief executive officer of the Company. Dr. Wen Shuhao’s
     responsibilities are more focused on strategic management and planning, fundraising and investment, while Dr. Ma Jian’s
     responsibilities are more focused on business direction and daily management. Their respective responsibilities and division
     of labour have been set out in writing. The chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company do not
     have any relationships (including financial, business, family or other material or connected relationship).

     Under the code provision C.2.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Chairman should at least annually hold meeting
     with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors. On 28 March 2025, Dr. Wen Shuhao,
     the chairman of the Board, held a meeting with all the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other
     Directors. Dr. Wen Shuhao is also responsible for the duties as specified in code provisions C.2.2 to C.2.9 of the Corporate
     Governance Code. The Board and the senior management, which comprises experienced and high calibre individuals, can
     ensure the balance of power and authority.

     Appointment and Re-Election of Directors
     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years
     commencing from the Listing Date, and subject to re-election as and when required under the Articles of Association,
     until terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service agreement or by either party giving to the
     other not less than three months’ notice in writing. Under the terms of the service agreement, each of our executive
     Directors is entitled to a fixed director’s fee for their service as executive Director, which may be adjusted based on the
     recommendations of the Remuneration Committee. Executive Directors may receive bonuses and/or other compensation or
     rewards in accordance with the standards recommended by the Remuneration Committee.




28   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report

Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with our Company for a term
of three years commencing from the Listing Date, and subject to re-election as and when required under the Articles of
Association, and may be terminated by not less than 30 days’ notice in writing served by either party on the other. Each
of our independent non-executive Directors is entitled to a fixed director’s fee under the terms of the letter of appointment,
which may be adjusted based on the recommendations of the Remuneration Committee.

In respect of appointment of Directors, the Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as
an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by
or in accordance with the Articles of Association as the maximum number of Directors. Any Director so appointed shall hold
office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after such Director’s appointment and shall then be eligible
for re-election at that meeting.

In accordance with the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors
for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-
third, shall retire from office by rotation, provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall
be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of
the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-election at such meeting. The Company at any annual general
meeting at which any Directors retire may fill the vacated office by electing a like number of persons to be Directors.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company has a service
contract with the Company or any member of the Group which is not determinable by the employer within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Board Meetings and Committee Meetings
The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately
quarterly intervals. Both the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once every year
and the Audit Committee shall meet at least twice a year. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular
Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular
meeting. For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and accompanying
board papers are dispatched to the Directors or committee members at least three days before the intended date of the
meeting to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meeting. When
Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and
given an opportunity to make their views known to the chairman of the Board or the committee members prior to the
meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries with copies circulated to relevant Board or Board
Committee for comments and records.

Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail the matters considered by the
Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Board or committee members
and dissenting views expressed. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and committee meeting are sent to the relevant
Board or committee members for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held. The
minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

From the Listing Date and up to 31 December 2024, two Board meetings, five Audit Committee meetings and one
Remuneration Committee meeting were held.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   29
     Corporate Governance Report

     A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings, committee meetings and general meetings during
     the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024 is set out in the following table below:

                                                      Number of meeting(s) attended / number of meeting(s)
                                                      held from the Listing Date and up to 31 December 2024
                                                                    Audit Remuneration       Nomination                 General
     Name of director                               Board     Committee       Committee      Committee                  meeting

     Executive Directors
     Dr. Wen Shuhao                                     2/2              N/A              N/A               N/A               1/1
     Dr. Ma Jian                                        2/2              N/A              1/1               N/A               1/1
     Dr. Lai Lipeng                                     2/2              N/A              N/A               N/A               0/1
     Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                                2/2              N/A              N/A               N/A               0/1

     Non-executive director
     Dr. Gu Cuiping (resigned with effect
        from 30 October 2024)                           1/1              N/A              N/A               N/A              N/A

     Independent non-executive
       directors
     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                          2/2              5/5              1/1               N/A               0/1
     Ms. Chan Wing Ki                                   2/2              5/5              N/A               N/A               1/1
     Mr. Chow Ming Sang                                 2/2              5/5              1/1               N/A               0/1

     Model Code for Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct for dealings in the securities of the Company by
     the Directors since the Listing Date. Upon specific enquiry of all Directors, each of the Directors confirmed that they have
     complied with the Model Code during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024.

     Delegation by the Board
     The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all policy
     matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular
     those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial
     and operational matters. All Directors are encouraged to openly share their views on the Company’s affairs and issues and
     they are entitled to have access to the management who will respond to queries raised by the Directors as promptly and
     fully as possible. Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the
     Company’s expense for ensuing that board procedures and all applicable rules and regulations are followed.

     The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The delegated
     functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
     Company’s needs. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the
     management on the Company’s behalf.




30   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report

Corporate Governance Function
The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and has delegated the
corporate governance duties to the Audit Committee which include:

(a)   to develop and review the Group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the
      Board;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of
      the Group;

(c)   to review and monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      Directors of the Group; and

(e)   to review the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code from time to time adopted by the Group and
      the disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report to be contained in the Company’s annual reports.


BOARD COMMITTEES
Nomination Committee
We established a Nomination Committee on 28 May 2024 with its written terms of reference in compliance with the Listing
Rules. As of the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee currently comprises three members which include
one executive Director, Dr. Wen Shuhao, and two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and
Ms. Chan Wing Ki. Dr. Wen Shuhao is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the composition of the Board, monitor and make
recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and succession planning of Directors,
in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer. The written terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. The details of the policies in
assessing the candidates or incumbent will be set out in the section headed “Nomination Policy” below.

As the Company was listed on 13 June 2024, no meeting of the Nomination Committee was held during the year ended 31
December 2024.

The Nomination Committee held one meeting on 28 March 2025, during which all the members of the Nomination
Committee met and assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, considered the re-election of
retiring Directors, and reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board.

Nomination Policy
The Company has adopted a director nomination policy which sets out the objective selection criteria, process, in relation to
the nomination and appointment of Directors. The director nomination policy aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of
skills, experience, and a diverse range of perspectives that align with Company’s business needs.

The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve as
Directors and to make recommendations to the Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of
Directors rests with the entire Board.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   31
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the nomination, appointment of new Directors in accordance
     with the following procedures and process: (a) the Nomination Committee shall first review and assess factors relating to the
     diversity of the Board, including but not limited to professional experience, skill, knowledge and length of service, gender,
     age, cultural and education background, and give consideration to the candidate’s willingness to devote adequate time to
     the Board and independence of each independent non-executive Director based on the requirements of the Listing Rules as
     amended from time to time; and (b) the Nomination Committee shall then nominate suitable candidates to the Board based
     on the then-current and anticipated future leadership needs of the Company, with a view to achieving a sustainable and
     balanced development of the Company.

     For the re-election of Directors at the general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall review the overall contribution and
     services to the Company of the retiring Directors, including its attendance at Board meetings, Board committee meetings
     and general meetings (if applicable), and his/her level of participation and performance on the Board. The Nomination
     Committee will consider the latest biographical information provided each of the retiring Directors who, being eligible, offers
     himself/herself for re-election; and will review and determine whether such retiring Director still meets the criteria for Director
     selection. The Nomination Committee shall then make recommendations to the Board on the re-election of Directors.

     The Nomination Committee shall also monitor and review the implementation of the nomination policy, as appropriate from
     time to time, and will report to the Board annually.

     Remuneration Committee
     We established a Remuneration Committee on 28 May 2024 with its written terms of reference in compliance with the
     Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members,
     including one executive Director, Dr. Ma Jian, and two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
     and Mr. Chow Ming Sang. Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration
     Committee confirms that sufficient resources are available to perform its duties.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to determine a policy and structure for the Directors’ and senior
     management’s remunerations, establish a formal and transparent procedure for formulating related remuneration policies,
     evaluate the performance of Directors and senior management, approve the terms of Directors’ service contracts and review
     and/or approve matters relating to share schemes, including but not limited to compliance of Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules, and recommend the remuneration packages for all Directors and senior management. The written terms of reference
     of the Remuneration Committee are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves management’s compensation proposals in response to the Company’s
     overall operating performance indicators and the respective annual performance goals of senior management approved
     by the Board of Directors to be effective. The Remuneration Committee will make recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and senior management. In doing so, the Remuneration
     Committee will consult the chairman and/or chief executive about their remuneration proposals for other executive Directors,
     consider the remuneration paid by similar companies, the time commitment and responsibilities required and the conditions
     of employment of other positions within the Group, and ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in
     deciding his or her own remuneration.

     The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the compensations payable to executive Directors and senior
     management for loss or termination of their office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms
     and is otherwise fair and reasonable and not excessive; reviews and approves compensation arrangements relating to
     dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
     reasonable and appropriate. During the year ended 31 December 2024, there was no compensation arising from the above
     matters.




32   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report

During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held to
review and made recommendations to the Board on the grant of RSUs under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

As part of the Company’s remuneration policy, the Board granted awards in the form of RSUs to the independent non-
executive Directors under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme. The purpose of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme is to enable the Company
to grant awards to eligible participants as incentives or rewards to recognize and acknowledge their contributions or
potential contributions to the Group. Retaining and motivating the independent non-executive Directors ensure that
they continue to provide their opinion and judgment to the Board in building the strategy and long-term development of
the Company and in maintaining and further promoting the success of the Group’s business. Thus, the Remuneration
Committee considered that additional performance targets were not necessary, and the grant of the RSUs to the
independent non-executive Directors was consistent with the Company’s remuneration policy and aligns with the purpose of
the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

Details of the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 13 to the consolidated
financial statements. Remuneration (including share based compensation) by band of the senior management of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out below:

Remuneration band (HK$)                                                                 Number of senior management

HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                                       1
HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                                                       1

Audit Committee
We established an Audit Committee on 28 May 2024 with its written terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules.
As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee currently comprises three members and all are independent non-
executive Directors, which include Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, Ms. Chan Wing Ki and Mr. Chow Ming Sang. Mr. Law
Cheuk Kin Stephen is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board by providing an independent view of the effectiveness
of the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system of the Group, maintaining an appropriate
relationship with the auditors and monitoring the relationship between the Group and the auditors, overseeing the audit
process and performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board. The written terms of reference of the
Audit Committee are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

Five meeting(s) of the Audit Committee was/were held during the year ended 31 December 2024. The following is a
summary of work performed by the Audit Committee:

(a)   reviewed the annual and interim results and reports, the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices and
      the scope of audit and appointment of auditors;

(b)   reviewed the risk management, internal control and compliance systems and the effectiveness of internal audit function
      and discussed with the management and internal audit on their findings;

(c)   discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control
      with senior management members of the Company;

(d)   reviewed the ESG report of the Company; and

(e)   performed corporate governance related duties such as reporting to the Board on the matters in the Corporate
      Governance Code.



                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   33
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Company has proper arrangements for employees, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in
     financial reporting, internal control and other matters.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
     year ended 31 December 2024 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the
     Group’s results and cash flows.

     The management of the Company has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
     the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for
     approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s performance, positions
     and prospects.

     The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt
     upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the external auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial
     statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report to this annual report.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
     their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
     risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.

     The Group has established the risk control and audit department to be responsible for identifying and supervising the
     Group’s risk and internal control issues to ensure that the Group’s business continues to meet the requirements of the
     Group’s system and external supervision. The risk control and audit department serves as the Group’s internal audit
     function and reports to the Audit Committee periodically.

     The Group has set up the risk management policy, which clarifies the division of responsibility and authority of risk
     management and standardizes the basic process of risk management. The Group has set up a three-level risk management
     framework consisting of the Board, the Audit Committee, and various departments to ensure the efficient implementation
     of risk management work from top to bottom. During the Reporting Period, the Group invited a third-party professional
     institution to assist in improving the Group’s risk management system, including sorting out the risk list, establishing risk
     assessment criteria, and conducting risk assessment surveys. Through risk identification, risks are divided into five major
     categories: strategy, market, operation, finance and compliance. Based on the results of the risk assessment, the Group’s
     risk map is drawn to intuitively display the priorities and distribution of various risks, helping the management to allocate
     resources rationally and prioritize the prevention and response to important risk points.

     The Group has instituted a series of internal control policies, measures and procedures which are designed to provide
     reasonable assurance for achieving objectives, including effective and efficient operations, reliable financial reporting and
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations:

     (a)    The Group has formulated detailed policies and procedures for aspects such as research and development, sales,
            procurement, finance and investment, intellectual property protection, information security, environmental protection,
            and occupational health and safety and regularly provided relevant training to staff. The risk control and audit
            department will continuously monitor the implementation of these policies and procedures.



34   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report

(b)   The Group regularly reviews and continuously optimizes its internal control system. The risk control and audit
      department will dynamically revise and improve the internal control matrix and manual in line with actual operating
      conditions. During the Reporting Period, the Group invited a third-party professional institution to conduct a
      comprehensive internal control evaluation to ensure that all departments properly complied with internal control and
      relevant compliance requirements. The institution has put forward corrective suggestions for the findings of the internal
      control evaluation, which have now been properly rectified.

(c)   The Group has set out in writing the prohibition of bribery, fraud and corruption in the anti-bribery and anti-corruption
      management policy. The risk control and audit department will supervise the behaviors of all employees, investigate
      violations and make recommendations on discipline in accordance with this policy.

(d)   The Group has clearly defined the reporting channels and the investigation and handling mechanism in the anti-fraud
      management policy. The reporting channels, including e-mail and telephone, are available on the Group’s official
      website, in the sunshine cooperation code of conduct signed with suppliers, and provided to the employees during the
      new employee orientation training, allowing stakeholders to report any inappropriate matters that may be related to the
      Company securely, anonymously and confidentially.

(e)   The Group has ESG guidelines in place to mitigate the potential impact of ESG-related risks on its operations and
      other stakeholders in society, and meanwhile effectively controls potential ESG-related risks through scientific and
      comprehensive policies and management systems to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and regulations in all
      materials respects.

For the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group has formulated an information disclosure management
system to clarify the relevant obligations of insiders, reporting procedures and information disclosure responsibilities of
relevant personnel, and arrange self-inspection in a timely manner. The Group monitors possible inside information and
organizes intermediary agencies to determine whether the information is inside information or whether need to be disclosed.

The Group reviews its risk management and internal control systems annually. For the period from the Listing Date to 31
December 2024, management of the Group has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee the effectiveness of the
risk management and internal control systems. The Board has reviewed and believes that the risk management and internal
control systems of the Group for the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024 are complete, adequate and are
fully and effectively operated in all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, which are
sufficient to protect the interests of all stakeholders of the Group. The Board also considers that the relevant resources, staff
qualifications and experience are sufficient, and necessary training projects and budgets have been provided.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The Company appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers as the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2024. The
amount of audit service fee also included statutory audits of certain subsidiaries. The non-audit services mainly include
corporate governance and risk assessment advisory services.

                                                                                                                    Total fees paid
Services rendered for the Company                                                                                     and payable
                                                                                                                        (RMB’000)

Audit and audit-related services                                                                                                 3,750
Non-audit services                                                                                                                 347




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   35
     Corporate Governance Report

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     During the Reporting Period, Ms. Chan Sau Ling had confirmed that she had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. Ms. Liu Shimei was appointed as a joint company
     secretary of the Company with effect from 20 December 2024 and Ms. Liu will receive relevant professional training during
     the year ending 31 December 2025 to ensure compliance with the requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.
     All members of the Board can have access to the joint company secretaries’ advice and services. The appointment and
     removal of the company secretary will be subject to Board’s approval.


     GENERAL MEETING
     The Company was listed on 13 June 2024. No general meeting was held after the Listing, except for the extraordinary
     general meeting of the Company held on 8 November 2024 to approve the change of company name of the Company.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
     and understanding of the Shareholders and potential investors on the Group’s business, performance and strategies.
     The Company also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable
     Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

     The general meetings provide opportunity for Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The chairman of the
     Board will attend, and invite the chairmen of the Board committees, or, in their absence, another member of the committee
     to attend, the general meetings of the Company to answer Shareholders’ questions. The external auditors of the Company
     will also attend the annual general meeting to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content
     of the auditor’s report and auditor independence.

     To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a Shareholders’ communication policy which aims at
     establishing a two-way relationship and established a range of communication channels between the Company, its
     Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include (i) the publication of interim and annual reports and/
     or dispatching circulars, notices, and other announcements; (ii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general
     meeting providing a forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board; (iii) updated and
     key information of the Group available on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website; (iv) the Company’s
     website offering communication channel between the Company and its stakeholders; (v) the Company’s share registrar in
     Hong Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/
     or analyst briefings, which are led by our management members and investor relations team with existing and potential
     investors.

     Having considered the multiple channels of communication and shareholders engagement in the extraordinary general
     meeting held during the Reporting Period, the Board is satisfied that the shareholders communication policy has been
     properly implemented during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024 and is effective.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed by the chairman of that meeting for
     each substantially separate issue at Shareholder meetings, including nomination and election of individual Directors.

     All resolutions put forward at Shareholder meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will
     be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each Shareholder meeting in
     accordance with the Listing Rules.




36   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report

(1)   Procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting
      In accordance with Article 17.3 of the Articles of Association, the Board may convene an extraordinary general
      meeting. Extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any one or more members
      holding together, as of the date of deposit of the requisition, shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid-
      up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. The written requisition
      shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have
      such a principal office, the registered office of the Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and signed by
      the requisitionist(s). If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to
      convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing
      more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as
      nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened
      shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition.

(2)   Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meeting
      There are no provisions allowing Shareholders to propose new resolutions at the general meetings under the
      Companies Act of the Cayman Islands. However, Shareholders who wish to propose resolutions may follow Articles
      17.3 to 17.7 of the Articles of Association for requisitioning an extraordinary general meeting and including a resolution
      at such meeting. The requirements and procedures are set out above.

(3)   Inquiries to the Board
      Shareholders and investors may send written inquiries or requests to the Company as follows:

      Address: 3/F, Second Phase of the International Biomedical Industrial Park, No. 2 Hongliu Road, Futian District,
               Shenzhen, PRC
      Email:   ir@xtalpi.com

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company is a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and the payment and amount of any future
dividends will be subject to our constitutional documents and the Cayman Companies Act, pursuant to which a company
may declare and pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account. Any dividends we pay will be determined at
the recommendation of our Board at its absolute discretion, taking into account factors including our actual and expected
results of operations, cash flow and financial position, general business conditions and business strategies, expected
working capital requirements and future expansion plans, legal, regulatory and other contractual restrictions, and other
factors that our Board deems to be appropriate. Our Shareholders may approve, in a general meeting, any declaration of
dividends, which must not exceed the amount recommended by our Board. No dividend has ever been proposed, paid or
declared by our Company.

As we are a holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends will also depend on the availability of dividends
received from our PRC subsidiaries. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the net profit calculated according
to the PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from generally accepted accounting principles in other
jurisdictions, including IFRS. PRC laws also require foreign invested enterprises to set aside part of their net profit as
statutory reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends. Distributions from our subsidiaries may also
be restricted if they incur debt or losses or in accordance with any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other
agreements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Articles of Association have been amended and restated with effect from the Listing Date, and are available on the
respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other change in the constitutional documents of the Company from the Listing Date to
31 December 2024.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   37
     Report of Directors

     The Board is pleased to present this Report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group for
     the year ended 31 December 2024.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Board currently comprises four executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report were:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)
     Dr. Ma Jian
     Dr. Lai Lipeng
     Dr. Jiang Yide Alan

     Non-executive Director
     Dr. Gu Cuiping (resigned with effect from 30 October 2024)

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
     Ms. Chan Wing Ki
     Mr. Chow Ming Sang


     GENERAL INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 28 April 2017 as an exempted limited liability company under
     the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 13 June
     2024.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an innovative research platform company powered by artificial intelligent (AI) and robotics and is
     driving intelligent and digital transformation in the life sciences and material sciences sectors. The Group combines
     quantum physics, AI, cloud computing, and large-scale robotics to provide R&D solutions, services, and products for
     pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, renewable energy, and advanced materials industries globally. The Group, a pioneer in
     AI and robotics for life science and new materials R&D, has collaborated with over 300 global enterprises and research
     institutions, leading the way with an extensive successful track record in AI for science commercialization.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the business of the Group during the year as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
     622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including a discussion and analysis on the Group’s future business development and
     the financial and operational key performance indicators employed by the Directors in measuring the performance of the
     Group’s business is set out in “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 7 to 13 and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on
     pages 14 to 19 of this annual report. These discussions form part of this Report of Directors. Events affecting the Company
     that have occurred since the end of the financial year are set out in “Subsequent Events” in this Report of Directors on
     pages 63 to 64 of this annual report.




38   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                            Report of Directors

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, some of which are beyond its
control:

•    Our commercial success depends on our closed-loop integrated technology platform and technological capabilities,
     and their acceptance by our customers and collaborators. Failure to maintain our technological advantages or
     gain market acceptance of our platform or technology may have a material and adverse impact on our commercial
     success.

•    The industries that we operate in are characterized by constant changes. If we are not able to upgrade, enhance or
     innovate our technologies and solutions, our business could be adversely affected.

•    We intend to continue investing significantly in R&D, which may adversely impact our profitability and operating cash
     flow in the short-term and may not generate the results we expect to achieve.

•    We may not be able to identify or discover new product candidates, and may allocate our limited resources to pursue
     a particular product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates that may later prove to be more profitable,
     or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.

•    If our current research collaborators or key R&D employees terminate their relationships with us or develop
     relationships with a competitor or delay their delivery of adequate research results, our ability to conduct R&D, the
     progress of our R&D programs, and our ability to protect our IP could be adversely affected.

•    The data and information that we gather in our R&D process could be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm our
     business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Company has established a structure of ESG governance led by the Board, with clearly defined roles and
responsibilities at each level. The Group has developed and implemented the ESG working group charter, ensuring
collaboration across all levels to efficiently execute ESG initiatives. Details of the Group’s environmental policies and
performance for the Reporting Period are set out in the Company’s ESG report, which forms part of this annual report, will
be published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on the same date as the publication of this annual
report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the year ended 31 December
2024, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
A review of the employees and remuneration policies of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in “Management
Discussion and Analysis” on page 19 of this annual report.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   39
     Report of Directors

     RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME
     The Group participates in the Mandatory Provident Fund for its employees in Hong Kong under which the contributions
     are made based on a percentage of the employees’ salaries. Full-time employees of the Group in the PRC are covered by
     various government-sponsored defined contribution pension plans under which the employees are entitled to a monthly
     pension based on certain formulas. The relevant government agencies are responsible for the pension liability to these
     retired employees. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans. During the Reporting Period, there
     were no forfeited contributions under the Group’s retirement benefits scheme or pension plans, and there were no forfeited
     contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution. Details of the pension contributions
     of the Company are set out in Notes 2.2.12(b), 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 33.4% (2023:
     36.3%) of the Group’s total revenues while the largest customer of the Group accounted for approximately 13.6% (2023:
     12.1%) of the Group’s total revenues. In addition, for the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest suppliers of the
     Group accounted for approximately 30.7% (2023: 27.1%) of the Group’s total purchase amounts while the largest supplier
     for the year ended 31 December 2024 accounted for approximately 9.5% (2023: 12.8%) of our total purchase amount.

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of
     the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest
     customers and suppliers during the Reporting Period.


     KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Group recognizes that various stakeholders including suppliers, employees, Shareholders and other business
     associates are key to Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging,
     collaborating, and cultivating strong relationship with them.

     Relationship with Our Employees
     We endeavor to cultivate talented and qualified employees by treating our employees with dignity, respect and fairness.
     We provide executive coaching, employee surveys or engagement, training and development, compensation and rewards.
     We enter into employment contracts with our employees to cover matters such as salaries, bonuses, employee benefits,
     workplace safety, confidentiality obligations, work product assignment clause and grounds for termination.

     The remuneration package of our employees usually includes competitive salaries, bonuses and incentive schemes, which
     are generally determined by their qualifications, industry experience, position and performance. We make contributions to
     social security schemes, including pension, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance,
     maternity insurance and housing funds, as required by the PRC laws and regulations.

     Relationship with Our Shareholders
     We recognize the importance of protecting the interests of the Shareholders and of having effective communication with
     them. We believe communication with the Shareholders is a two-way process and have thrived to ensure the quality and
     effectiveness of information disclosure, maintain regular dialog with the Shareholders and listen carefully to the views and
     feedback from the Shareholders. This is done through general meetings, corporate communications, annual and interim
     reports and results announcements.




40   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Report of Directors

BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company as of the date of this annual report are
set out in “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 20 to 24 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares
in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established
the Remuneration Committee to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined and recommended
based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent
non-executive Directors, their remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Remuneration
Committee. The Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of the Pre-IPO ESOP, Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme, and/or the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors, chief executive officer and the five highest paid individuals for the Reporting
Period are set out in Notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Reporting Period, there was
no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors, chief executive officer or the five highest paid individuals as an
inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

As of 31 December 2024, none of the Directors had waived or agreed to waive any remuneration.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material
interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, whether for the provision
of services or otherwise, to the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow
subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Save for the Directors’ respective interests in the Group, none of the Directors was interested in any business which
competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2024.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTION
Details on related party transactions for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 39 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Save for the procurement of cloud computing services which constitutes fully exempt continuing connected transactions
for the Company, (i) none of the related party transactions constitute a connected transaction or continuing connected
transaction which is subject to the Shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules; and (ii) there was no connected transaction nor continuing connected transaction of the Group
which has to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.



                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   41
     Report of Directors

     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE
     COMPANY IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
     ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As of 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in any of the
     Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
     SFO (including interests and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO),
     or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise
     required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

     Interests in Shares and underlying Shares


                                                                                                             Number
                                                                                                          of Shares/         Percentage of
                                                                                                          underlying       shareholding in
     Name of Director                                Capacity/nature of interest                            Shares(1)       the Company(2)

     Dr. Wen Shuhao                                  Beneficial owner(3)                               81,093,362 (L)                 2.38%
                                                     Founder of trust(4)                              222,126,400 (L)                 6.51%
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation(5)(6)         506,718,783 (L)                14.84%

     Dr. Ma Jian                                     Beneficial owner(7)                               45,230,342 (L)                  1.33%
                                                     Founder of trust(8)                              122,908,500 (L)                  3.60%
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation(9)             59,103,125 (L)                  1.73%

     Dr. Lai Lipeng                                  Beneficial owner(10)                              32,315,661 (L)                  0.95%
                                                     Founder of trust(11)                              87,814,140 (L)                  2.57%

     Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                             Founder of trust(12)                                3,800,000 (L)                 0.11%
                                                     Beneficiary of trust(13)                            3,800,000 (L)                 0.11%
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation(14)              2,400,000 (L)                 0.07%

     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                       Beneficiary of trust(15)                              900,000 (L)                 0.03%

     Ms. Chan Wing Ki                                Beneficiary of trust(16)                              450,000 (L)                 0.01%

     Mr. Chow Ming Sang                              Beneficiary of trust(17)                              450,000 (L)                 0.01%

     Notes:

     (1)    The letter “L” denotes long positions.

     (2)    Calculated based on 3,413,523,761 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2024.

     (3)    Representing 81,093,362 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Wen Shuhao under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (4)    QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF
            (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under the SFO,
            Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to have a long position in 222,126,400 Shares.




42   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                         Report of Directors

(5)    QuantumPharm Roc, the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
       thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed
       to be interested in the 295,996,143 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.

(6)    Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
       of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached to
       the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to be interested in the 122,908,500
       Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

(7)    Representing 45,230,342 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Ma Jian under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

(8)    Crete Helix is held as to 99% by MH International Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is
       the trustee of the MH Fund Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Ma Jian as settlor. Under the SFO, Dr. Ma Jian is deemed
       to be interested in the 122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested.

(9)    Representing 59,103,125 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP held by QuantumPharm Employee
       Holdings, a holding vehicle wholly owned by the trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
       employees and ex-employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit
       Trust dated 28 June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole
       power to make all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the trust and to give
       instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

(10)   Representing 32,315,661 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Lai Lipeng under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

(11)   SeveningBAlpha is held as to 99% by LPHappy Holding, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the
       trustee of the LPHappy Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Lai Lipeng as settlor. Under the SFO, Dr. Lai Lipeng is
       deemed to be interested in the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

(12)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
       trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of his spouse. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be interested
       in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

(13)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
       trust established by the spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is
       deemed to be interested in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

(14)   Representing 2,400,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by ASJX Envision LLC. ASJX
       Envision LLC is held as to 40% by a revocable trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, 40% by a revocable trust established by the
       spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan and 20% by a family trust established by them. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be
       interested in the Shares in which ASJX Envision LLC is interested.

(15)   Representing 900,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

(16)   Representing 450,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. Chan Wing Ki under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

(17)   Representing 450,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Mr. Chow Ming Sang under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of
the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of SFO
(including interests and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or
which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   43
     Report of Directors

     INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As of 31 December 2024, so far as the Directors were aware, the following persons (not being a Director or chief executive
     of the Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
     which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein:

     Interests in the Shares


                                                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                                                                     Number of      shareholding in
     Name of Shareholder                            Nature of interest                                 Shares(1)     the Company(2)

     WSH Family Holdings Limited                    Interest in controlled corporation(3)         728,845,183 (L)           21.35%

     TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                              Trustee of trusts(3)                          728,845,183 (L)           21.35%

     QuantumPharm Holdings Limited                  Beneficial owner                              222,126,400 (L)            6.51%
                                                    Interest in controlled corporation(4)(5)      506,718,783 (L)           14.84%

     QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited              Beneficial owner                              295,996,143 (L)            8.67%

     Tencent Holdings Limited                       Interest in controlled corporation(6)         439,866,580 (L)           12.89%

     Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited            Beneficial owner                              439,866,580 (L)           12.89%

     HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd.                    Beneficial owner                              203,444,338 (L)            5.96%

     HongShan Capital Venture Fund VI,              Interest in controlled corporation(7)         203,444,338 (L)            5.96%
       L.P.

     HSG Venture VI Management, L.P.                Interest in controlled corporation(7)         203,444,338 (L)            5.96%

     HSG Holding Limited                            Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)      265,823,991 (L)            7.79%

     SNP China Enterprises Limited                  Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)      265,823,991 (L)            7.79%

     Shen Nan Peng                                  Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)(9)   282,182,729 (L)            8.27%

     China Life Chengda (Shanghai)         Beneficial owner                                       235,552,877 (L)            6.90%
       Healthcare Equity Investment Center
       (Limited Partnership)

     China Life Chengda (Shanghai)                  Interest in controlled corporation(10)        235,552,877 (L)            6.90%
       Healthcare Equity Investment
       Management Co., Ltd.

     China Life Insurance (Group) Company           Interest in controlled corporation(10)        235,552,877 (L)            6.90%

     China Life Insurance Company Limited           Interest in controlled corporation(10)        235,552,877 (L)            6.90%




44   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                     Report of Directors

                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                                   Number of              shareholding in
Name of Shareholder                            Nature of interest                                    Shares(1)             the Company(2)

5Y Capital GP Limited                          Interest in controlled corporation(11)          255,712,255 (L)                        7.49%

Liu Qin                                        Interest in controlled corporation(11)          255,712,255 (L)                        7.49%

Ni Yuanyuan                                    Interest of spouse(12)                          255,712,255 (L)                        7.49%

Shi Jianming                                   Interest in controlled corporation(11)          255,712,255 (L)                        7.49%

Lou Yiting                                     Interest of spouse(13)                          255,712,255 (L)                        7.49%

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes long positions.

(2)   Calculated based on 3,413,523,761 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2024.

(3)   QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF
      (Cayman) Ltd., being the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under
      the SFO, each of WSH Family Holdings and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which QuantumPharm
      Holdings is interested.

(4)   QuantumPharm Roc, being the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
      thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is
      deemed to be interested in the 295,996,143 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.

(5)   Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
      of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached
      to the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is deemed to be interested in the
      122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

(6)   Tencent Holdings Limited is the sole member of Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited. Under the SFO, Tencent Holdings Limited is
      deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited is interested.

(7)   HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Venture Fund VI, L.P., whose general partner is HSG Venture VI
      Management, L.P.. The general partner of HSG Venture VI Management, L.P. is HSG Holding Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
      SNP China Enterprises Limited. Shen Nan Peng is the sole shareholder of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Under the SFO, each of
      HongShan Capital Venture Fund VI, L.P., HSG Venture VI Management, L.P., HSG Holding Limited, SNP China Enterprises Limited
      and Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be interested in the 203,444,338 Shares in which HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd. is interested.

(8)   HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Venture Fund VIII, L.P., whose general partner is HSG Venture
      VIII Management, L.P. HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Growth Fund VI, L.P., whose general
      partner is HSG Growth VI Management, L.P.. The general partner of each of HSG Venture VIII Management, L.P. and HSG Growth
      VI Management, L.P. is HSG Holding Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Shen Nan Peng is the
      sole shareholder of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Under the SFO, each of HSG Holding Limited, SNP China Enterprises Limited and
      Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be interested in the 13,303,439 Shares in which HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd. is interested and the
      16,358,738 Shares in which HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd. is interested.

(9)   HCHP Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HCHP Master Fund, which is managed by HCHP Management Limited as investment
      manager, which is in turn wholly owned by HCHP Management Holding Limited. The majority voting rights of HCHP Management
      Holding Limited are indirectly held by its non-executive director, Shen Nan Peng. Under the SFO, Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be
      interested in the 16,358,738 Shares in which HCHP Holdco, Ltd. is interested.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   45
     Report of Directors

     (10)   The general partner of China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“China Life
            Chengda”) is China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., a limited liability company
            indirectly owned by China Life Insurance (Group) Company. The ultimate limited partners of China Life Chengda are China Life
            Insurance Company Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2628) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock
            code: 601628), being its largest limited partner of with 74.94% partnership interest, and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC. Under
            the SFO, each of China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., China Life Insurance (Group)
            Company, China Life Insurance Company Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which China Life Chengda is interested.

     (11)   Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P., are exempted limited
            partnerships established under the laws of the Cayman Islands and are controlled by 5Y Capital GP Limited, as their general partner.
            Each of Liu Qin and Shi Jianming is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of one-half of the voting power of all issued shares in
            5Y Capital GP Limited at its general meeting. Under the SFO, each of 5Y Capital GP Limited, Liu Qin and Shi Jianming is deemed
            to be interested in the Shares in which Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I
            Co-investment, L.P. are interested.

     (12)   Ni Yuanyuan is the spouse of Liu Qin. Under the SFO, Ni Yuanyuan is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Liu Qin is
            interested.

     (13)   Lou Yiting is the spouse of Shi Jianming. Under the SFO, Lou Yiting is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Liu Qin is
            interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other person (not being a Director
     or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which would
     fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


     LOCK-UP
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company or otherwise within the knowledge of the Directors, the
     following Shares are subject to disposal restrictions pursuant to Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules as of the latest practicable
     date prior to the issue of this annual report:

     Key Persons (as defined under Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules)


                                                                                    Number of           Percentage of
                                                                                Shares held in         shareholding in
                                                                                 the Company             the Company
                                                                              subject to lock-        subject to lock-       Last day subject
                                                                              up undertakings         up undertakings          to the lock-up
     Name                                                                         upon Listing          upon Listing(1)         undertakings

     Dr. Wen Shuhao(2)                                                            222,126,400(3)                   5.53%        12 June 2025(11)
                                                                                   81,093,362(4)                   2.02%        12 June 2025(11)
                                                                                   22,000,000(5)                   0.55%        12 June 2025(11)

     Dr. Ma Jian(2)                                                               122,908,500(6)                   3.06%        12 June 2025(11)
                                                                                   45,230,342(7)                   1.13%        12 June 2025(11)
                                                                                   59,103,125(8)                   1.47%        12 June 2025(11)

     Dr. Lai Lipeng(2)                                                              87,814,140(9)                  2.18%        12 June 2025(11)
                                                                                   32,315,661(10)                  0.80%        12 June 2025(11)


     Subtotal                                                                       672,591,530                  16.73%



46   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                           Report of Directors

Notes:

(1)   Calculated based on 4,019,811,761 Shares in issue as of 6 April 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this
      annual report.

(2)   Each of Dr. Wen Shuhao, Dr. Ma Jian and Dr. Lai Lipeng is a co-founder of the Company and an executive Director.

(3)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Holdings. QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings,
      which is the holding vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust
      established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor.

(4)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Wen Shuhao. Such Shares will
      be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Wen Shuhao upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the
      disposal restrictions. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and
      “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(5)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan (and his close
      associates) and Mr. Tam Man Hong. Such Shares will be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to them upon the exercise of the
      options and continue to be subject to the disposal restrictions. Pursuant to the powers of attorney granted by Mr. Tam Man Hong
      and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan in favor of Dr. Wen Shuhao on 28 May 2024, respectively, Dr. Wen Shuhao is unconditionally, indefinitely and
      irrevocably authorized and appointed to exercise all the voting rights attached to: (i) the Shares underlying the vested outstanding
      options owned by them; and (ii) the Shares transferred or issued to them upon the exercise of the vested outstanding options, except
      for any matter the outcome of the vote on which will disproportionately, materially and adversely affect the grantors, as compared
      to Dr. Wen Shuhao or any other Shareholder. The powers of attorney shall be valid from the Listing Date for an indefinite term. Each
      of Mr. Tam Man Hong and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, being the key persons of the Company, have provided undertakings to each of the
      Stock Exchange and the Company regarding the disposal of securities pursuant to Rule 18C.14(1) of the Listing Rules. For further
      details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(6)   Representing the Shares held by Crete Helix. Crete Helix is held as to 99% by MH International Holdings, which is the holding vehicle
      of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the MH Fund Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Ma Jian as
      settlor.

(7)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Ma Jian. Such Shares will be
      transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Ma Jian upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the disposal
      restrictions. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and
      “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(8)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying options held by QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a holding
      vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK) Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust, a discretionary trust
      established for the purposes of managing and administering the outstanding options granted to Dr. Zhang Peiyu, a member of
      senior management, and 12 other employees and ex-employees of the Group. Such options have been irrevocably settled into the
      QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust under the terms of its trust deed dated 28 June 2021. Under the terms of the trust deed, Dr.
      Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole power to make all decisions
      relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties (including the exercise of the options) held under the trust
      and to give instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions without the need to seek for consent from
      the beneficiaries, and the beneficiaries have no right to sell, bequeath or transfer any trust property. Upon exercise of the relevant
      options by the trustee based on Dr. Ma Jian’s instructions, the underlying Shares will be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to
      QuantumPharm Employee Holdings (but not to the beneficiaries) and become part of the trust property of the QuantumPharm
      Employee Benefit Trust. Dividends paid to QuantumPharm Employee Holdings as a Shareholder will also form part of the trust
      property of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust. Under the terms of the trust deed, Dr. Ma Jian also has the power to direct
      the trustee to make distributions of the trust property to the beneficiaries, but no beneficiaries can unilaterally withdraw from the trust
      any trust property, including options, Shares or dividends held thereunder.

      Dr. Ma Jian has provided a lock-up undertaking to the Company and the Stock Exchange with respect to the Shares to be
      transferred to the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust upon the exercise of vested options held by it which Dr. Ma Jian has the
      power to provide voting instructions under Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules and that he will, and will procure the QuantumPharm
      Employee Benefit Trust to, continue to comply with the relevant disposal restrictions throughout the lock-up period.

(9)   Representing the Shares held by SeveningBAlpha. SeveningBAlpha is held as to 99% by LPHappy Holding, which is the holding
      vehicle of TMF (Cayman) Ltd.. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the LPHappy Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr.
      Lai Lipeng as settlor.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   47
     Report of Directors

     (10)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Lai Lipeng. Such Shares will be
            transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Lai Lipeng upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the disposal
            restrictions. Dr. Lai Lipeng has provided a lock-up undertaking to the Company and the Stock Exchange with respect to the Shares
            underlying the options granted to him as well as any Shares to be transferred to him upon the exercise of his vested options under
            Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules and that he will continue to comply with the relevant disposal restrictions throughout the lock-up
            period.

     (11)   Being the date which is 12 months from the Listing Date.


     Undertaking Providers


                                                                                   Number of          Percentage of
                                                                               Shares held in        shareholding in
                                                                                the Company            the Company
                                                                             subject to lock-       subject to lock-       Last day subject
                                                                             up undertakings        up undertakings          to the lock-up
     Name                                                                        upon Listing         upon Listing(1)         undertakings

     Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited                                           439,866,580                  10.94%           6 May 2025(3)

     HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd.                                                   203,444,338                   5.06%           6 May 2025(3)

     HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd.                                                   49,076,214                   1.22%           6 May 2025(3)

     HCHP Holdco, Ltd.(2)                                                           16,358,738                   0.41%           6 May 2025(3)

     HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd.                                                  13,303,439                   0.33%           6 May 2025(3)

     Evolution Fund I, L.P.                                                        137,008,547                   3.41%           6 May 2025(3)

     Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P                                      85,349,937                   2.12%           6 May 2025(3)

     Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P.                                           33,353,771                   0.83%           6 May 2025(3)

     China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Industry Equity
       Investment Center (Limited Partnership)                                     235,552,877                   5.86%           6 May 2025(3)

     Beijing PICC Health & Pension Industry Investment Fund
       (Limited Partnership)                                                       119,730,945                   2.98%           6 May 2025(3)


     Subtotal                                                                    1,333,045,386                  33.16%


     Notes:

     (1)    Calculated based on 4,019,811,761 Shares in issue as of 6 April 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this
            annual report.

     (2)    Save for HCHP Holdco, Ltd., which is a close associate of a Pathfinder SII, the other undertaking providers are Pathfinder SIIs of the
            Company.

     (3)    The date falling on the 30th day after 6 April 2025, being the date of the Company’s announcement on the removal of designation as
            a Pre-Commercial Company as required under Rule 18C.24 of the Listing Rules.



48   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Report of Directors

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, we have three share schemes in effect.

1.   Pre-IPO ESOP
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP as adopted by the Shareholders on 24 July
     2021 and amended on 5 August 2021. No further awards was or will be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP after the
     Listing. The terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     (a)   Purpose
           The purpose of the Pre-IPO ESOP is to motivate and reward employees and other individuals to perform at the
           highest level and contribute significantly to the success of our Group, thereby furthering the best interests of our
           Company and the Shareholders.

     (b)   Participants
           Any individuals (including officers) employed on a full-time basis by our Group, any non-employee directors of our
           Company and our subsidiaries, any individuals (including advisors) who are providing services to our Group, or
           any individuals who devote substantially all of their time and efforts to the business, management and operation
           of our Group are participants eligible to receive awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP, to the extent that an offer or
           receipt of an award is permitted by applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting
           or tax rules and regulations.

           Holders of equity compensation awards granted by a company that is acquired by our Group (or whose business
           is acquired by our Group) or with which our Group combines are also eligible for grants of awards under the
           Pre-IPO ESOP in assumption of, or in substitution for, an outstanding award previously granted by that company
           or business.

           A participant who is a non-employee director of our Company or our subsidiary may not receive compensation
           for any calendar year in excess of US$750,000 in the aggregate, including cash payments and awards under the
           Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (c)   Administration
           The Pre-IPO ESOP is administered by the a committee authorized by the Board (the “Committee”), which has
           the full discretion and authority to, among others, select the participants and determine the types of awards that
           they are to receive, and determine the number of Shares that are to be subject to the awards and the terms
           and conditions of the awards, including the price (if any) to be paid for the awards and the vesting conditions (if
           applicable) of such awards, and prescribe the form of each award agreement.

     (d)   Number of shares available for awards
           The maximum number of the Shares available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP shall not exceed in the
           aggregate 318,392,443 Shares, representing approximately 7.92% of the total number of issued Shares
           (excluding any Treasury Shares) as of the date of this annual report.

           Prior to the Listing, a total of 318,392,443 options had been granted to eligible participants under the Pre-IPO
           ESOP. None of the grantees were required to pay any consideration for the grant of the awards. All the Shares
           underlying the outstanding options (including those vested and unvested) have been issued by the Company, the
           last of which took place in August 2021, and are held by QuantumPharm Roc. No further awards will be granted
           pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   49
     Report of Directors

            (e)       Time and conditions of exercise
                      The term of each option shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant
                      of such option. The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an option becomes vested and
                      exercisable in whole or in part.

            (f)       Exercise price
                      The exercise price per Share under an option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant.

                      Subject to the terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP and applicable law, the Committee, from time to time and in its sole
                      discretion, may provide for (1) the amendment of any outstanding option to adjust the exercise price of the
                      option, (2) the cancellation, exchange, or surrender of an outstanding option in exchange for cash or other types
                      of awards (for the purpose of repricing the option or otherwise), or (3) the cancellation, exchange, or surrender of
                      an outstanding option in exchange for an option with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the
                      original option.

            (g)       Term
                      The Pre-IPO ESOP will expire on the 10-year anniversary of the effective date, being 14 July 2031. Any awards
                      that are outstanding on the 10-year anniversary of the effective date shall remain in force according to the terms
                      of the Pre-IPO ESOP and the applicable award agreement.

                      As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO ESOP is approximately 5 years and 9
                      months.

     Movements in the options under the Pre-IPO ESOP
     Details of the outstanding options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP as of 31 December 2024 are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                        Number
                                                                                                                                        Number       of options
                                                                                                                                     of options      cancelled/
                                                                                                                       Number         exercised        forfeited
                                                                                                                     of Shares           during          during       Number
                                                                                                                    underlying       the period      the period     of Shares
                                                                                                                   outstanding         from the        from the underlying the
                                             Exercise                                                                  options      Prospectus      Prospectus outstanding
                                             price                                                                    as of the      date up to      date up to options as of
                                             (US$ per                                                              Prospectus     31 December     31 December 31 December
     Name of grantee      Date of grant      share)       Vesting status                      Exercise period             date             2024            2024          2024

     Directors
     Dr. Wen Shuhao       15 April 2021      0.18792135   Fully vested                         15 April 2021–       38,183,588                –              –      38,183,588
                                                                                                   14 April 2031
                          24 November 2023 0.2467842      50% will be vested after 24 months   24 November 2023–    42,909,774                –              –      42,909,774
                                                            commencing from the Listing Date,      23 November
                                                            25% will be vested after 36 months     2033
                                                            commencing from the Listing Date
                                                            and 25% will be vested after 48
                                                            months commencing from the
                                                            Listing Date




50   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                 Report of Directors

                                                                                                                                                       Number
                                                                                                                                       Number       of options
                                                                                                                                    of options      cancelled/
                                                                                                                     Number          exercised        forfeited
                                                                                                                   of Shares            during          during       Number
                                                                                                                  underlying        the period      the period     of Shares
                                                                                                                 outstanding          from the        from the underlying the
                                         Exercise                                                                    options       Prospectus      Prospectus outstanding
                                         price                                                                      as of the       date up to      date up to options as of
                                         (US$ per                                                                Prospectus      31 December     31 December 31 December
Name of grantee       Date of grant      share)       Vesting status                       Exercise period              date              2024            2024          2024

Dr. Ma Jian           15 April 2021      0.18792135   Fully vested                           15 April 2021–       21,436,379                 –              –      21,436,379
                                                                                                 14 April 2031
                      24 November 2023 0.2467842      50% will be vested after 24 months     24 November 2023–    23,793,963                 –              –      23,793,963
                                                          commencing from the Listing Date,      23 November
                                                          25% will be vested after 36 months     2033
                                                          commencing from the Listing Date
                                                          and 25% will be vested after 48
                                                          months commencing from the
                                                          Listing Date
Dr. Lai Lipeng        15 April 2021      0.18792135   Fully vested                           15 April 2021–       15,315,639                 –              –      15,315,639
                                                                                                 14 April 2031
                      24 November 2023 0.2467842      50% will be vested after 24 months     24 November 2023–    17,000,022                 –              –      17,000,022
                                                          commencing from the Listing Date,      23 November
                                                          25% will be vested after 36 months     2033
                                                          commencing from the Listing Date
                                                          and 25% will be vested after 48
                                                          months commencing from the
                                                          Listing Date
Dr. Jiang Yide Alan   1 October 2015     0.0008       Fully vested                           1 October 2015–     10,000,000(1)               –              –      10,000,000
                                                                                                 14 July 2031

Consultants
2 grantees(3)         3 September 2019   0.26309      Fully vested                         3 September 2019–          53,215                 –              –          53,215
                                                                                               2 September
                                                                                               2029
                      3 September 2019   0.26309      Fully vested                         3 September 2019–         478,934                 –              –        478,934
                                                                                               2 September
                                                                                               2029




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   51
     Report of Directors

                                                                                                                                                                   Number
                                                                                                                                                   Number       of options
                                                                                                                                                of options      cancelled/
                                                                                                                                 Number          exercised        forfeited
                                                                                                                               of Shares            during          during       Number
                                                                                                                              underlying        the period      the period     of Shares
                                                                                                                             outstanding          from the        from the underlying the
                                                 Exercise                                                                        options       Prospectus      Prospectus outstanding
                                                 price                                                                          as of the       date up to      date up to options as of
                                                 (US$ per                                                                    Prospectus      31 December     31 December 31 December
     Name of grantee        Date of grant        share)          Vesting status                       Exercise period               date              2024            2024          2024

     Five highest paid individuals during 2024
     2 grantees(7) (range     16 September 2017 0.00283995       A(4)                                 16 September 2017–      1,000,000(2)               –              –       1,000,000
         of 1,000,000 to                                                                                  15 September
         4,999,999 Shares                                                                                 2027
         underlying the       15 April 2021     0.00283995       B(4)                                 15 April 2021–          1,849,443(2)               –              –       1,849,443
         options granted)                                                                                 14 April 2031
                              30 September 2023 0.18792135       A(4)                                 30 September 2023–         632,500          375,000               –        257,500
                                                                                                          29 September
                                                                                                          2033
                                                                 C(4)                                 30 September 2023–       1,575,000          160,000               –       1,415,000
                                                                                                          29 September
                                                                                                          2033
                            1 March 2024         0.18792135      A(4)                                 1 March 2024–              360,000                 –              –        360,000
                                                                                                          28 February 2034

     Ex-employees and other employees (who are not Directors, consultants or five highest paid individuals during 2024)
     167 grantees (range   26 November 2015 0.00032458 to A, B, C, D(4)                              Within 10 years from     22,852,004        3,721,500       1,187,500      17,943,004
         of 1 to 499,999       to 1 March         0.527                                                  the date of grant
         Shares underlying     2024
         the options
         granted)
     19 grantees (range    1 February 2017 to 0.00283995 to A, B, C(4)                               Within 10 years from      7,400,000        1,018,000               –       6,382,000
         of 500,000 to         1 March 2024       0.462                                                  the date of grant
         999,999 Shares
         underlying the
         options granted)




52   XtalPi Holdings Limited     Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                    Report of Directors

                                                                                                                                           Number
                                                                                                                          Number        of options
                                                                                                                       of options       cancelled/
                                                                                                        Number          exercised         forfeited
                                                                                                      of Shares            during           during       Number
                                                                                                     underlying        the period       the period     of Shares
                                                                                                    outstanding          from the         from the underlying the
                                            Exercise                                                    options       Prospectus       Prospectus outstanding
                                            price                                                      as of the       date up to       date up to options as of
                                            (US$ per                                                Prospectus      31 December      31 December 31 December
Name of grantee          Date of grant      share)        Vesting status    Exercise period                date              2024             2024          2024

9 grantees (range        26 November 2015 0.00032458 to A, B, C(4)          Within 10 years from     38,363,482        2,512,500         1,050,000     34,800,982
    of 1,000,000 to          to 1 March       0.527                             the date of grant
    4,999,999 Shares         2024
    underlying the
    options granted)
3 grantees (range of     1 March 2016       0.00150       Fully vested      1 March 2016–            8,000,000(2)               –                –      8,000,000
    5,000,000 Shares                                                            28 February 2026
    or more underlying   1 February 2017    0.00150       Fully vested      1 February 2017–         7,000,000(2)               –                –      7,000,000
    the options                                                                 31 January 2027
    granted)             1 March 2017       0.00150       Fully vested      1 March 2017–            5,000,000(2)               –                –      5,000,000
                                                                                28 February 2027
2 grantees (senior       1 October 2015     0.00001       Fully vested      1 October 2015–         22,837,200(2)               –                –     22,837,200
    management)                                                                 30 September
                                                                                2025
                         1 January 2021     0.18792135    Fully vested      1 January 2021–         12,000,000(1)               –                –     12,000,000
                                                                                31 December
                                                                                2030


Total                                                                                               298,041,143       7,787,000(5)       2,237,500    288,016,643


Notes:

(1)      Pursuant to the powers of attorney granted by Mr. Tam Man Hong and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan in favor of Dr. Wen Shuhao on 28 May
         2024, respectively, Dr. Wen Shuhao is unconditionally, indefinitely and irrevocably authorized and appointed to exercise all the
         voting rights attached to: (i) the Shares underlying the vested outstanding options owned by them; and (ii) the Shares transferred
         or issued to them upon the exercise of the vested outstanding options, except for any matter the outcome of the vote on which
         will disproportionately, materially and adversely affect the grantors, as compared to Dr. Wen Shuhao or any other Shareholder. The
         powers of attorney shall be valid from the Listing Date for an indefinite term. Accordingly, the voting rights of the Shares underlying
         the vested outstanding options will be entrusted to Dr. Wen Shuhao upon the Listing.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    XtalPi Holdings Limited   53
     Report of Directors

     (2)    Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying options held by QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a holding
            vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK) Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
            employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust dated 28
            June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole power to make
            all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the trust and to give instructions and
            directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

     (3)    The two consultants were one of the advisory board members of XtalPi Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
            They were responsible for providing professional advice, opinion and guidance to our technology developments and applications in
            the pharmaceutical and materials design industry and market, making recommendations and referrals on scientific researchers and
            industry leaders and promoting our scientific exchanges and collaborations in pharmaceutical innovation within China and the United
            States.

     (4)    Please refer to the different categories of vesting schedules below:

            Category           Vesting schedule

            A                  Four equal tranches with the vesting date on the first, second, third and fourth anniversary date of the grant date.

            B                  50% will be vested at the second anniversary of the grant date, 25% will be vested at the third anniversary of the
                               grant date, and 25% will be vested at the fourth anniversary of the grant date.

            C                  25% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 75% will be vested in three equal tranches with the
                               vesting date on the first, second and third anniversary date of the grant date.

            D                  50% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 50% will be vested in two equal tranches with vesting
                               date on the first and second anniversary date of the grant date.

     (5)    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$4.78.

     (6)    There were no lapse of options during the period from the Listing Date up to 31 December 2024.

     (7)    For the Reporting Period, the five highest paid individuals included 3 executive Directors, whose interests in the options granted
            under the Pre-IPO ESOP have been separately disclosed under “Directors” in the table above and not aggregated to the “Five highest
            paid individuals during 2024”.


     2.     Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
            The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme adopted by the Company
            pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders passed on 28 May 2024.

            (a)    Purposes of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
                   The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is a share incentive scheme prepared in accordance with Chapter 17 of the
                   Listing Rules and is established to recognize and acknowledge the contributions that the eligible participants of
                   the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme had or may have made to our Group.

                   The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will provide the eligible participants an opportunity to have a personal stake
                   in our Company with the view to achieving the objectives of (i) motivating the eligible participants to optimize their
                   performance efficiency for the benefit of our Group, and (ii) attracting and retaining or otherwise maintaining an
                   on-going business relationship with the eligible participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the
                   long-term growth of our Group.




54   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                       Report of Directors

(b)   Eligible participants of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
      The eligible participants under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme include any director and employee of our
      Company or any of our subsidiaries (including persons who are granted options under the Post-IPO Share Option
      Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with our Company and/or any of our subsidiaries
      but excluding Dr. Wen Shuhao, Dr. Ma Jian and Dr. Lai Lipeng).

(c)   Acceptance of an offer of options
      An option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee and to have taken effect when
      the duplicate offer document constituting acceptance of the option duly signed by the grantee, together with a
      remittance in favor of our Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof, is received by our
      Company on or before the relevant acceptance date.

(d)   Number of Shares available for grant
      The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options and awards may be granted under the Post-IPO
      Share Option Scheme and any other share schemes of our Company must not in aggregate exceed 6% of
      the total number of Shares in issue immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (without taking
      into account the Shares issued upon the exercise of the over-allotment option), being 204,406,365 Shares,
      representing approximately 7.92% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding any Treasury Shares) as of the
      date of this annual report.

      Our Company may either issue new Shares or transfer Treasury Shares to the relevant grantee to satisfy the
      awards upon exercise of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(e)   Maximum number of options to any one individual
      Any grant of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to an eligible participant which, when aggregated
      with any Shares issued or to be issued in respect of all options or awards granted to that person (excluding
      any options or awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) under the Post-IPO Share
      Option Scheme and the other share schemes of our Company in any 12-month period up to and including the
      date of such offer, exceeds 1% of the number of Shares in issue (excluding any Treasury Shares) on the offer
      date, shall be subject to Shareholders’ approval in general meeting and such other requirements prescribed
      under the Listing Rules from time to time.

      Any grant of options to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of our Company or any of their
      respective associates is required to be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
      independent non-executive Director who is the grantee of the options). If any such grant will result in the number
      of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such person under the
      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme or other share schemes of our Company (excluding any options and awards
      lapsed in accordance with the terms of such schemes) in the 12-month period up to and including the date on
      which the grant is made representing in aggregate over 0.1%, or such other percentage as may be from time
      to time provided under the Listing Rules, of our Shares in issue (excluding any Treasury Shares) on such date
      on which the grant is made, such further grant of options will be subject to, in addition to the abovementioned
      approval of the independent non-executive Directors, the approval of our Shareholders in general meeting and
      such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   55
     Report of Directors

            (f)    Subscription price
                   Subject to certain adjustments under the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the subscription price of
                   a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be such price
                   as our Board in its absolute discretion shall determine, save that such price must be at least the higher of: (i) the
                   closing price of our Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which
                   must be a business day; and (ii) the average closing price of our Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
                   quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the grant of options is
                   made.

            (g)    Vesting period
                   The vesting period of any options shall not be less than 12 months. Options may be subject to a shorter vesting
                   period under any of the following circumstances:

                   (1)     where the options are granted in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, an award previously
                           granted, or the right or obligation to make a future award, in all cases by a company acquired by our
                           Company or any of our subsidiary or with which our Company or any of our subsidiary combines;

                   (2)     where the Shares to be issued upon the exercise of such options are subject to a minimum holding
                           period of not less than 12 months and are delivered to an eligible participant under his/her compensation
                           arrangements with our Company, including Shares delivered to a non-employee director in respect of such
                           non-employee director’s annual retainer;

                   (3)     where the options are sign-on or make-whole grants to new eligible participants;

                   (4)     where the options are subject to performance-based vesting conditions;

                   (5)     where the options are granted in batches for administrative or compliance reasons;

                   (6)     where the options shall vest evenly over a period of 12 months or more;

                   (7)     where the options are subject to a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months; or

                   (8)     in cases of retirement, separation, retention arrangements, death, disability or a change in control of our
                           Company, our Board may accelerate the vesting of the options at its sole discretion.

            (h)    Time of exercise of option
                   An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme at any time after
                   the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of five years from
                   that date. The period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by our Board in its absolute
                   discretion, save that no option may be exercised more than five years after it has been granted.

            (i)    Duration of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
                   No option may be granted more than five years after the Listing Date. Subject to earlier termination by our
                   Company in general meeting or by our Board, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for
                   a period of five years from the Listing Date, with the expiry date being 13 June 2029.

                   As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 4
                   years and 2 months.




56   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                               Report of Directors

Movements in the options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
As of 31 December 2024, no option had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

3.   Post-IPO RSU Scheme
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme adopted by our Company pursuant to
     the resolutions of our then Shareholders passed on 28 May 2024.

     (a)   Purpose of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
           The Post-IPO RSU Scheme is a share incentive scheme prepared in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing
           Rules and is established to recognize and acknowledge their contributions or potential contributions to our
           Group.

           The Post-IPO RSU Scheme will provide the eligible participants an opportunity to have a personal stake in our
           Company with the view to achieving the following objectives: (i) motivate the eligible participants to optimize their
           performance efficiency for the benefit of our Group; and (ii) attract and retain or otherwise maintain an on-going
           business relationship with the eligible participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term
           growth of our Group.

     (b)   Eligible participants of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
           The eligible participants under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme includes any director and employee of our Company
           or any of our subsidiaries (including persons who are granted awards under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme as an
           inducement to enter into employment contracts with our Company or any of our subsidiaries but excluding Dr.
           Wen Shuhao, Dr. Ma Jian and Dr. Lai Lipeng).

     (c)   Acceptance of a grant of awards
           Award shall remain open for acceptance by the participant for a period to be determined by our Board, provided
           that no such grant shall be open for acceptance after the lapse of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme Period (as defined
           below) or after the Post-IPO RSU Scheme has been terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof. The
           Post-IPO RSU Scheme does not specify any amount payable on application or acceptance of the award.

     (d)   Number of Shares available for grant
           No award shall be granted pursuant to the Post-IPO RSU Scheme if as a result of such grant (assumed
           accepted), the aggregate number of Shares (being in a board lot or an integral multiple thereof) underlying all
           grants made pursuant to the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and any other share schemes of our Company (excluding
           the awards and the awards that have lapsed or been canceled in accordance with the rules of the Post-IPO
           RSU Scheme and other share schemes of our Company) will exceed 6% of the total number of Shares in issue
           immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (without taking into account the Shares issued upon
           the exercise of the over-allotment option), being 204,406,365 Shares, representing approximately 7.92% of the
           total number of issued Shares (excluding any Treasury Shares) as of the date of this annual report.

           Our Company may (i) issue Shares or transfer Treasury Shares to the trustee of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
           (the “RSU Trustee”) which will be used to satisfy the awards upon exercise and/or (ii) direct and procure the
           RSU Trustee to receive existing Shares from any Shareholder or purchase existing Shares (through on-market
           transactions on Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules and any other applicable laws and
           regulations) at the prevailing market price to satisfy the awards upon exercise.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   57
     Report of Directors

            (e)    Maximum number of options to any one individual
                   Any grant of awards under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme to an eligible participant which, when aggregated with any
                   Shares issued or to be issued in respect of all options or awards granted to that person (excluding any options or
                   awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the
                   other share schemes of our Company in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant, exceeds 1%
                   of the number of Shares in issue (excluding any Treasury Shares) on the date of such grant, shall be subject to
                   Shareholders’ approval in general meeting and such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from
                   time to time.

                   Any grant of awards to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of our Company or any of their
                   respective associates shall be subject to the approval by the independent non-executive Directors (and in
                   the event that our Board offers to grant awards to an independent non-executive Director, the vote of such
                   independent non-executive Director shall not be counted for the purposes of approving such grant).

                   If any grant of awards to a Director (other than an independent non-executive Director) or chief executive
                   of the Company (or any of their respective associates) will result in the number of Shares issued and to be
                   issued in respect of all awards granted to such person under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the other share
                   schemes (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of such schemes) in the 12-month period
                   up to and including the date on which the grant is made representing in aggregate over 0.1%, or such other
                   percentage as may be from time to time provided under the Listing Rules, of the Shares in issue (excluding any
                   Treasury Shares) on the date on which the grant is made, such further grant shall be subject to, in addition to
                   the abovementioned approval of the independent non-executive Directors, the approval of the Shareholders in
                   general meeting and such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time.

                   If any grant of awards to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director of our Company
                   (or any of their respective associates) will result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of
                   all options and awards granted to such person under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the other share schemes
                   (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of such schemes) in the 12-month
                   period up to and including the date on which the grant is made representing in aggregate over 0.1%, or such
                   other percentage as may be from time to time provided under the Listing Rules, of the Shares in issue (excluding
                   any Treasury Shares) on the date on which the grant is made, such further grant shall be subject to, in addition
                   to the approval of the independent non-executive Directors as abovementioned, the approval of the Shareholders
                   in general meeting and such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time.

            (f)    Purchase price
                   Awards may be granted on such terms and conditions as our Board may determine, provided such terms and
                   conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms and conditions of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme. For the
                   avoidance of doubt, our Board may determine the purchase price to be nil.

            (g)    Vesting period
                   The vesting period for any awards shall not be less than 12 months. Awards may be subject to a shorter vesting
                   period under any of the following circumstances:

                   (1)     where the awards are granted in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, an award previously
                           granted, or the right or obligation to make a future award, in all cases by a company acquired by our Group
                           or with which our Group combines;

                   (2)     where the Shares to be issued upon the vesting of such awards are subject to a minimum holding period
                           of not less than 12 months and are delivered to an eligible participant under his/her compensation
                           arrangements with our Company, including Shares delivered to a non-employee Director in respect of such
                           non-employee Director’s annual retainer;
58   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                           Report of Directors

                (3)    where the awards are sign-on or make-whole grants to new eligible participants;

                (4)    where the awards are subject to performance-based vesting conditions;

                (5)    where the awards are granted in batches for administrative or compliance reasons;

                (6)    where the awards shall vest evenly over a period of 12 months or more;

                (7)    where the awards are subject to a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months; or

                (8)    in cases of retirement, separation, retention arrangements, death, disability or a change in control of our
                       Company, our Board may accelerate the vesting of the awards at its sole discretion.

        (h)     Duration of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
                Subject to certain termination events, the Post-IPO RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of five
                (5) years commencing on the Listing Date (the “Post-IPO RSU Scheme Period”), after which period no further
                awards will be granted, but the provisions of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme shall in all other respects remain in full
                force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the awards granted prior thereto or otherwise as may
                be required in accordance with the provisions of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the awards that are granted
                during the Post-IPO RSU Scheme Period shall continue to be exercisable in accordance with the Post-IPO RSU
                Scheme.

                As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme is approximately 4 years and
                2 months.

Movements in the RSUs under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme as of 31 December 2024 are set out below:

                                                                                                                                Number                       Number of
                                                                                                              Number of         of RSUs      Number of        unvested
                                      Purchase     Number of unvested RSUs as of       Number of RSUs       RSUs vested       cancelled    RSUs lapsed      RSUs as of
                                      price (HK$   the adoption date of the Post-IPO   granted during the     during the      during the     during the   31 December
Name of grantee       Date of grant   per share)   RSU Scheme(1)                       year                         year            year           year           2024

Directors
Mr. Law Cheuk Kin     20 December     Nil          –                                   900,000                         –               –              –        900,000
    Stephen               2024(2)
Ms. Chan Wing Ki      20 December     Nil          –                                   450,000                         –               –              –        450,000
                          2024(2)
Mr. Chow Ming Sang    20 December     Nil          –                                   450,000                         –               –              –        450,000
                          2024(2)


Total                                              –                                   1,800,000                       –               –              –      1,800,000


Notes:

(1)     The Post-IPO RSU Scheme was adopted by the Company on 28 May 2024 and therefore the number of unvested RSUs as of 1
        January 2024 was not applicable.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   59
     Report of Directors

     (2)    Subject to the terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, the vesting period of the RSUs granted is as follows: 25% of the RSUs granted
            shall vest on each of (i) 20 December 2025, (ii) 20 December 2026, (iii) 20 December 2027, and (iv) 20 December 2028. The vesting
            of the RSUs is not subject to any performance targets. The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the
            RSUs were granted was HK$5.50.

     (3)    For the Reporting Period, none of the five highest paid individuals were granted any award under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.


     Save as disclosed above, no RSU had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme from the
     Listing Date to 31 December 2024.

     Details of the fair value of the RSUs at the date of grant, basis for fair value measurement and information on whether and
     how the features of the RSUs are incorporated into the measurement of fair value are set out in Notes 2.2.13 and 35 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report.

     Number of Share Available for Future Grant
     As the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme were adopted by the Company on 28 May 2024,
     no options or awards were available for grant as of 1 January 2024. The number of options and awards available for grant
     under the Scheme Limit as of the Listing Date and the end of the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                                  Scheme Limit(Note)
                                                                                                               As of 31 December
                                                                                   As of the Listing Date                   2024

     Number of options and awards available for grant                                         204,406,365                   202,606,365
                                                                                          underlying Shares             underlying Shares

     Note: No service provider sublimit was set under the Scheme Limit.


     For the purpose of Rule 17.07(3) of the Listing Rules, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of options and
     awards granted under all schemes of the Company during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of
     shares of the relevant class in issue (excluding any Treasury Shares) for the Reporting Period is 0.09%.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Shares Incentive Schemes
     Details of the Pre-IPO ESOP, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme are set out above in this
     section on pages 49 to 60 of this annual report.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares
     or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were
     entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION
     The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended 31 December 2024. The
     Directors are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the
     year ended 31 December 2024.




60   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                               Report of Directors

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
The Shares of the Company were first listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date. On 11
September 2024, 2,045,000 Shares had been cancelled due to the surrender of Shares by a member of the Company for
no consideration pursuant to the written notice from such member. Save for the aforesaid, during the period from the Listing
Date to 31 December 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of Treasury Shares). As of 31 December 2024, the Company did not hold any
Treasury Shares.


SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 and details of the Shares
issued during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


DEBENTURES ISSUED
The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended 31 December 2024. (2023: nil)


DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

As of 31 December 2024, there was no arrangement under which a Shareholder had waived or agreed to waive any
dividends.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding,
claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in
carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud or wilful
default. Such permitted indemnity provision was in force throughout the year ended 31 December 2024 and as of the date
of this annual report.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and senior management of the
Company for their liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The Company may pay dividends out of the share premium account, retained earnings and any other reserves provided that
immediately following the payment of such dividends, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when
they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

As of 31 December 2024, the Company did not have any distributable reserves.

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set
out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 148 and Notes 34 and 40(b) to the consolidated financial
statements.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB649,000 (2023:
RMB251,000).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   61
     Report of Directors

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note
     15 to the consolidated financial statements.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     In connection with the Company’s Global Offering, 187,373,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of US$0.00001 each
     were issued at HK$5.28 per share on the Listing Date. On 10 July 2024, an additional of 8,796,000 ordinary shares with a
     nominal value of US$0.00001 each were issued at HK$5.28 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment
     option.

     The net proceeds from the Global Offering (including net proceeds raised from the shares issued as a result of the partial
     exercise of the over-allotment option) were approximately HK$915.18 million. As at 31 December 2024, details of the
     utilisation of such net proceeds were as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Expected
                                                                                                    Utilized net                    timeline for
                                                                       Amount of                       proceeds Unutilized net      utilizing the
                                                                    net proceeds     Percentage       during the proceeds as of     remaining
     Use of proceeds from                                             for planned    of total net year ended 31    31 December      balance of
     Global Offering                                                 applications      proceeds December 2024             2024      net proceeds
                                                                     (HK$ million)                  (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


     Enhancing R&D capabilities and
           solutions provision                                            686.39           75%             72.41         613.98     By 2029
     (i)      upgrading and optimizing the quantum physics-
              based closed-loop integrated technology platform:
              —       recruit automation-related talents and
                      compound talents                                      91.52          10%              1.58           89.94
              —       build automated workstations, centrifuges
                      and other ancillary equipment                         91.52          10%              3.55           87.97
              —       build an intelligent computing center and
                      further upgrade and improve the intelligent
                      computing resource allocation system                183.04           20%             14.51         168.53
     (ii)     enhancing the ability to develop solutions in the
              biotechnology, pharmaceutical, materials science
              (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and
              cosmetics):
              —       recruit five professionals in the
                      biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors
                      and build a team that can fully operate and
                      support the R&D and delivery of materials           137.28           15%              3.64         133.64
              —       purchase protein chromatography purifiers,
                      cryo-EM accessories, flow cytometers, mass
                      spectrometers, microplate readers and other
                      instruments                                         109.82           12%              2.45         107.37
     (iii)    lease of properties for and improvements of the
              R&D centers in Shanghai and Shenzhen                          73.21           8%             46.68           26.53




62   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                           Report of Directors

                                                                                                                                    Expected
                                                                                               Utilized net                         timeline for
                                                                  Amount of                       proceeds Unutilized net           utilizing the
                                                               net proceeds     Percentage       during the proceeds as of          remaining
Use of proceeds from                                             for planned    of total net year ended 31    31 December           balance of
Global Offering                                                 applications      proceeds December 2024             2024           net proceeds
                                                                (HK$ million)                  (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)


Improving commercialization capability in and
     beyond China                                                    137.28           15%             20.44             116.84      By 2029
(i)     expanding business development and
        marketing team with a focus on development
        of relationship with potential customers that are
        famous pharmaceutical companies/contract
        research organization/contract development and
        manufacturing organization companies in China
        and overseas countries or regions, especially in the
        United States                                                  73.21           8%              2.72               70.49
(ii)    business development activities overseas
        in addition to the recruitment of business
        development and marketing staff as mentioned
        above                                                          64.06           7%             17.72               46.34


For working capital and general corporate purposes                     91.52          10%             91.52                     —   By 2029


Total                                                                915.18          100%           184.37              730.81


Notes:

(1)     The sum of the data may not add up to the total due to rounding.

(2)     The above expected time frame of unutilized amount is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen circumstances,
        and would be subject to change based on the future development of the Group and the market conditions.


As of 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any material change in the planned use of the net proceeds. All
the unused net proceeds have been deposited in short-term interest-bearing accounts at licensed commercial banks and/or
other authorised financial institutions maintained by the Group.


SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 24 January 2025, the Group successfully completed a placing of 264,000,000 new Shares at the price of HK$4.28
per Share. The total gross proceeds from the placing are approximately HK$1,130 million, and the net proceeds (after
deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the placing amounted to
approximately HK$1,125 million.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   63
     Report of Directors

     On 19 February 2025, the Group successfully completed a further placing of 342,288,000 new Shares at the price of
     HK$6.10 per Share. The total gross proceeds from the placing are approximately HK$2,088 million, and the net proceeds
     (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the placing amounted to
     approximately HK$2,080 million.

     Up to the report date, the Group has entered into several equity related investments with several entities with total
     consideration of approximately RMB69 million.


     AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The Company will arrange the time of convening the annual general meeting as soon as practicable and in accordance with
     the Listing Rules. A notice convening the annual general meeting will be published and disseminated to the Shareholders in
     the manner required by the Listing Rules and the Articles of Association in due course. Once the date of the annual general
     meeting is finalized, the Company will publish the period of closure of register of members of the Company in the notice of
     the annual general meeting.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     A report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance
     Report on pages 25 to 37 of this annual report.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company maintained the
     prescribed public float as required under the Listing Rules as of the date of this annual report.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s listed securities.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant laws of the Cayman Islands
     where the Company is incorporated which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
     Shareholders.


     AUDITORS
     The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 13 June 2024, and the Company has no change in auditors since
     the Listing Date. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been audited by
     PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the Company, who will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general
     meeting of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of
     PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditor of the Company will be proposed thereat.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
     The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

     All references above to other sections, reports or notes in this annual report form part of this annual report.




64   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                         Report of Directors

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than
statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.


APPRECIATION
The Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, management team, employees, business partners
and customers for their support and contribution to the Group.

By order of the Board
XtalPi Holdings Limited
Dr. Wen Shuhao
Chairman of the Board and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   65
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     ABOUT THE REPORT
     This Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) is the first ESG Report issued by XtalPi Holdings Limited
     (the “XtalPi”, “we”, “our”, “us” and “Company”), which is designated to give an objective and true view of the Company’s
     strategies, policies, measures and achievements in terms of sustainable development, and focuses on the disclosure of the
     Company’s information in environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) aspects.

     Basis of Preparation
     The Report has been prepared pursuant to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code (the “ESG Code”)
     as set out in Appendix C2 to the Rules (the “Listing Rules”) Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).

     Reporting Cycle
     From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (the “Reporting Period” or the “Year”).

     Reporting Scope
     The reporting scope of the Report covers XtalPi Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which is in line with the
     2024 annual report of the Company.

     Source of Information and Guarantee for Reliability
     Save as otherwise indicated, data contained herein are derived from the internal information, investigation and interview
     records and relevant documents of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company undertakes that the Report
     does not contain any false information or misleading statement, and is responsible for its truthfulness, accuracy and
     completeness.

     Confirmation and Approval
     The Report has been approved by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2025 upon confirmation by the management.

     Availability
     The Report is incorporated in the 2024 annual report of the Company. Out of concern for environmental protection, we
     recommend you to read the electronic version is available on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and
     the official website of the Company (https://ir.xtalpi.com/en/).




66   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
Environmental, Social and Governance
                           Environmental,
                                     Report
                                          Social and Governance Report




                       Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
                                               Dr. Ma Jian




A LETTER FROM CEO
The year 2024 marks a milestone in the development of XtalPi. As the first company listed as a “Specialist Technology
Company” under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules, we are officially traded on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, ushering in a new chapter of our growth. As a quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven,
innovative technology company, we always adhere to the philosophy that “benefiting others ultimately benefits ourselves”.
By empowering the R&D and innovation endeavors of global clients, we have established long-term and stable partnerships
with leading biotechnology, pharmaceutical and new materials companies worldwide, delivering satisfactory results to all our
shareholders and investors.
In technological innovation, we remain at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies to drive iterative
technological breakthroughs and industrial innovations and pioneer disruptive transformation from the ground
up. In our close collaboration with Pfizer, we have successfully identified the optimal crystalline form of PAXLOVID in just
six weeks and facilitated its approval as the world’s first U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) authorized oral COVID-19
medication which ultimately saved hundreds of millions of COVID-19 patients. Based on several R&D centers in Shenzhen,
Shanghai, Beijing and Boston, we focus on the intersection of life sciences and artificial intelligence. In order to address
industry pain points and unmet clinical needs, we accelerate the R&D process through AI-empowered drug development
and have successfully enabled both established pharmaceutical giants and innovative biotech companies at home and
abroad to achieve pipeline breakthroughs, offering new treatment options to patients worldwide.
As a dedicated advocate of green technological innovation, we are always committed to promoting green
production practices. Through our independently developed automated laboratory platforms, we have developed
high-precision big data analysis and AI models for more intelligent and automated R&D paradigms. This approach not
only accelerates the rapid development of green energy and new materials, but also optimizes resource utilization, energy
conservation and emissions reduction. We also cooperate with leading agricultural technology companies and provide
technical support for pesticide companies to develop next-generation eco-friendly agrochemical products, so as to reduce
pesticide usage, mitigate its adverse environmental impact and enable green agricultural development. In the course of our
ordinary operations, we have formulated scientific and traceable quantitative environmental goals and regularly reviewed
our progress in achieving these goals to enhance our green operational performance. Through DIY activities such as old
material renovation and eco-friendly recycling initiatives, we also encourage all employees to embrace green concepts and
contribute to ecological civilization.
We firmly believe in the power of “AI for good” and are committed to achieving the dual improvement in both
social value and commercial success. We provided essential medicines and supplies to Gansu Province in times of
emergency, and donated computers to the Guangdong Provincial Education Foundation to support the development of
education and enhance information-based learning infrastructure. In addition, we have also actively participated in public
activities such as “Future Scientists” summer science camps and AI-empowered innovation workshops. Leveraging our
laboratory resources and professional advantages of our scientist mentorship team, we are dedicated to popularizing
scientific knowledge among primary and secondary students and fostering their creative thinking, thus making meaningful
contributions to the cultivation of scientific and technological innovation talents in China.
This is our first Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report. In the Report, we reviewed our efforts in
corporate governance, environmental protection and social responsibility throughout 2024, with a view to enhancing our
communication with our clients, investors and various stakeholders as well as demonstrating our determination and actions
to practice sustainable development. In recognition of our outstanding ESG performance in 2024, we were honored to
receive a commendation for the Hong Kong Corporate Governance & ESG Excellence Award Committee, a testament to our
highly recognized sustainability capabilities.
Looking ahead, we will continue to forge ahead with industry partners in technological innovation and
exploration. By harnessing the power of new quality productive forces, we are dedicated to driving high-quality
development of the industry and society and shaping a world of smarter science, better lives.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   67
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     RESPONDING TO THE SDGS
     The Group actively responds to the Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) of the United Nations, contributing from the
     perspectives of its business operations and social impact. We integrate the creation of corporate value with the creation of
     social value, thereby promoting comprehensive and sustainable social development.


          Sustainable Development
             Goals (UN SDGs) of                                  XtalPi’s Initiatives in Response to the SDGs in 2024
             the United Nations

                                                    •   We continue to advance the application and innovation of artificial intelligence
                                                        (AI) and automation technologies in the healthcare field, comprehensively
                                                        accelerating the drug development process for our clients in the pharmaceutical
                                                        industry
                                                    •   We worked with Pfizer to successfully identify the optimal crystalline form of
                                                        PAXLOVID in just six weeks and facilitated its approval as the first FDA-
                                                        authorized oral COVID-19 medication which ultimately saved hundreds of
                                                        millions of COVID-19 patients
                                                    •   We care for our employees’ well-being by providing safety training and
                                                        conducting regular occupational health and safety audits to identify potential
                                                        risks

                                                    •   We provide a wide range of training resources for our employees tailored to the
                                                        needs of different positions
                                                    •   We offer internship opportunities to university students
                                                    •   We conduct educational outreach and provide science education activities for
                                                        young people

                                                    •   We uphold gender equality and equal pay for equal work among all employees
                                                    •   We support the development of female employees by creating a programme
                                                        “Her Power”, focusing on their career growth
                                                    •   We have established a maternity room and provide welfare leave and care for
                                                        pregnant female employees


                                                    •   We implement water-saving measures to reduce water consumption in both
                                                        research and daily operations
                                                    •   We post water-saving signage and conduct water-saving campaigns to enhance
                                                        employees’ awareness of water-saving practices




                                                    •   Leveraging our automated laboratory platform, we accelerate the development
                                                        process of new energy materials




                                                    •   We respect human rights and prohibit any form of child labor or forced labor
                                                    •   We offer employees a diverse range of compensation and benefit packages, and
                                                        talent development programs
                                                    •   We provide a variety of employee activities to enhance employee well-being




68   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Sustainable Development
   Goals (UN SDGs) of                  XtalPi’s Initiatives in Response to the SDGs in 2024
   the United Nations


                          •   We are committed to independent innovation, driving the development and
                              application of AI and automation technologies across various industries. By
                              enhancing automation and intelligence, we improve resource efficiency and
                              empower the sustainable transformation of traditional industries


                          •   We implement the "Minor Protection Action" to assist exceptional children in
                              integrating into society
                          •   We strictly prohibit any form of workplace discrimination or harassment
                          •   We protect the rights and interests of female employees, providing benefits and
                              care for those who are pregnant or nursing

                          •   We have obtained ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification
                          •   We enhance the application of automated laboratories to reduce resource
                              consumption and pollutant emissions
                          •   We strictly manage the entire lifecycle of hazardous waste, including its
                              generation, storage, transportation, and disposal, and entrust qualified third-
                              party agencies for hazardous waste treatment
                          •   We have added a wastewater treatment station and optimized the waste gas
                              disposal system to ensure compliant emissions of waste gas and wastewater

                          •   We actively address climate change by identifying and responding to climate-
                              related risks
                          •   We promote green office practices to reduce carbon emissions from daily
                              operations
                          •   We evaluate suppliers’ performance in energy conservation and consumption
                              reduction, implementing green procurement practices

                          •   All newcomers are required to sign the Letter of Commitment of Anti-corruption
                              and Self-discipline and receive Anti-corruption and anti-bribery training upon
                              onboarding
                          •   All key suppliers are required to sign the Supplier Code of Conduct for Anti-
                              corruption Cooperation and all employees in the procurement department are
                              required to sign the Letter of Commitment of Anti-corruption and Self-discipline




                                                                               Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   69
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     1.       ABOUT XTALPI
     1.1      About Us
     XtalPi Holdings Limited was established in 2015 by three physicists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and it is
     a quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative R&D platform. We adopt a combination of quantum
     physics-based first-principles calculation, AI, high performance cloud computing, and scalable and standardized robotic
     automation to provide drug and material science R&D solutions and services to global and domestic companies in the
     pharmaceutical and material science (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and cosmetics) industries and beyond.

     We have built R&D laboratories and operational sites in Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai, and Boston to strengthen our resource
     integration capability through globalization, and to provide services to global customers while continuing to promote cross-
     border collaboration in green technology innovation and sustainable development practices.

     XtalPi’s Keywords in 2024:


             First Listed Company
                                                                           New Quality
              Under Chapter 18C                                                                                                          AI for Science
                                                                         Productive Forces
              of the Listing Rules

           XtalPi was officially listed on the Main Board of the   January: We launched a new business brand “Ailux          We participated in premier global events such as
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange as the first listed            Biologics”                                                WAIC, CPHI and IDEA to demonstrate our AI+
           company under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules                                                                    achievements to the world
                                                                   May: We introduced Xtalgazer®, a next-generation
                                                                   drug crystallization R&D platform that integrates         The AI robot experimental workstation cluster has
                                                                   cutting-edge AI algorithms and laboratory automation      been recognized as a global collaboration model case
                                                                   technology                                                in the pharmaceutical industry. The independently
                                                                                                                             designed and developed chemical synthesis detection
                                                                   July: We worked with the International Digital            and analysis integrated machine has been selected for
                                                                   Economy Academy to successfully develop and               the innovation achievements exhibition of the
                                                                   launch PatSight, a patent data mining platform            development of industry

                                                                   October: We successfully delivered a catalyst             In collaboration with the MIT, we will jointly drive AI for
                                                                   synthesis workstation to Sinopec Shanghai Research        Science through an AI+ Robot to establish a new
                                                                   Institute of Petrochemical Technology                     paradigm in chemical and material science research
                                                                                                                             and to co-build the MIT AI Future Laboratory
                                                                   December: We helped the Hengqin Laboratory build
                                                                   the world’s first fully automated “Digital, Online,       We championed independent innovation leveraging
                                                                   Intelligent and Green Platform” for traditional Chinese   our cutting-edge technologies such as AI, quantum
                                                                   medicine (TCM), showcasing the in-depth integration       physics and robotic experiments, and won the first
                                                                   with TCM R&D scenarios                                    place in the Crystal Structure Prediction (CSP) Blind
                                                                                                                             Test




70   XtalPi Holdings Limited       Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


   AI + Infinite Possibilities                                       Future Industries                                              AI for Good



   AI+ Drug R&D, AI+ Environmental Protection, AI+            We have developed a crystallization strategy             We provided essential medicines and supplies to
   Health Management..., by harnessing the power of AI,       recommendation model for accurate prediction of          Gansu Province in times of emergency
   we are integrating it with both traditional and emerging   crystallization conditions for small organic molecules
   industries to foster a new developmental ecosystem                                                                  We donated educational and research peripherals to
   and expand the AI innovation ecosystem landscape           We published co-authored papers with Pfizer and          support children in special education programs
                                                              Novartis to demonstrate real examples of efficient
                                                              polymorph prediction and crystallization optimization    We donated computers to the Guangdong Provincial
                                                              through machine learning                                 Education Foundation to provide better conditions for
                                                                                                                       schools to carry out information-based teaching
                                                              We authorized our macromolecular drug discovery AI
                                                              platform to Janssen Biotech to provide rapid and         Since August, we have successively conducted
                                                              accurate structural information for macromolecular       “Future    Scientist” science  and    technology
                                                              drug development                                         popularization and research learning activities in
                                                                                                                       Shenzhen and Shanghai
                                                              We became the Co-Chair of the Zhangjiang AI New
                                                              Drug R&D Alliance, the first AI-driven new drug          At the end of the year, we were honored with the “A
                                                              alliance in China                                        Commendation for Environmental, Social, and
                                                                                                                       Governance      Excellence    Award     Committee
                                                              We have successfully delivered XmartChem ®, an           Commendation”
                                                              intelligent catalyst synthesis workstation (Glovebox
                                                              Station)

                                                              We have successfully delivered a catalyst analysis and
                                                              pre-treatment workstation

                                                              We maintained our partnership with world-renowned
                                                              partners




Corporate IP:
XtalPi has created its proprietary corporate cultural IP “Genius”. Derived
from the prototype of a whale, Genius symbolizes medical miracles,
super brains and supercomputing power in evolutionary biology,
which is consistent with our philosophy of intelligent and automated
R&D innovation. The character design of Genius combines elements
from employee submissions, and the heart on its head is also an
interpretation of “Let AI flow into every new drug”.

Our corporate IP is a carrier to communicate company culture and
foster emotional engagement among employees. By designing a
series of Genius-themed emojis and cultural peripherals, we transform
intangible corporate values into vivid and tangible experiences, enabling
our employees to immerse themselves in our corporate culture and spirit
and also create resonance and lasting memories.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      XtalPi Holdings Limited   71
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     1.2       Core Corporate Values




                                                   • The white arrow represents the direction of the market.                              • The white dot represents clients.
                                                   • Regardless of our starting point, we must align with market principles,              • XtalPi is driven by client and market needs. Focusing on client
                                                     embrace change, and adapt dynamically.                                                 requirements, it provides solutions to their business challenges and
                                                                                                                                            serves as a long-term partner.




           • The white star in the center represents XtalPi's high aspirations and             • The upward white arrow in the center represents ambition and growth.               • The white light bulb in the center represents innovation and breakthroughs.
             standards.                                                                        • Lines of different colors and directions represent diverse teams and               • Innovation is not an instantaneous feat, and it requires continuous learning
           • Excellence shines from within. The radiant core of the emblem, surrounded           individuals. Interwoven into an “X”, they reflect all XtalPi colleagues’             from mistakes and verification. The labyrinthine design of the lines
             by arrows converging toward it, reflects our collective pursuit of higher           mutual support and collective advancement                                            represents XtalPi's process of pursuing truth-driven innovation.
             standards. Meanwhile, the light spreads outward, representing our
             continuous expansion of boundaries and relentless learning.




72   XtalPi Holdings Limited              Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

1.3   Awards & Honors

             Category                                                 Award Information

                                                               National high-tech enterprise
                                                             the Super AI Leader (SAIL) Award
                                                         Shenzhen Academician Expert Workstation
      Innovation and R&D
                                                           Postdoctoral Innovation Practice Base
                                                 Shenzhen Engineering Research Center for AI Drug Discovery
                                                    Second Prize in the GBA Data Application Innovation

                                           “50 Smartest Companies of the Year” granted by MIT Technology Review
                                                             Hurun China Top 50 AI Companies
                                                                Hurun China Under 40s 2024
         Brand Influence
                                                          FinanceAsia's 2024 Achievement Awards
                                                            BioCentury — BayHelix Annual Award
                                                             PharmaDJ 2024 Annual IPO Award

                                                     Fortune China’s “Most Socially Impactful Start-ups”
      Social Responsibility                      A Commendation for the Hong Kong Corporate Governance &
                                                             ESG Excellence Award Committee 2024


2.    ESG GOVERNANCE
While we are deeply committed to advancing AI-driven empowerment and automation innovation to create economic value
for society, we actively fulfill our social responsibilities by attentively listening to and addressing the expectations of our
stakeholders. We integrate sustainable development principles into our corporate management and operations, striving to
create long-term value for shareholders, employees, clients, partners and society, thereby driving mutual progress for both
the company and society.

2.1   Structure of ESG Governance
ESG concepts
As a global corporation, we adhere to the philosophy of “remember compassion, aspire to lofty goals”. We not only continue
to explore and deliver technological solutions to humanity's shared challenges but also actively practice corporate social
responsibility, leveraging the resource advantages and innovative capabilities of a technology-driven enterprise. Grounded
in innovative technologies such as quantum physics, AI, and robotics, we strive to scale new heights in technology while
fulfilling our social responsibilities as a global corporate. We are committed to contributing the strength of a technology
enterprise to build a greener, healthier, and more sustainable future.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   73
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     Structure of ESG governance
     To better implement our sustainability philosophy, the Company has established a structure of ESG governance led by the
     Board of Directors, with clearly defined roles and responsibilities at each level. We have developed and implemented the
     Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Working Group Charter, ensuring collaboration across all levels to efficiently
     execute ESG initiatives. The ESG working group regularly reports progress on ESG efforts to the Board of Directors,
     providing a solid foundation for management’s sustainability decision-making.

     We conduct regular ESG-related training for employees at all levels and members of the Board of Directors to enhance
     their overall awareness of ESG initiatives. This ensures the scientific and systematic integration of ESG principles into
     all aspects of our business operations, continuously creating value for all stakeholders. During the Reporting Period, we
     provided specialized ESG training for all members of the Board of Directors and the management, strengthening the Board
     of Directors’ decision-making capabilities regarding the Company’s ESG matters.


                                         Board of Directors

                                         • The Board of Directors, as the highest authority responsible for the management and public
                                          disclosure of the Company’s ESG matters, assumes ultimate responsibility and primarily
                                          exercises the following functions:
                                           Reviewing the materiality of risks and issues related to the Company’s ESG matters;
                                           Reviewing and approving the Company’s sustainability strategy and goals;
                                           Overseeing and reviewing the Company’s policies, management, performance, and progress
                                              towards related goals in ESG matters; and
                                           Reviewing and approving the public disclosure of the Company’s performance on ESG-related
                                              matters.


                                         ESG Working Group

                                         • The ESG working group, composed of the Company's senior management and heads of
                                          various business and functional departments, serves as the primary supervisory and
                                          coordinating body. It exercises the following functions and provides support to the Board:
                                           Allocating resources for the implementation of the Company's ESG strategy and the achievement of
                                            ESG goals;
                                           Formulating ESG policies and action plans that align with the Company's sustainability strategy and
                                            objectives;
                                           Managing ESG-related risks in the Company's day-to-day operations;
                                           Communicating with relevant departments and subsidiaries within the Company to coordinate and
                                              advance the implementation of ESG initiatives; and
                                           Reviewing the public disclosure of the Company's performance on ESG-related matters.

                                         Related Businesses and Functional Departments

                                         • As the primary execution level, relevant personnel in each department primarily exercise the
                                           following functions and provide support to the ESG working group:
                                           Implementing the Company's ESG strategy and executing the ESG action plan;
                                           Addressing ESG-related risks in the department's day-to-day operations; and
                                           Handling other ESG-related matters.




74   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Statement of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors, as the core governance body of the Company, assumes full responsibility for overseeing, guiding,
and reviewing the Company's ESG-related initiatives. The Board of Directors is tasked with monitoring the implementation
of the Company's overall ESG strategy and the effectiveness of ESG risk management, ensuring steady progress on
the path to sustainable development. To efficiently advance ESG efforts, the Board of Directors has authorized the ESG
working group to formulate ESG strategies, goals, and policies, and to oversee the progress of ESG-related matters. In the
Company's daily operations, the Board of Directors regularly reviews the progress of various ESG objectives.

To effectively implement ESG agendas, the Company has established an ESG working group, composed of the Company's
senior management and heads of various business and functional departments. The group is responsible for coordinating
ESG communication efforts, driving the execution of the Company's ESG strategies and policies, and integrating ESG
management principles into all aspects of daily operations, ensuring that sustainability goals are closely aligned with
business development.

To effectively prevent and control internal and external risks, the Board of Directors oversees critical ESG issues, identifying
potential risks and opportunities. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and approving risks to be disclosed,
proactively developing response measures to better manage ESG risks and mitigate their potential negative impact on the
Company's operations.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   75
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     2.2    Materiality Issue Analysis
     To thoroughly identify ESG issues that have a significant impact on the Company, we employed methods such as external
     benchmarking, internal interviews, and questionnaire surveys. Through this process, we ultimately identified and assessed
     21 material issues. The identification and evaluation of these issues adhered to the requirements of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange's ESG Code. By integrating the survey results, we prioritized the importance of each issue and ultimately mapped
     out XtalPi's materiality matrix.

                                                                                     Matrix of Material Issues of XtalPi




                                                                                                                                    Product Research and Innovation


                                                                                    Employee Rights Protection
                                                                                                                                    Client Service           Information Security and
                                                                                                                                                             Privacy Protection




                      Importance to Stakeholders
                                                                                                 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion             Business Ethics and
                                                                                                                                              Anti-corruption
                                                                                                                                                                    Intellectual
                                                                                                                    Industry Collaboration                          Property Protection
                                                                           Talent Recruitment and Retention         and Development            Product Quality
                                                                                                                                               and Safety


                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                                        Employee Training and Development
                                                                                                                                    ESG Governance

                                                                                              Emissions Management
                                                                                                                                                       Occupational Health and Safety
                                                                                                                       Environmental Management
                                                                             Sustainable Supply Chain
                                                                                                              Responsible Marketing
                                                   Water and Energy Management




                                                                                                 Social Welfare

                                                        Climate Change Mitigation




                                                                                                  Importance to XtalPi
                                                                                    Governance          Society         Environment            Product


     Among the 21 material issues identified, 7 issues have been assessed as highly material. These issues are considered
     to have significant impacts for the Company and its stakeholders. Therefore, in this Report, we will focus on disclosing
     information related to these 7 highly material issues to address the concerns of all stakeholders.




76   XtalPi Holdings Limited                       Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

                                               Index of Material Issues

 Issues of high importance                      Catalog Index

 Product development and innovation             4.1   Innovation-driven
 Client service                                 4.3   Client Service
 Information security and privacy protection    4.3   Client Service — Information Security and Privacy Protection
 Diversity, equality and inclusion              6.1   Compliant Employment — Employee Employment
 Business ethics and anti-corruption            3.2   Business Ethics and Anti-corruption
 Intellectual property protection               4.1   Innovation-driven — Intellectual Property Protection
 Product quality and safety                     4.2   Quality Assurance

2.3   Stakeholder Communication
We place great emphasis on communication with our stakeholders and are committed to establishing open and diverse
channels of communication. We regularly and proactively engage in dialogue with them to ensure that corporate information
is fully conveyed and to gain a deep understanding of their requirements and expectations. This two-way communication
mechanism not only enhances transparency but also helps us better address stakeholder concerns and advance the
achievement of our sustainable development goals.

 Stakeholders               Key Concerns                                   Communication Channels

                                                                           Client service hotline
                            Client service
                                                                           Online client service platform
 Clients                    Product quality and safety
                                                                           Regular client satisfaction surveys
                            Product R&D and innovation
                                                                           Product feedback channels

                            ESG governance                                 Regular investor meetings
                            Business ethics and anti-corruption            Annual reports
 Investors/Shareholders
                            Corporate governance                           Investor relations website
                            Product R&D and innovation                     Shareholders' general meetings

                            Environmental management
                                                                           Regular policy communication meeting
                            Emissions management
 Government &                                                              Compliance report submissions
                            Water and energy management
 Regulatory Authorities                                                    Government website announcements
                            Business ethics and anti-corruption
                                                                           Direct communication with regulatory authorities
                            ESG governance

                                                                           Supplier conferences
                            Sustainable supply chain
                                                                           Regular supplier assessments and feedback
 Suppliers                  Product quality and safety
                                                                           Supply chain management system
                            Responsible marketing
                                                                           Contract terms and agreements

                            Employee training and development
                                                                           Internal communication channels
                            Employee rights protection
 Employees                                                                 Employee satisfaction surveys
                            Occupational health and safety
                                                                           Employee training and development programs
                            Diversity, equity and inclusion




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   77
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

         Stakeholders                       Key Concerns                            Communication Channels

                                                                                    Press conferences
                                            Social welfare
                                                                                    Media briefings
         Media                              Environmental management
                                                                                    Company website news section
                                            Business ethics and anti-corruption
                                                                                    Social media platforms

                                            Social welfare
                                                                                    Community roundtable discussions
                                            Environmental management
         Local Community                                                            Community engagement activities
                                            Emissions management
                                                                                    Community feedback channels
                                            Water and energy management


     3.     OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY
     We consistently uphold the principles of compliant operations and steady development, viewing risk management as a
     critical cornerstone of sustainable growth. We are committed to identifying, assessing, and addressing operational risks
     through systematic risk management approaches, ensuring the stability of our business development. We continuously
     foster a culture of business ethics within the Company, encouraging employees to lead by example and drive growth
     ethically and responsibly.

     3.1    Risk Management
     To enhance risk prevention and response capabilities, we have developed the Measures for Risk Management, which
     comprehensively standardize each step of the risk management process, clarify operational procedures, and ensure the
     effective implementation of risk control measures.

     We have established a three-tier risk management framework to ensure efficient top-down execution of risk management
     practices.

     •      Board of Directors: As the highest level of risk management, responsible for setting overall risk control strategies and
            objectives.

     •      Audit Committee: Serving as the critical intermediate level, overseeing the implementation of risk management
            measures, ensuring their effective execution.

     •      Departments: As the execution level, carrying out risk control measures, ensuring that risk management is integrated
            into daily operations.

     Each level collaborates closely and communicates actively, forming an efficient risk management loop. This enables effective
     risk management practices, ensuring the sustainable development of the enterprise.




78   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report

                                                  Risk Management Process


                                    • Based on peer benchmarking, expert opinions, senior management's industry experience, and
                  Identification      feedback from frontline business units, we have identified a list of potential risks that the
                                      Company may face in its operations.


                                    • We distributed risk assessment questionnaires to internal management, heads of first-tier
                                      departments, and other senior managements or business experts. These questionnaires
                  Assessment
                                      evaluated the identified risks based on their likelihood of occurrence and potential impact,
                                      ultimately generating a risk list and a risk heat map.



                                    • We sorted out and developed risk response measures to ensure that the corresponding
                  Response            responsible departments address and execute them.




                  Reporting         • We regularly report to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on the changes in risks
                  Procedures          and the status of response measures, ensuring continuous risk monitoring.




During the Reporting Period, we engaged third-party professional firms to assist in enhancing our Company's risk
management system. This included refining the risk list, establishing risk evaluation criteria, and conducting risk assessment
surveys. We have carried out a comprehensive risk identification exercise, categorizing risks into five major types: strategic,
market, operational, financial, and compliance. These risks are further divided into three levels, laying a solid foundation for
annual risk identification efforts. Based on the internally assessed risk scores, we have developed the XtalPi risk map, which
visually presents the priority and distribution of various risks. This tool enables the management team to allocate resources
rationally, focusing on the prevention and mitigation of significant risk points.

During the Reporting Period, we conducted risk management training for senior management and heads of first-tier
departments, achieving a 100% participation rate. Additionally, we provided internal control management training for all
employees, achieving a 94% participation rate among departments. Through these systematic training programs, the
Company has not only enhanced the risk management capabilities of its management team but also strengthened the risk
awareness of all employees, thereby establishing a solid foundation for a comprehensive risk management culture.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   79
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     3.2    Business Ethics and Anti-corruption
     The Company strictly adheres to relevant laws and regulations in all operational regions, including the Anti-Unfair
     Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》) and the Anti-monopoly Law of
     the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反壟斷法》). We have established the Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption
     Management System and the Anti-fraud Management System, which clearly outline the requirements for business ethics
     and anti-corruption practices applicable for all employees.

     We have implemented a business ethics management system led by the Board of Directors, defining management
     responsibilities at each level to ensure the effective operation of the Company’s compliance and business ethics
     management.

                                    Business Ethics and Anti-corruption Management Framework of XtalPi


                                                    •   Responsible for urging management to establish a company-wide anti-bribery and
                                                        anti-corruption cultural environment, and to build a robust internal control system. The Board
                                                        of Directors authorizes the Audit Committee to guide and oversee the Company's
                                                        anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
                   Board of Directors



                                                    •   Responsible for establishing, improving, and effectively implementing internal control
                                                        mechanisms to reduce opportunities for bribery and corruption, and for taking appropriate
                                                        and effective remedial actions against such behaviors. This process is subject to oversight
                                                        by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee.
                      Management


                                                    •   Responsible for receiving reports of related misconduct and organizing case investigations;
                                                    •   Providing recommendations for case resolution and accountability, and reporting to
                                                        management and the Audit Committee;
                                                    •   Organizing employees to sign the Letter of Commitment of Anti-corruption and Self-discipline;
                                                    •   Promoting and educating employees on anti-corruption and anti-bribery legal regulations;
                    Risk Control and
                                                    •   Handling other anti-bribery and anti-corruption related tasks.
                    Audit Department



                                                    •   Assisting in the investigation and evidence collection for bribery and corruption cases;
                                                    •   Responsible for managing the Anti-corruption and self-discipline of departmental employees
                                                        and ensuring the implementation and execution of the Letter of Commitment of
                   Each Business and                    Anti-corruption and Self-discipline.
                 Functional Department



     We conduct business ethics management through initiatives such as risk assessments and promoting a culture of integrity,
     driving the Company's compliance efforts and preventing actions that could harm the Company and its shareholders'
     interests.

     During the Reporting Period, we carried out assessments of business ethics and anti-corruption risks, evaluating
     dimensions such as anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance risks and complaint channel management risks.




80   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

To ensure employees fully understand and adhere to XtalPi's business ethics principles and anti-corruption requirements,
we require all newcomers to sign the Letter of Commitment of Anti-corruption and Self-discipline and undergo
anti-corruption and anti-bribery training upon joining. This ensures that a sense of anti-corruption is instilled from the
beginning of their employment. Additionally, we conduct regular company-wide business ethics training and provide
specialized training for employees in high-risk roles. During the Reporting Period, we conducted specialized anti-corruption
training for all employees in the procurement department, enhancing their awareness of risk prevention and integrity.

The Company fosters a corporate culture rooted in integrity and honesty. We have established a whistleblowing and
investigation mechanism and provided transparent channels for reporting violations, through which all employees and
business partners can report acts of corruption, bribery, or any other violations of XtalPi’s business ethics through either
named or anonymous means.

                                      Reporting and Complaint Channels of XtalPi




                 Reporting Email                    Reporting Hotline                    Mailing Address
                                                                                          XtalPi Audit and Supervision Group,
                                                                                               3/F, Second Phase of the
                  ethics@xtalpi.com                    0755-81901766                             International Biomedical
                                                                                          Industrial Park, No. 2 Hongliu Road,
                                                                                         Fubao Community, Fubao Sub-district,
                                                                                                Futian District, Shenzhen




We strictly maintain the confidentiality of all whistleblower information and adopt a "zero-tolerance" stance toward any
interference or retaliation. All cases are investigated after anonymizing sensitive information. For verified violations, the
Company will impose disciplinary actions on the involved employees in accordance with the Employee Disciplinary Action
Management System. For severe cases, the matter will be referred to judicial authorities for legal handling.

We place great emphasis on the prevention and improvement of misconduct. After an incident occurs, we take timely
remedial measures and convene heads of relevant department to review the case, promptly optimizing the policies and
workflows of the Company to actively prevent similar incidents from recurring. We also expect business partners to strictly
adhere to business ethics requirements. For suppliers, contractors, and distributors that violate these standards, the
Company will enforce penalties in line with the Supplier Code of Conduct for Anti-corruption Cooperation, ensuring the
integrity and transparency of all partnerships.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024                 XtalPi Holdings Limited   81
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     4.     SUPPORTING OUR CLIENTS
     We have always adhered to the principle of "Market-oriented and Client-centric”. By leveraging AI and robotics as our core
     drivers, we deeply empower industrial innovation, actively promote the integration of interdisciplinary technologies and
     business model transformation, and provide high-quality and reliable solutions to clients across various industries.

     4.1    Innovation-Driven
     Since our inception, we have embedded innovation into our philosophy and actions. We continuously enhance our R&D
     capabilities to provide clients with safe, efficient, and reliable products and solutions, accelerating our partners' journey
     toward a more precise and intelligent future. By collaborating with industry peers, we expand the frontiers of innovation,
     bringing cutting-edge technological achievements and insights to the industry, and driving the development and application
     of AI and automation technologies in the new era.

     4.1.1 Innovative R&D
     We have a number of core technology patents and an excellent research and development team. In 2024, our R&D
     expenses amounted to RMB418.2 million. Leveraging our strong talent team and scientific research capabilities, we
     provide clients with quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative solutions. By building a leading
     innovative technology platform utilizing first-principles calculation, AI, high performance cloud computing, and scalable and
     standardized robotic automation, our Company offers R&D solutions, services and products for the global pharmaceutical,
     biotechnology, renewable energy and advanced materials industries, aiming to enhance R&D efficiency, reduce R&D
     costs and empower our clients to stand out in the fierce market competition. We have met the Stock Exchange’s revenue
     threshold requirement (HK$250 million) for commercialized companies ahead of schedule. This is because we firmly believe
     that the true value of R&D investment can only be realized through commercial success, which not only drives technological
     advancements in the industry but also fosters new sustainable development momentum for the society.

     Building Innovation Ecosystem
     Leveraging our profound expertise in quantum physics, artificial intelligence, and robotics, XtalPi integrates both capital
     and technological empowerment and has established close collaborations with leading companies and renowned academic
     institutions across various sectors. We are working with them to build a dynamic ecosystem featuring collaborative
     innovation and continuously driving innovation and breakthroughs in the forefronts of AI+. As of the end of the Reporting
     Period, XtalPi has incubated several start-ups.




82   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

R&D capability development
We place great emphasis on cultivating and enhancing R&D innovation capabilities. Through systematic training, knowledge
sharing, and industry exchanges, we continuously drive the advancement of our team's professional expertise and technical
proficiency. Our specific practices in R&D capability development include the following during the Reporting Period:

•    Systematic training
The Company regularly organizes R&D-related training, academic conferences, and internal and external seminars to
improve the team's innovation capabilities. Key initiatives include:

We successfully hosted 14 sessions of the "X-MAB Lecture", covering topics such as advancements in antibody
drug technologies, intellectual property protection strategies. These trainings have significantly enhanced the team's
professional expertise and business capabilities, laying a solid foundation for the Company's technological innovation in the
biopharmaceutical field.

We held the Genius Lecture every month with a focus on cutting-edge and trending technological domains. These lectures
also incorporate internal experience sharing and technical discussions within the department, offering our employees
opportunities for continuous learning and growth.

We organized 6 R&D innovation sharing sessions, focusing on cutting-edge technologies in AI and biopharmaceutical
technologies to promote the integration of knowledge across different fields. We have also shared over 100 live-streaming
sessions from external industry and academic conferences, encouraging our employees to stay abreast of industry trends,
learn from the latest technologies, and grasp market insights, ensuring that our team remains at the forefront of industry
development.

•    Regular Communication
We regularly organize sharing sessions on various topics, covering cutting-edge technology developments in automation
and robotics, hands-on experience exchanges and improvement of tool efficiency, to facilitate technical exchanges and
experience inheritance and jointly explore innovative pathways to enhance R&D efficiency.

In the drug discovery business segment, the Company organizes special seminars on a regular basis, where we pool
together R&D leaders and executives to explore how the team’s R&D orientation coincides with the industry frontiers. In
addition to fostering internal knowledge sharing, this system also serves as a robust backup for the Company’s strategic
decision-making.

The “Future Chemistry” R&D team has established a weekly R&D meeting system, which promotes in-depth exchanges of
R&D progress and ideas among the team, the system of which effectively enhances team collaborative efficiency and drives
the successful implementation of R&D projects.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   83
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     Innovative R&D achievements
     Innovation is the core momentum for the Company’s sustainable development. By adhering to self-reliant innovation and
     promoting an in-depth integration between technology and business and coupling this with the eyes on cutting-edge
     technology and industry needs, we have achieved numerous significant research results across various business segments.
     Not only does this enhance the Company’s core strength, it also introduces smarter and more efficient “new quality
     productivity” to different industries. Below are some cases of our innovative R&D achievements.


      Small Molecule Drug Discovery Segment — XMolGen™&XFEP ® AI Small Molecule Drug Discovery Smart
      Computation Platform

      The self-reliant XMolGenTM AI molecular generation platform developed by XtalPi, by anchoring on drug molecule design,
      overcoming the drawbacks of traditional molecular design such as low efficiency, limited diversity, and strong
      dependence on chemical knowledge, provides clients with a new approach to molecular design that is efficient, low-
      cost, and offers a broad chemical space. Its rich built-in AI molecular generation models address the pain points in
      traditional drug affinity evaluation, including insufficient accuracy, high cost, high technical barriers, and low efficiency.
      By equipping the platform with parallel computing and cloud computing dispatch systems, such platform is able to
      significantly improve computational efficiency and provide a solid guarantee for calculation accuracy.




             Availability for                                Extensive Validation of
       Multi-Scenario Applications                           In-house Live Projects                               Matured AI Models

        XMolGen supports ligand-based                     The XtalPi team, in its in-house live                 XMolGen integrates various
        R-unit substitution and molecular                 drug R&D projects, explores a vast                    algorithms, such as inverse
        generation methods based on                       chemical spectrum based on the                        synthesis, fragment splicing,
        receptor binding pocket.                          XMolGen platform, with a high                         isostere replacement, and AI
                                                          degree of novel/reasonable molecular                  family algorithms.
                                                          structure and synthesizability.




                                        Expended Medicinal
                                                                                      User-Friendly Interface
                                      Chemistry Expert Thinking
                                     XMolGen empowers medicinal                      The     XMolGen’s      interface
                                     chemists to explore unknown                     layout is concise and clear,
                                     chemical spectrum and supports                  with an straightforward and
                                     the de novo generated brand-new                 easy-to-understand operation
                                     molecules (De NoVo).                            process, greatly reducing the
                                                                                     user’s learning curve.




84   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Macromolecular Drug Discovery Segment — XtalFold ® Antibody-Antigen Complex Structure Prediction
Platform

In 2024, XtalPi launched the XtalFold® antibody-antigen complex structure prediction platform, an innovative deep
learning and machine learning algorithms. Compared to traditional technologies, it is able to predict the antibody-antigen
complex structure with high success rates and high accuracy. Since its launch, XtalFold® has been licensed to several
global pharmaceutical enterprises and has played a key role in various R&D projects, including antigen design, epitope
identification, affinity maturation, pH sensitivity modification, and bispecific antibody design.

                         XtalFold® Predicts the Antibody-Antigen Complex Structure and
                                         Identifies Key Interaction Sites




Automated Chemical Synthesis Services Segment — “Future Chemistry” R&D Project

In 2024, XtalPi’s “Future Chemistry” R&D project made significant progress in the field of chemical big data. We utilized
an automated platform to accumulate over 200,000 high-quality reaction process data per month, covering 7 reaction
types commonly used in pharmaceutical chemistry and more than 40 reaction conditions, with comprehensive and
structured data that far surpasses the quality of open-source data. Based on this data, we trained AI chemical reaction
models, achieving higher accuracy and confidence.

Meanwhile, we have developed various in-house AI prediction models, including reactivity/experimental condition
prediction models, UV spectrum prediction methods, and LCMS-based spectrum yield prediction models and others,
with accuracy exceeding 80%, even surpassing the identification capabilities of synthetic personnel in some aspects.
Leveraging the “Future Chemistry” R&D project, XtalPi is committed to transforming the traditional methods of chemical
R&D and creating a new paradigm for the industry.


                        A Rapid and efficient collection of experimental result data facilitates
                        the construction and continuous optimization of AI models

                              Work stations    Reaction yield data per month   Process data per month




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   85
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Solid State R&D Segment — Xtalgazer®, a New Generation Drug Crystallization R&D Platform

      In 2024, XtalPi launched a new generation of drug crystallization R&D platform, Xtalgazer®, which utilizes XtalPi’s self-
      developed crystal structure prediction technology, crystallization strategy recommendation technology and automated
      experimental technology, and can accurately predict the physicochemical properties, crystal structure, and stability
      relationship of compound molecules based on hundreds of thousands of crystallization data accumulated by physical
      models combined with AI algorithms. With the rich experience of industry experts, it provides high-quality solid state
      R&D services through the “experiment + calculation” R&D model. Our aim is to break through the limitations of long-term
      reliance on manual trial-and-error in the field of solid-state R&D, transforming the “empirical design” in the traditional
      R&D model into a more scientific and accurate “rational design”, improving the efficiency and quality of solid-state
      research, and promoting the entire industry to a new level.




      Intelligent Robotics Solutions Segment — AI+Robotics Laboratory Intelligent Automation Solutions

      XtalPi’s automated and intelligent laboratory adopts the human-machine combination model to remotely control the
      automated workstations and AGV trolleys through the intelligent scheduling system, realizing a high degree of
      automation and intelligence in the experimental process, and enhancing the efficiency of experiments and material
      transportation.

      Up to now, XtalPi’s intelligent laboratory automation solutions have been widely applied to clients in petrochemical, new
      energy, new materials, biomedical and other industries. Through one-stop construction services for smart laboratories,
      robot workstations and other automation products and services, XtalPi has built smart laboratories for its clients in the
      fields of drug R&D, catalyst research, inorganic material research, and electrolyte formulation research, etc., promoting
      the application and paradigm upgrading of AI in the intelligent R&D of the petrochemical, new energy and new materials
      fields, and injecting inexhaustible power for the development of the industry.




86   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report


 Intelligent Robotics Solutions Segment — XtalPi Builds An Intelligent and Automated Integrated Innovation
 Platform for the New Traditional Chinese Medicines

 XtalPi has built an intelligent and automated integrated innovation platform for the new traditional Chinese medicines,
 which is China’s first fully automated platform for isolating and analyzing active ingredients in traditional Chinese
 medicines. By deeply integrating traditional Chinese medicines with next-generation AI, automation, and robotics
 technologies, the platform provides a one-stop solution for the entire experimental process, including traditional Chinese
 medicines ingredient extraction, structural characterization, and bioactivity measurement. Through digital management
 and AI algorithms, it establishes a panoramic dataset of traditional Chinese medicines active ingredients, offering an
 intelligent R&D platform for both compound traditional Chinese medicines formulation and novel single-agent drug
 discovery. This injects new productivity into traditional Chinese medicines development and drives high-quality growth in
 the traditional Chinese medicines industry.

          An Intelligent and Automated Integrated Innovation Platform for the New Chinese Medicines




External collaborative innovation
We actively collaborate with external innovation forces and engage in in-depth cooperation with top global teams to
jointly explore and develop cutting-edge technologies. By leveraging the expertise and technological advantages of these
outstanding partners, we are able to fully unleash our Company’s scientific research potential, and achieve complementary
strengths, contributing to the continuous innovation of the biopharmaceutical and new materials industry.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   87
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      XtalPi and Merck Collaborate to Expand New Approaches for Drug Crystal Habit Regulation

      In April 2023, XtalPi and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany collaborated to investigate the effect of polymer additives on
      the crystal habit of metformin hydrochloride, combining Merck’s experimental capabilities with XtalPi’s crystal prediction
      technology to develop a comprehensive crystal habit engineering screening method. Through molecular dynamics
      simulation and the calibration of the adsorption energy model, the crystal habit of metformin hydrochloride in different
      crystallization environments was successfully predicted, which is highly compatible with the experimental results. This
      collaboration combines experiments with calculations, providing new ideas for drug formulation research and API
      production process development, helping to reduce costs and increase efficiency, and accelerating crystallization
      process development. The results have been published in Small Methods, a high-impact journal in the first quartile.


      PatSight Drug Patent Data Mining Platform

      In July 2024, XtalPi, in collaboration with the International Digital Economy Academy, jointly launched the PatSight drug
      patent data mining platform. The platform is dedicated to revolutionizing the way of obtaining patent data in the field of
      drug research and development, enabling data acquisition simply by uploading PDF files. Breaking away from the
      inefficient traditional manual data acquisition method, AI-empowered PatSight can quickly and accurately extract the
      structural and activity parameters from patents. Its parallel working mode allows it to process dozens of patents
      simultaneously, and 90% of patents can be extracted within one hour. With XtalPi’s self-developed large model, the data
      accuracy rate is up to 95% or more.




88   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


XtalPi and Novartis Jointly Explore Innovative Applications of Template Crystallization Method

The solid-state R&D team of XtalPi has carried out in-depth cooperation with the team of scientists from Novartis to
jointly explore the innovative application of template crystallization method to overcome the difficult-to-regulate problems
in the crystallization process of drugs. Through the ingenious combination of computational simulation and machine
learning technologies, both parties have provided a new path for predicting and optimizing the crystallization process.

This method can not only efficiently screen out templates suitable for specific drug molecules, significantly shortening the
drug development cycle and reducing costs, but also deepen the understanding of the polymer template-regulated
crystallization mechanism, achieving more scientific and precise control of the drug crystallization process. The relevant
research results have been published in the journal Molecule Pharmaceutics in August 2024, marking an important
advancement in the field of solid-state drug R&D.

                                           Journal Molecule Pharmaceutics




XtalPi’s AI Prediction Algorithm Accelerates Crystal Form Confirmation of Pfizer’s COVID-19 Drug

In Pfizer’s small molecule drug R&D project, XtalPi was deeply involved and used an AI prediction algorithm combined
with experimental verification to confirm the advantageous crystal form of Nirmatrelvir, the active ingredient in the
COVID-19 drug PAXLOVID in just six weeks, significantly shortening the traditional R&D cycle that would take several
months or more. This efficient model of “intelligent computational prediction + experimental verification” not only
accelerates the drug development process, enabling the drug to enter clinical trials earlier, but also improves the quality
of R&D and increases the success rate. The important results have been published in the journal Molecule
Pharmaceutics in September 2024.

                                           Journal Molecule Pharmaceutics




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   89
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      XtalPi and LynCloud Co-build a New Platform for Neurological Drug R&D

      In December 2024, XtalPi and LynCloud collaborated to co-build a new platform for neurological drug R&D, combining
      AI algorithms with EEG BioMarker recognition models to establish a drug screening platform based on cell platforms and
      digital brain models. This platform aims to address the challenges of difficult drug screening for neurological diseases
      and the low success rate of clinical trials, providing precise patient screening solutions for drug R&D. The in-depth
      cooperation between the two parties will jointly promote innovation and breakthroughs in the field of neurological
      disease drug R&D.


      XtalPi Participates in the Substance Structure Prediction Competition

      In December 2024, the results of the CSP Blind Test (a globally renowned substance structure prediction competition
      founded in 1999 and having been held seven times) held by the Cambridge Crystallographic Data Centre were
      announced. XtalPi stood out from 28 teams worldwide and became one of the two most outstanding teams. In the
      competition, XtalPi accurately predicted the stable crystal structures of seven molecules (including three drug-like
      organic small molecules) released by the organizer and evaluated the relative stability of each structure, demonstrating
      that the existing technology can effectively evaluate the phenomenon of multiple crystal structures and reduce the risk of
      similar events to the ritonavir incident. XtalPi also demonstrated its strong strength in extended CSP (Crystal Structure
      Prediction) scenarios, and its crystal structure prediction technology has already ranked among the top in the world.


      XtalPi’s AI-based Peptide R&D Platform Establishes New Drug R&D Collaboration with Renowned Singaporean
      Research Institutions

      In December 2024, XtalPi entered into an AI-based new drug discovery collaboration with National Cancer Centre
      Singapore (NCCS) and Duke-NUS Medical School, where it will use a peptide research and design platform driven by
      XtalPi’s AI and automated experiment to discover and design clinical drug candidates for new targets of clear cell renal
      cell carcinoma (ccRCC) selected by NCCS. XtalPi will leverage its experience in the R&D of macromolecular drugs,
      combining AI generation algorithms with high-throughput experimental screening methods to rapidly achieve intelligent
      design and efficient screening of peptide drugs, optimizing peptide drug candidates with advantages and bringing more
      abundant medication options to the ccRCC field. This cooperation integrates the advantageous resources of the three
      parties and is expected to accelerate the provision of better treatment options for patients and promote the drug R&D
      process.




90   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

4.1.2 Intellectual property protection
We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations at home and abroad, such as the Patent Law of the People’s
Republic of China (《中華人民共和國專利法》) and the Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和
國商標法》), in all our operating regions. We have formulated corporate regulatory documents, including the Intellectual
Property Management System and the Intellectual Property Incentive Measures, to comprehensively guide the effective
implementation of the Company’s intellectual property protection work. Thanks to the Company’s sound intellectual
property management system, we have successfully passed the certification of the GB/T 29490 Enterprise Intellectual
Property Management System.

                  Certificate of Enterprise Intellectual Property Management System Certification




We are deeply aware of the importance of intellectual property management and protection for the Company’s innovative
research and development, and we actively carry out upstream and downstream intellectual property risk monitoring. By
utilizing tools such as patent databases and trademark databases, we regularly monitor potential third parties’ infringement
of XtalPi’s intellectual property information, and at the same time, identify the risks that the Company may infringe on the
intellectual property rights of third parties. Once potential risks are identified, the intellectual property team will closely
collaborate with professional teams such as R&D and branding teams to formulate response strategies to avoid incidents of
infringing external intellectual property rights, thus safeguarding the smooth progress of the Company’s business and the
achievement of its strategic goals. As of the end of the Reporting Period, we have been granted 67 new patents, with a total
of 281 trademarks, 71 copyrights, and 225 patents.

We have incorporated intellectual property training into our regular work and regularly carried out various training activities,
including training courses, quizzes with prizes, and Intellectual Property Week, to continuously strengthen employees’
awareness and professional capabilities in intellectual property protection. Through these activities, we have created a
favorable atmosphere in which all employees value intellectual property rights, making the concept of intellectual property
protection deeply rooted in everyone’s heart.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   91
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


         Delegation from the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Visits XtalPi

         In March 2024, a delegation from the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) visited XtalPi. Daren Tang, the
         Director General of WIPO, had in-depth communication with us regarding the Company’s intellectual property strategy.
         Director General Daren Tang highly commended our efforts in intellectual property protection and emphasized the
         significance of comprehensive intellectual property for the development of XtalPi. This visit not only deepened our
         understanding of the international trends in intellectual property protection but also provided valuable guidance for our
         future intellectual property strategy.

                    Daren Tang, Director General of WIPO, and Tam Man Hong, Chief Financial Officer of XtalPi




     4.2     Quality Assurance
     We regard quality as the lifeline of the enterprise’s development, strictly adhering to world-class quality standards,
     continuously improving the quality management system, and actively carrying out the construction of quality culture to
     provide strong support for our global partners.

     4.2.1 Construction of quality management system
     We strictly comply with the national safety standard for electrical equipment GB 47931 and the requirements of the ISO
     9001 quality and safety management system, and carry out the construction of the quality management system in an
     orderly manner. For the relevant business segments involved in our drug discovery solutions and intelligent robotics
     solutions, a complete quality management system has been established. Taking the Quality Manual as the guiding principle,
     detailed quality management procedure documents and operation instruction manuals are listed separately, providing clear
     standards and guidance for the implementation of quality control in business operations.




     1       GB 4793 Safety Requirements for Electrical Equipment for Measurement, Control and Laboratory Use

92   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

We have established a sound quality management structure, clarifying the quality management responsibilities at all levels to
ensure the orderly progress of quality management work. We have appointed qualified internal auditors in relevant business
departments to supervise these departments in maintaining a high standard of product and service delivery quality.

                                        Quality Management Structure of XtalPi




                                                             CEO




                                                     Representative of
                                                    Quality Management




                                                   Quality Internal Auditors
                                                    of Each Department




During the Reporting Period, the Company’s business lines of drug solid state R&D services and automated equipment
R&D and assembly underwent an external review for ISO 9001 quality management system certification and successfully
obtained the certification.

                              XtalPi ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   93
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     4.2.2 Quality management measures
     We strictly adhere to quality management standards and conduct regular internal and external quality audits, aiming
     to ensure that all aspects of the Company’s business comply with international regulations and industry norms, and
     continuously promote the improvement and perfection of the Company’s quality management system. During the Reporting
     Period, we have successfully completed the internal audit, management review of the Company’s quality management
     system, as well as the external system certification audit. As a crucial part of quality management, we attach great
     importance to the quality management of suppliers. During the Reporting Period, we visited suppliers a total of 26 times to
     evaluate their quality management. For suppliers with potential risks, we will increase the frequency of quality inspections
     and supervise their rectification to avoid situations that do not meet the requirements in the future. Through these measures,
     we have effectively reduced supply chain risks and ensured the stability of the quality of our products and services.

     Through the in-depth implementation of internal and external quality audits, we have systematically investigated the existing
     problems in quality management, actively explored the room for improvement in the operation of the system, and conducted
     in-depth discussions on the management principles and objectives of the quality management system. In response to the
     problems discovered in the quality audits, we took immediate action and launched rectification measures. At the same time,
     we organized internal review meetings to trace the root causes of the problems and actively optimized relevant management
     systems and processes to ensure that similar problems will not occur again.

     4.2.3 Quality culture construction
     We continue to promote the construction of the quality culture within the Company and regularly carry out various quality
     training programs. During the Reporting Period, we conducted 3 quality-related trainings, covering professional training
     for quality management internal auditors and comprehensive courses for improving quality management skills. The training
     covered employees in quality-related positions in the business departments, effectively enhancing their quality management
     capabilities and professional qualities.

     4.3    Client Service
     We have established a comprehensive client management system, accurately aligning with the customized needs of our
     clients, and are committed to providing a high-quality service experience. Our goal is to assist clients in accelerating their
     research and development processes and achieving efficient experimentation. In terms of client information security and
     privacy protection, we have established a stringent control system to safeguard the security and confidentiality of client
     information. We adhere strictly to laws and regulations to ensure that marketing activities are conducted in compliance,
     thereby maintaining client trust and the Company’s reputation.




94   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report

4.3.1 High quality service
We always prioritize client experience above all else. We have compiled the Business Management System, establishing a
clearly defined client service guarantee framework. This ensures that our representatives can respond to client needs swiftly
and efficiently, providing comprehensive protection for the client experience throughout the service process.

Client satisfaction survey
We have established a client satisfaction management mechanism, which involves conducting regular client satisfaction
surveys to comprehensively gather client feedback and identify areas for improvement in our service processes. For
projects that have been fulfilled, as well as those that are ongoing but have been fulfilled for six months or more, we
distribute satisfaction questionnaires and actively follow up on client responses. Additionally, we collect client opinions and
suggestions through communication with business departments and public channels, and perform statistical analysis on
client satisfaction data from all sources. Client opinions and suggestions are compiled and relayed to the relevant service
teams and business departments, enabling them to formulate appropriate action plans as needed. During the Reporting
Period, we did not receive any major complaints from clients, and our annual client satisfaction rate reached 95%. This
achievement fully demonstrates our strong commitment to addressing client needs and our continuous improvement in
service quality. Moving forward, we will further refine our client satisfaction management mechanism, optimize service
processes, and provide even higher-quality and more efficient service experiences to our clients. This will help solidify client
trust and foster mutual growth for both the Company and our clients.



                                        Client Satisfaction Collection Channels


       Satisfaction survey                     Business                Multiple public client            Internal rating systems within
         questionnaires               development/marketing          complaints channels of the              business departments
                                           operations and                   Company
                                         promotions/client
                                   referrals/internal and external
                                         recommendations




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   95
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     4.3.2 Responsible marketing
     We strictly adhere to the relevant laws and regulations in the places where we operate globally, such as the Advertising
     Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國廣告法》). To ensure the legality and compliance of all external
     promotional materials, we have implemented a rigorous review process. All materials must undergo professional review by
     the Company’s public affairs and legal teams, effectively eliminating false advertising, marketing infringement, and other
     illegal or non-compliant activities. During the Reporting Period, we did not encounter any litigation incidents arising from
     marketing activities, which fully demonstrates the effectiveness of our marketing compliance management.

     We have established the XtalPi Brand Marketing Think Tank by creating a resource library and defining the usage standards
     for brand visual elements. This initiative not only enhances the standardization and consistency of brand promotion but also
     effectively reduces the risk of infringement during promotional activities, ensuring that all brand communications are lawful
     and compliant.

     At the same time, we actively strengthen professional training for our marketing team by regularly organizing responsible
     marketing training activities. This comprehensively enhances employees’ awareness and capabilities in responsible
     marketing. For every new employee joining XtalPi, we require them to complete relevant training courses on responsible
     marketing, ensuring that they fully understand and strictly adhere to the Company’s marketing regulations. This embeds
     the principle of responsible marketing into their daily work. Through these measures, we reduce the risk of violations at the
     source, ensure the compliant execution of marketing activities, and collectively uphold the Company’s positive image and
     reputation.




96   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report

4.3.3 Information security and privacy protection
We strictly comply with the information security-related laws and regulations in the places where we operate, such as
the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國網絡安全法》) and the Data Security Law of
the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國數據安全法》). We have established a series of information security
management systems, such as the Information Asset Management Measures, Terminal Security Management System,
and Data Backup and Recovery Management System. We have built a comprehensive information security management
framework and established an Information Security Management Committee, with the CEO serving as the highest authority
overseeing the Group’s information security efforts. During the Reporting Period, we successfully passed the ISO 27001
Information Security Management System audit and obtained certification.

                                XtalPi Information Security Management Structure




                                                      Chief Information
                                                       Security Officer
                                                          — CEO

                                                 Information Security
                                                Management Committee



                                                    Management Team



                                                  Implementation Team




                     XtalPi ISO 27001 Information Security Management System Certification




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   97
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

     We place a high priority on cybersecurity and actively take measures to enhance emergency response capabilities and the
     resilience of our IT systems. In February 2024, we planned and executed a network outage emergency drill, covering data
     centers and network nodes across all sites of the Company. The drill simulated real-world network failure scenarios, aiming
     to improve employees’ emergency response capabilities and cross-departmental collaboration efficiency. Through this
     exercise, the Company identified and rectified a potential weakness in the network architecture, significantly enhancing the
     overall resilience of the network system. The average time from fault detection to initial recovery was controlled within 15
     minutes, providing effective assurance for business continuity.

     Additionally, to ensure the data security of our business systems, we conducted a data backup and recovery drill for the
     ERP system. The drill included data recovery in a test environment, followed by rigorous testing and validation of the
     recovered data to ensure its availability and integrity. These measures further strengthened the Company’s data security
     management system, providing a solid foundation for the stable operation of the Company’s business.

                                        XtalPi Information Security Management Enhancement Initiatives


          Enhanced Terminal Antivirus Capabilities and                        Deployment of Firewall Alert Function to Increase
        Improved the Detection Rate for Malicious Software                     the Efficiency of Handling High-Risk Incidents



         • Upgrading its terminal antivirus software: By installing more     • High-risk alert functionality has successfully deployed in the
           secure tools such as Sangfor EDR and Microsoft MDE, and             firewalls at its various office sites. When a high-risk event occurs,
           further optimizing security policies, the response time to          the system will send alerts via email to local administrators,
           malicious software has been reduced to an average of within         significantly increasing the efficiency of handling high-risk
           one hour.                                                           incidents, with the average response time improving by 100%.




                                                                                 Development of Host Protection Capability to
               Classified Protection Level 3 Certification
                                                                               Enhance Security and Ensure Business Continuity



         • We successfully passed the annual classified protection level 3   • By conducting testing of host protection tools and selecting a host
           assessment for its cloud-based ID4Inno system conducted by          protection product suitable for our Company. This protection will
           an evaluation agency, once again securing the classified            cover all critical servers/containers, both on the cloud and
           protection level 3 certification.                                   on-premises. It will proactively identify risks and facilitate timely
                                                                               remediation, preventing risks such as server breaches, Trojan
                                                                               implants, and security incidents. This enhances server security
                                                                               and ensures business continuity.




     In order to enhance the information security awareness of all employees and improve the Company’s ability to prevent
     and respond to information security incidents, we have actively carried out a series of information security promotion and
     education activities, including information security training for new employees, monthly dissemination of information security
     articles and case studies to all staff, as well as phishing email drills and training. By spreading knowledge of information
     security, we aim to improve employees’ ability to identify and handle information security threats, thereby ensuring the
     safety of the Company’s assets and client data.




98   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

5.    ECOLOGICAL CONSTRUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY
We firmly believe that sustainable development for enterprises relies on cooperation and mutual benefits among all parties
in the industry. We not only focus on enhancing our own business but also actively promote the mutual development of
suppliers, clients, and industry partners. Together, we aim to build a responsible, innovative and green industrial ecosystem,
achieving a win-win situation.

5.1   Responsible Procurement
We are committed to building a transparent, efficient, and socially responsible supply chain management system, ensuring
that ESG principles are followed throughout the procurement process. We continuously optimize supplier management
processes, strengthen communication with suppliers, and advocate for high ethical standards and business norms,
conducting procurement activities in a responsible manner.

5.1.1 Supplier full-lifecycle management
The Company has established a comprehensive supplier management system that sets standardized requirements for
various aspects, including supplier classification, supplier onboarding, supplier exit, supplier performance evaluation, and
supplier risk management. We strictly implement the Company’s core management policies such as the Procurement
Management System, the Sourcing and Bidding System, the Supplier Management Measures, and the Engineering
Procurement Management Measures, which comprehensively cover all stages of the procurement process and standardize
the management of the entire supplier lifecycle.

Supplier onboarding
When selecting suppliers, we conduct a comprehensive and multi-dimensional assessment of suppliers, including quality,
delivery capability, service standards and ESG performance, to ensure that suppliers meet our high standards for quality,
efficiency and sustainable development. In addition, we review potential suppliers through on-site inspections and
qualification reviews to ensure supply chain sustainability and compliance from the outset.

Supplier risk management
We comprehensively manage supplier operational risks to ensure the stability and sustainability of the supply chain. We
strictly follow the Supplier Management Measures to conduct risk assessments on suppliers, promptly identifying potential
risks, and developing corresponding risk response plans.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   99
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

                                                            Supply Chain Risk Control Measures


                          Diversified Supplier                   Supplier Risk Assessment and                Supplier Contracts and
                             Management                            Early Warning Mechanism                   Agreement Safeguards



                  • We adopt a dual-source or                   • For high-risk suppliers, we            • We enter into contracts with
                    multi-source supplier strategy.               implement stricter monitoring            stringent terms with high-risk
                  • For technical or market monopoly              measures and establishes a risk          suppliers    to   ensure     timely
                    suppliers, appropriate decentralized          early warning mechanism to               remediation in case of issues.
                    supply source strategies are                  ensure timely action can be taken
                    adopted to reduce risks.                      when changes occur in the supply
                                                                  chain.




                                                     Irregular Reviews and               Backup Suppliers and
                                                         On-site Audits                   Order Adjustments



                                           • For high-risk suppliers, we conduct    • For suppliers posing significant
                                             regular    on-site    audits    and      risks, we proactively seek backup
                                             comprehensive evaluations to             suppliers and adjust order
                                             monitor their production and             proportions and supply plans in a
                                             operational status, and adjust           timely    manner      to    ensure
                                             supply chain strategies promptly.        uninterrupted production.




100   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Supplier performance evaluation
We have established a rigorous supplier performance management system to ensure that suppliers consistently meet the
Company’s requirements in product quality, service capabilities, delivery times and other aspects. We conduct annual
assessments of suppliers based on the QCDSTAPE standards (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Service, Technology, Assets,
Process and ESG). Each supplier is quantitatively scored in these areas and categorized as excellent, qualified, pending and
unqualified based on the results. We will recognize and reward outstanding suppliers, and propose improvement plans for
underperforming suppliers with follow-up assessments and reevaluations.

Supplier Communication
To ensure the stability and efficiency of our supply chain, we have established a multi-tiered supplier communication
mechanism that encompasses both formal and informal channels. We conduct regular supplier audits to systematically
identify potential issues related to quality, delivery and compliance. By engaging in timely discussions with suppliers,
we jointly develop improvement plans. In addition, we empower suppliers to enhance their capabilities in technological
innovation and management through technical seminars and structured training programs.



                               Supplier                             Supplier                                  Supplier
                               Training                          Communication                               Assistance




          • We conduct SRM system training       • Communication channels: Online         • We regularly organize technical
            (covering enterprise information,      platforms include WeChat, Feishu,        exchanges to promote supplier
            sourcing and quoting, agreement        phone calls, websites, etc.; offline     collaboration and continuously
            management, order management,          channels include exhibitions and         optimize supplier quality and
            delivery     management,      and      on-site visits;                          service levels;
            settlement management) for all       • Communication formats: On-site         • We monitor supplier business
            SRM        system    collaborative     visits, exhibition interactions, and     execution, simplify the operational
            suppliers.                             industry forums.                         process of supplier system, and
                                                                                            reduce operational costs.




5.1.2 Sustainable supply chain
We consistently adhere to the principle of sustainable development and are committed to establishing long-term, stable,
and responsible partnerships with suppliers. To promote the construction of a sustainable supply chain and reduce
environmental and social risks, we require all key suppliers to sign the Supplier Code of Conduct for Anti-corruption
Cooperation and to develop and implement supplier management standards and plans. Integrating the standards of green
supply chain management and lean management, we explicitly require suppliers to meet high standards in environmental
protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance. This ensures the green transformation and sustainable
development of the entire supply chain.

When selecting suppliers, we prioritize their performance on environmental and social responsibility. In terms of
environmental protection, suppliers are required to obtain certifications such as ISO 14001. In terms of social responsibility,
we assess various factors including market reputation, labor rights protection and workforce stability. At the same time, we
continue to reinforce transparency and integrity in supply chain management. All employees of the Procurement Department
are required to sign the Integrity and Self-Discipline Commitment to eliminate corruption, and we conduct regular anti-
corruption training to enhance compliance awareness and enforcement of our employees.

5.2   Industry Collaboration
We uphold the philosophy of open cooperation and actively engage in technical collaborations with various partners to
promote the mutual development of the industrial ecosystem. We strive to be a trustworthy partner, an innovative enabler,
and a contributor to the industry. Through participating in technology research and development, hosting public forums,
engaging in industry events, and fostering international collaborations, we drive industry progress and jointly build a
sustainable future.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   101
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      Industry exchange activities
      We actively organize and participate in industry forums and technology exhibitions, engaging with industrial partners,
      research institutions, and experts in the field to jointly explore the innovative applications of cutting-edge technologies
      in specific industries. In line with our commitment to driving industrial transformation through innovation, we strategically
      position ourselves for future industries and deeply explore new opportunities for AI in emerging fields and markets. The
      following sets forth some cases of representative industry events we organized or participated in:

       The 13th CCTV Finance Hong Kong Forum to Discuss How Technological Innovation Empowers High-quality
       Economic Development

       At the end of 2023, the 13th CCTV Finance Hong Kong Forum was held in Hong Kong under the theme of “Scientific
       and Technological Innovation: Activating New Driving Forces for Economic Development”. John Lee Ka-chiu, chief
       executive of Hong Kong SAR, Li Dahong, CPPCC member, and Peng Jianming from China Media Group attended the
       event and delivered speeches. Dr. Wen Shuhao, Co-founder and Chairman of XtalPi, participated in the discussion,
       emphasizing that AI and automation are the core driving forces of the technological revolution. Dr. Wen said that XtalPi
       will continue to increase its R&D investment, and deepen its industry-university-research cooperation with Hong Kong
       universities and enterprises to accelerate the commercial application of technology. Leveraging Hong Kong’s global
       connectivity, we will contribute to the development of an international innovation and technology hub, showcasing
       China’s scientific and technological strength to the world. Riding on the inevitable trend for AI to empower all walks of
       life, XtalPi remains dedicated to advancing technological innovation and industrial applications, thus injecting new
       momentum into high-quality economic growth.

                                                On-site Photos of Wen Shuhao, the Chairman of XtalPi,
                                                    Attending the Forum and Delivering a Speech




       XtalPi delivered a speech at the Discovery US Conference in Boston

       In June 2024, XtalPi was invited to attend the Discovery US Conference in Boston, where it delivered a keynote speech
       entitled “The Reality of AI Drug Discovery: Revolution or Pandora’s Box”. The speech explored in depth the practical
       application of artificial intelligence in drug discovery and analyzed the revolutionary opportunities and potential challenges
       it brings.

                                                     On-site Photos at Discovery US Conference




102   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


CPHI & PMEC Shenzhen High-Quality Pharmaceutical Development Conference

From September 9 to 11, 2024, XtalPi made an appearance at the 26th China International High-Tech Fair (CPHI
Shenzhen Exhibition). This event brought together innovative resources in the fields of biopharmaceuticals, active
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), equipment, and formulation technologies. Dr. Ma Jian, Co-founder and CEO of XtalPi,
delivered a speech titled “Empowering API Development with Automation and Intelligence” on September 9, sharing our
latest applications and advancements in automation and intelligent technologies within the API development field.

            On-site Photos of the Shenzhen High-Quality Pharmaceutical Development Conference




Dr. Lai Lipeng, the Co-founder, executive Director and Chief Innovation Officer of XtalPi, was invited to
participate in the third BIONNOVA Beijing Innovation Forum

On September 26, 2024, Dr. Lai Lipeng, the Co-founder, executive Director and Chief Innovation Officer of XtalPi, was
invited to participate in the third BIONNOVA Beijing Innovation Forum and delivered a keynote speech on "AI-driven Drug
R&D and Innovation". In his speech, Dr. Lai deeply discussed the cutting-edge application of artificial intelligence in the
field of drug R&D, shared the achievements of XtalPi under the "three-in-one" R&D model combining intelligent
computing, automated experiments and expert experience. He emphasized that integrating AI technology into the drug
R&D process can not only significantly improve R&D efficiency and shorten the new drug development cycle, but also
promote the sustainable innovation in the pharmaceutical industry, demonstrating XtalPi's positive practice in promoting
the sustainable development of the pharmaceutical industry.

                    On-site Exchange Photo of the Third BIONNOVA Beijing Innovation Forum




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   103
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       XtalPi delivered a speech at the Formulation & Development Europe Conference in London

       On October 3, 2024, XtalPi was invited to attend the Formulation & Development Europe Conference in London, where it
       delivered a speech entitled “Transforming Solid Form Selection From Art To A Predictable Science”. The speech shared
       our latest progress in solid-state drug development and showcased how the selection of solid forms is transformed from
       a traditional, experience-based approach into a predictable scientific process.

                                           Sharing at the Formulation & Development Europe Conference




       XtalPi is working with MIT to lead AI for Science and build the MIT AI future laboratory

       Prof. Troy Van Voorhis, the head of the Department of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT),
       and Corrie Lefebvre, the director of Commercialization Collaborations, visited XtalPi’s Shenzhen headquarters in October
       2024 to have in-depth communication with the Company’s senior management and scientific research team, discuss
       how the AI + Robot platform can promote AI For Science and build a new research paradigm in chemistry and materials
       science. Dr. Wen Shuhao, Co-founder and Chairman of XtalPi, introduced the Company’s breakthroughs in the field of
       AI automated chemistry laboratory, especially in the application of research and development of new materials. Prof. Van
       Voorhis spoke highly of XtalPi’s innovations and achievements in the research and development of new materials such
       as perovskites, and expressed his willingness to deepen the cooperation, and promote the deep integration of AI and
       automation.

                                          On-site Photo of Signing Ceremony for MIT and XtalPi Joint Lab




104   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Dr. Zhang Peiyu, the Chief Scientific Officer of XtalPi, was invited to participate in the 2024 World Congress on
Biomedicine and Artificial Intelligence

On October 26, 2024, Dr. Zhang Peiyu, the Chief Scientific Officer of XtalPi, was invited to participate in the World
Congress on Biomedicine and Artificial Intelligence and delivered a keynote speech at the conference. Dr. Zhang had an
in-depth discussion on the application of artificial intelligence in new drug research and development, and shared
XtalPi’s innovative practices in the fields of drug discovery and crystal form research. The speech emphasized that the
combination of artificial intelligence and high-precision physical models can effectively shorten the new drug research
and development cycle, reduce costs, and improve the success rate. Dr. Zhang's speech attracted wide attention from
the participants, demonstrating XtalPi's technical strength and industry influence in the field of biomedicine and artificial
intelligence.

                   On-site Photo of World Congress on Biomedicine and Artificial Intelligence




The 26th China International Hi-Tech Fair

From November 14 to 16, 2024, XtalPi participated in the 26th China International Hi-Tech Fair (CHTF) held at Shenzhen
World Exhibition & Convention Center in Bao’an District. With the curatorial concept of “Special Topics, Special
Exhibitions and Specialization (專題專展專業化)”, this CHTF focused on displaying new products and technologies in
cutting-edge fields such as artificial intelligence, green energy and life sciences, and gathered scientific and
technological innovation achievements at home and abroad. As an important platform to showcase China’s high-tech
strength, the CHTF provides an opportunity for XtalPi to demonstrate its innovative technologies and industry leadership,
further consolidating our technological advantages in the fields of life sciences and green energy.

                                     On-site Photos of International Hi-Tech Fair




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   105
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       AI New Drug R&D Alliance Expansion Meeting

       As the co-chairman unit of Zhangjiang AI New Drug R&D Alliance, the first AI new drug alliance in China, XtalPi and
       Zhangjiang Group, the chairman unit, have organized a number of different types of activities to attract more new
       members to join in the alliance, with the aim of promoting the application and deepening of cutting-edge technologies in
       strategic emerging industries such as artificial intelligence and biomedicine with new tools, new fields and new models,
       and contributing to the cultivation and expansion of new quality productivity and the promotion of high-quality
       development of biomedicine.

       On December 24, 2024, XtalPi actively participated in the first AI New Drug R&D Alliance Expansion Meeting in China.
       During the meeting, Yuan Tao (袁濤), the chairman of the alliance, pointed out that AI technology is promoting the
       transformation of the pharmaceutical industry to "Intelligent Drug R&D (智藥)", and the alliance plays an important role in
       promoting cross-border integration, technology iteration and data sharing. As an industry pioneer, XtalPi will continue to
       promote the deep integration of AI and the pharmaceutical industry, and help build an innovative ecosystem for
       intelligent drug R&D.

                                           On-site Photo of AI New Drug R&D Alliance Expansion Meeting




      6.     PEOPLE-ORIENTED
      As a high-tech enterprise, we always adhere to the concept of a people-oriented approach, and recognize that talent is the
      driving force for enterprise innovation and development. We regard talent as our most valuable asset, and by creating a
      compliant, equal, diverse, inclusive and safe workplace environment, we provide every employee with broad development
      space and rich growth opportunities to help them realize their career aspirations and personal values. Meanwhile, we
      continue to improve the well-being of our employees, continue to enhance employee communication, and work together
      with employees to create a better tomorrow.

      6.1    Compliance Employment
      We take compliance employment as the bottom line and do our best to protect the legitimate rights and interests
      of our employees. On this basis, we pay great attention to the well-being of our employees and provide them with a
      comprehensive and reasonable compensation and welfare system, with a view to achieving a win-win situation of personal
      value and company development.

      6.1.1 Employee employment
      Protection of employees' rights & interests
       We strictly comply with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China
      (《中華人民共和國勞動法》) and the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》),
       and have formulated the Recruitment Management System as the basis for internal employment management, and carry out
       recruitment activities in accordance with laws and regulations.

      We adhere to the principle of equal employment and strictly prohibit any form of child labor and forced labor. The Workplace
      Equality and Respect Management System regulates the behavior of employees and prohibits any discrimination and
      harassment on the basis of gender, age, marital status, race and other factors in the process of employee employment.
      Meanwhile, we have set up smooth employee communication channels and established procedures for reporting,
      investigating and imposing penalties, so that employees can report any improper treatment they have suffered in the
      workplace. If the report is true, once investigated, the Company will deal with it seriously without any tolerance.

106   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of employees2 at XtalPi globally was 809. The following table
provides a breakdown of the employment of our employees:


    Indicators3                                                                                 Unit                                        2024

    The following breakdown of employees by gender, age and region is based on full-time employees.

    Employment of employees by type of employment

    Full-time employees                                                                         Person                                        753

    Part-time employees                                                                         Person                                         56

    Employment of employees by gender

    Male                                                                                        Person                                        432

    Female                                                                                      Person                                        321

    Employment of employees by age

    < 30                                                                                        Person                                        267

    30–50                                                                                       Person                                        480

    > 50                                                                                        Person                                           6

    Employment of employees by region

    Number of employees in mainland China                                                       Person                                        714

    Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan                                          Person                                           7

    Number of employees outside China                                                           Person                                         32


Diversity, equality and inclusion
We are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, and have formulated the Workplace Equality
and Respect Management System to communicate our dedication to diversity. In our daily work, we continuously
communicate the concept of diversity and equality to our employees through internal emails, cultural publicity platforms, and
both online and offline community events to ensure that every employee can feel the care and support of the Company.

We strongly support the development of female employees, and are committed to enabling every outstanding woman to
demonstrate her talents and thrive in the workplace.




2      Total Number of Employees: The statistical criteria for employee data remain consistent with the financial reports.
3      The following breakdown of employees by gender, age and region is based on full-time employees.

                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   107
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      We have set up mother and baby rooms in our Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing workplaces to meet the needs of employees
      in the lactating period. In addition, during International Women’s Day every year, we provide all female employees with a
      half-day welfare leave and a well-prepared welfare gift box. We hope that these initiatives will make every female employee
      feel the care and respect of the Company and contribute to the promotion of gender equality.


                                                     XtalPi’s Mother and Baby Room




       Women's Leadership: Witnessing Her Power

       On the occasion of International Women's Day on March 8, XtalPi invited 3 female employees from all over the world
       who are outstanding leaders and role models in their respective fields, shining with their passions and dreams. XtalPi
       shared their perception of women's power by creating a boutique column called "Her Power", achieving a great
       resonance beyond time and space, and further strengthening the integration of international culture.

                                                      “Her Power” Poster of XtalPi




      We not only emphasize gender equality, but also actively promote mutual respect and cooperation among employees
      with different backgrounds, cultures and experiences. To enhance cross-cultural communication, we provide work and
      life guidance and cultural support for Boston-based employees visiting our China workplaces, as well as for China-based
      employees visiting our Boston workplace.




108   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Employee recruitment
We uphold the principle of fair recruitment and continue to attract talents through multiple channels. According to the
Recruitment Management System, the Company has clarified various principles in the recruitment process and built a
transparent recruitment process to enhance the fairness and transparency of recruitment. To enhance the candidate
experience, we have implemented an Interviewer Management System, whereby new interviewers are required to complete
the interviewer assessment and certification before participating in the interview process. Meanwhile, we have established
an interviewer enhancement station to provide interviewers with a platform for the training, sharing and exchange of relevant
interview skills, so as to help improve the interviewers’ abilities and ensure the selection of outstanding talents in line with
XtalPi’s talent concept.

We insist on using consistent interview evaluation standards to ensure that all candidates are evaluated under the same
evaluation system and avoid unfairness caused by subjective factors. In addition, we have established a mechanism for
candidates to evaluate the interview process. Through the “moka” interview system, candidates can appeal against any
unfair behavior during the interview process, thus further protecting the legitimate rights and interests of candidates, and
upholding the fairness of the recruitment process.

                                        XtalPi’s Employee Recruitment Channels



               1             Overseas recruitment: launching the overseas recruitment system and
                             establishing the global talent pool




               2             Campus recruitment: school-enterprise cooperation, seminars and job fairs




               3
                             Employee internal recommendation: setting up a reward mechanism and
                             providing internal referral channels




               4             Social media recruitment: posting jobs on social media




               5             Talent mapping matching: establishing a good partnership with external
                             high-level candidates




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      On the basis of broadening recruitment channels, we continue to improve the quality of recruitment through a series of
      measures, which not only enhances the Company's employer brand image, but also provides a solid guarantee for the
      Company's sustainable development.

                                                        XtalPi’s Recruitment Highlight Initiatives



                                          Interviewer                            Internship                           Topic Sharing
                                          Training                               Positions                            Sessions


                    • We conduct training sessions             • We offer internship positions to   • In order to further support the
                      on Interviewer Management                  help students on campus              career development of college
                      System across three locations.             understand the real working          graduates, we regularly organize
                      By combining historical cases              environment, participate in real     topic sharing sessions, invite our
                      and scenario-based videos,                 projects, and accumulate             executives and scientists to give
                      we conveyed interview                      valuable work experience.            speeches or lectures, share
                      management standards to                                                         industry trends and career
                      interviewers, thereby                                                           development experience, and
                      enhancing the quality of our                                                    help students on campus clarify
                      recruitment process.                                                            their employment direction.




      6.1.2 Compensation and benefits
      We continue to optimize our compensation management system, and have established internal management standards
      such as the Compensation Management System, the Individual Performance Management System and the Organizational
      Performance Management System, so as to ensure the fairness, transparency and competitiveness of the Company's
      compensation management. In addition, we have implemented a stock option plan to retain key talents and fully mobilize
      the motivation and creativity of employees through a combination of long-term and short-term incentives.

      We have built a comprehensive welfare system for our employees and are committed to improving their happiness. We have
      a flexible working system to flexibly manage commuting time and make it easier for employees to commute during peak
      hours. Employees who are unable to arrive at the office due to special circumstances may apply to the Company to work
      from home if they can meet the office conditions and complete their work. We have set up leave entitlements that are higher
      than the national standard. In addition to statutory holidays, we also provide our employees with additional annual leave
      according to their length of service to help them achieve work-life balance and ensure that they get enough rest.

      We pay great attention to the health of our employees. In addition to the basic social insurance, we have purchased
      commercial supplementary insurance on personal accidents and illness medical for our employees, and provided
      comprehensive physical examinations for them. In order to reduce the living costs of our employees, we provide them with
      transportation subsidies, meal subsidies and nearby rental subsidies to alleviate their pressure of living. During important
      statutory holidays and important moments of our employees, we provide them with gifts or souvenirs to show our care for
      them. In addition, we regularly organize team building activities to enhance team cohesion and communication between
      employees, with the aim of protecting the rights and interests of our employees and improve their happiness.




110   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report

6.2   Training and Development
We attach great importance to talent cultivation and development, and have formulated a clear career development path
for our employees and established a comprehensive knowledge training system to help them achieve their career ideals.
We provide employees with a broad career development platform, and set up a sound performance appraisal and incentive
mechanism to encourage employees to make progress and realize the mutual growth of individuals and the Company.

6.2.1 Talent cultivation
We have established a sound talent cultivation system and formulated the Training Management System, which aims to
enhance the professional skills and comprehensive quality of our employees through systematic training, and promote their
personal growth and career development.

We have designed customized training programs for employees at all levels. For new employees, we provide new employee
training and offline sharing sessions to help them quickly understand their positions and integrate into the Company. For
middle and senior management and key employees, we have specially launched a high-dimensional academy training
program to further enhance their professional ability and general skills. In addition, we have established an online π-learning
learning platform to provide employees with a variety of training courses and learning resources.

                                                   XtalPi’s Training Program



                                     Internal Training                                     External Training




             • New employee training, offline sharing                   • High-dimensional academy training
               sessions for new employees                                 program
             • Departmental professional skills training:
               X-MAB lecture hall, Genius lecture hall, IP
               training, etc.
             • Internal seminars




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   111
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       High-dimensional Academy Training Program

       During the Reporting Period, XtalPi launched the “High-Dimensional Academy”, a tailored innovative training program for
       senior management and key personnel. In collaboration with external professional institutions, this program employs an
       offline immersive thematic learning model designed to enhance strategic thinking, management effectiveness and
       professional expertise, ensuring a strong talent foundation for our high-quality development.

       Currently, we have conducted 11 training sessions covering topics such as founder financial advancement, coaching
       leadership, strategic performance design, B2B sales performance management, organizational design frameworks and
       corporate learning officers. These sessions have been attended by professionals across various departments, including
       Finance and Compliance Center, HR and Administration Center, Business Units, and Marketing and Brand Management
       Center. The training covers sales performance optimization, financial management optimization, leadership practice,
       whole-process performance management, organizational design and talent development, and corporate learning
       frameworks, aiming to drive collective progress for both employees and the company.

                                                     Founder's Financial Advancement Training




                                                          Coaching Leadership Training




                                                      Strategic Performance Design Training




112   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report

During the Reporting Period, XtalPi’s employees received an average of 5.7 hours of training. The following table
summarizes the training of our employees:


 Employee Training                                                           Unit                                         2024

 Percentage of employee training performance

 Training rate of full-time employees                                        %                                               79

 By rank

 Senior management                                                           %                                                 3

 Middle management                                                           %                                                 4

 Non-management employees                                                    %                                               93

 By gender

 Male employees                                                              %                                               56

 Female employees                                                            %                                               44

 Employee training investment performance

 Total employee training hours                                               Hours                                       4,275

 Amount of investment in employee training                                   RMB ten thousand                            75.58

 Training hours per person                                                   Hours                                          5.7

 Average training hours by gender

 Male employees                                                              Hours                                          5.4

 Female employees                                                            Hours                                          6.1

 Average training hours by rank

 Senior management                                                           Hours                                          9.1

 Middle management                                                           Hours                                          5.5

 Non-management employees                                                    Hours                                          5.6


6.2.2 Promotion mechanism
We insist on implementing a fair and just promotion strategy, and follow the Rank Management Measures as the basis
for the promotion and development of internal employees to ensure the rationality and fairness of the promotion process
of employees. In addition, we have set up a comprehensive employee promotion appraisal system, which combines
various factors such as employees' contribution, growth and influence to conduct a comprehensive evaluation, aiming to
comprehensively and objectively evaluate the performance and potential of employees, and ensure that every employee is
given the due development opportunities in a fair and just environment.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   113
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      Adhering to the management concept of “Making the Best Use of Talents”, we have set up two talent development routes,
      namely the management sequence and the professional sequence, to provide a variety of choices for employees in various
      fields.

                                                                  XtalPi Promotion Review Process


                    Before Promotion                                In the Review Process                         After Promotion




                    Clearly define the competency standards         Establish a cross-departmental panel to       The promotion results undergo multiple
                    and approval mechanisms, review the             ensure comprehensive decision-making,         levels of approval, are publicly
                    qualifications of the judges, and publicize     guaranteeing that the review is fair, just,   announced to all employees, and a
                    to both managers and judges                     and reasonable                                grievance process is made available to
                                                                                                                  ensure the transparency and openness
                                                                                                                  of the procedure




      We have established a comprehensive performance evaluation system that assesses employees from two dimensions:
      organizational performance appraisal and individual performance appraisal.




                                                          • Divided into mid-year and annual appraisals. The mid-year appraisal primarily
                                                            focuses on the process, while the annual appraisal determines the final
                                                            assessment results for the year.
                                                          • The completion of financial indicator will serve as the foundational basis for the
                        Organizational
                                                            appraisal.
                        Performance
                                                          • Conducting a comprehensive assessment considering multiple dimensions
                          Appraisal                         such as contribution, growth potential, and influence.




                                                          • Appraisals are conducted on a semi-annual basis.
                                                          • The appraisal process includes employee summary self-assessment, direct
                          Individual                        superior evaluation, 360-degree feedback, departmental performance
                         Performance                        calibration, determination and approval of appraisal results, employee
                          Appraisal                         communication, performance petition, and performance improvement plan.




114   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

6.3   Employee Care
We always prioritize the well-being of our employees, offering support not only in their work but also providing care in their
daily lives. We patiently listen to each employee’s voice, striving through practical efforts to make every employee feel the
warmth of home, thereby enhancing their happiness and sense of belonging.

6.3.1 Employee communication
We value the opinions and suggestions of every employee. We have established diverse and open communication channels
to encourage employees to freely and actively express their thoughts and viewpoints. Employees are welcome to provide
feedback on key issues such as performance appraisals and job promotions, and we will attach great importance on such
feedback and make timely responses.

                         XtalPi Employee Communication Channels and Highlight Initiatives


                                      • At onboarding anniversary events, we incorporate face-to-face sessions with HR and
                                        feedback surveys to address new employees' queries and gather their input;

               Two-way                • Holding quarterly all-hands meetings to share the Company's strategic plans and policies,
                                        fostering a stronger sense of identification and belonging among our employees.
            Communications



                                      • Presenting anniversary gift boxes to our overseas employees as a token of recognition
                                        and gratitude for their contributions;
                                      • On international occasions such as International Women’s Day, we conduct online
             Accelerating               interview activities to enhance communication and interaction among employees,
          Employee Integration          creating a more united and harmonious work environment.




                                      • Regularly conducting employee satisfaction surveys to collect employees' thoughts and
                                        suggestions through various channels. These surveys help us gauge employees'
           Employer Branding            satisfaction with the work environment, career development, team collaboration, and
                                        company culture.
              Campaign




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   115
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      We place a high priority on employee retention and have implemented a series of initiatives to retain talent. We have
      increased the allocation of internal resources to employees in core positions to enhance their loyalty. We provide employees
      with abundant training opportunities to help them improve professional skills and actively offer nomination opportunities
      for employees to apply for and obtain talent qualification certifications, supporting them in gaining greater recognition and
      reputation within the industry.

      For employees who submit resignations, we conduct face-to-face interviews to deeply understand the reasons behind
      their decision, actively address their concerns, and, when necessary, collaborate with senior management to retain them.
      This ensures the stability of core employees and the cohesion of the team. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s
      employee turnover rate was 10.3%. The table below details the employee turnover:


       Indicators                                                                         Unit                              2024

       Employee turnover rate by gender

       Male                                                                               %                                5.83%

       Female                                                                             %                                4.47%

       Employee turnover rate by age

       <30                                                                                %                                3.66%

       30–50                                                                              %                                6.64%

       >50                                                                                %                                0.00%

       Employee turnover rate by region

       Number of mainland China employees                                                 %                                9.49%

       Number of Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan employees                                   %                                0.14%

       Number of overseas employees                                                       %                                0.68%




116   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

6.3.2 Employee activities
We firmly believe that a cohesive and dynamic team is a strong driving force for the development of a company, and the
happiness of employees is a solid cornerstone for the continuous progress of the company. Therefore, we are committed
to creating colorful activities for our employees, through which we continue to enhance team cohesion and their sense of
well-being.


 Peng π Future, Born With AI | XtalPi’s 10th Anniversary Celebration

 XtalPi hosted a variety of colorful 10th anniversary celebration activities in its offices in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, and
 Boston. We customized 10th anniversary uniforms, badges, and cakes, and designed diversified fun games and sports
 challenges to enhance team cohesion and employees’ sense of belonging.

 During the event, Co-founders Dr. Wen Shuhao, Dr. Ma Jian, and Dr. Lai Lipeng delivered speeches respectively,
 reviewing the company’s journey from its beginnings in Boston to its successful listing on the Hong Kong Stock
 Exchange, and emphasizing the importance of technological innovation, teamwork, and social value creation. We hope
 to continue innovating in the fields of life sciences and new materials, making greater contributions to human health and
 social development.

                                          XtalPi’s 10th Anniversary Celebration




 Π Day Cultural Day Sports Meet: AI Passion Ignites the Future

 On March 14, we celebrated XtalPi’s unique Π-Day Culture Day. With the theme of “AI Passion Ignites the Future”, we
 organized a series of activities in our four workplaces in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, and Boston through an innovative
 format of online “XtalPi Circle” fitness check-in challenge and offline sports parties. The activities effectively boosted the
 cohesion of the organization and the morale of the employees. The offline sports meet promoted cross-departmental
 communication through random team formations, achieving a satisfaction score of 96. The online event attracted 110
 participants, who received Lego cars as rewards, enhancing internal interaction and engagement.

                                         XtalPi’s Π Day Cultural Day Sports Meet




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   117
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       “Wandering Between the Lines” World Book Day Activity

       On April 23, World Book Day, XtalPi launched the “Wandering Between the Lines” book recommendation event, inviting
       employees to share their favorite books online. Our enthusiastic employees actively participated in the event, sharing
       their beloved books. Based on everyone's recommendations, we compiled a collection of recommended books into a
       social media post, fostering an atmosphere of shared learning and growth.

                                                         XtalPi’s World Book Day Activity




       Full Coding Power, Igniting Decoding Passion Across the Team: “1024 Programmer’s Day”

       During the Programmers’ Day, we successfully carried out a series of highly engaging activities, conveying the
       company’s care and emphasis to the programmer community. Through these activities, we demonstrated our deep
       recognition and unremitting pursuit of the technical and cultural heritage. During the event, the number of interactions
       reached 191, with topic views totaling 2,100, and the highest single post interaction count reaching 235.

                                                     XtalPi’s “1024 Programmer’s Day” Activity




118   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

We always adhere to the philosophy of work-life balance and actively organize diverse employee family activities,
demonstrating comprehensive care for employees’ personal lives and career development.


 “Little Scientists” Corporate Open Day Brand Event

 We hosted the “Little Scientists” Family Day event in Shanghai, which attracted many families to explore the mysteries of
 the technological world together. During the event, the children wore customized “XtalPi Work card” and visited their
 parents’ workplaces, gaining a deeper understanding of their work through interactive Q&A sessions. Additionally, an
 expert team prepared an online course for the children, using familiar cartoon characters to vividly explain scientific
 knowledge such as drug development, sparking their interest in science.

 Furthermore, the children visited the intelligent automation laboratory, experiencing the charm of cutting-edge
 technology up close and engaging in fun interactions with robotic cars. In the Parent-Child Carnival game area, a variety
 of exciting games were set up, such as small chemistry experiments, clay design, and ring toss for lucky bags, allowing
 the children and their parents to enjoy a joyful time together.

                            XtalPi’s “Little Scientists” Corporate Open Day Brand Event




 Celebrating Children’s Day: XtalPi’s Children’s Painting Sharing Activity at Home and Abroad

 As Children’s Day approached, we specially organized a children’s painting collection event for the families of employees
 at home and abroad. The event aimed to allow children to express their unique perspectives and beautiful aspirations for
 the world through art. The initiative received an enthusiastic response, with a total of 20 creative and colorful artworks
 submitted. These paintings not only showcased the children’s rich imagination and artistic talent but also reflected
 XtalPi’s care and support for employees’ families.

                         XtalPi’s Children’s Painting Sharing Activity at Home and Abroad




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   119
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      6.4    Occupational Health and Safety
      We pay great attention to employees’ occupational health and safety, establishing a robust occupational health and safety
      management system to provide a healthy and safe working environment. We also strengthen the promotion of safety
      awareness in daily operations to effectively safeguard employees’ occupational health and safety. We strictly comply with
      the legal and regulatory requirements of our operating locations and have developed internal policies such as the EHS
      Management Guidelines and the Incident and Accident Management Measures to ensure the safety of our operating
      environment. Additionally, the Company requires all engineering project contractors to adhere to the Engineering Project
      Contractor Safety and Civilized Management Measures, ensuring that safety and environmental requirements are met during
      project implementation. In the past three years, there were no work-related injuries or fatalities.

      We have set occupational health and safety control objectives, and the table below shows the achievement status during
      the Reporting Period:


       Indicators                                                          2024 Achievement Status

       Severe injury and fatality rate 0%                                  Achieved

       Occupational disease incidence rate 0%                              Achieved

       Hazard rectification rate 100%                                      Achieved


      To further ensure employee safety, we regularly conduct occupational health and safety audits to identify potential
      safety hazards and areas that do not meet safety standards, thereby ensuring the safety and compliance of the working
      environment. During the Reporting Period, we successfully passed the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety
      Management System audit and obtained certification.

                           XtalPi ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification




      During the Reporting Period, we conducted an annual safety training covering key areas such as safety responsibility systems,
      safety production month, accident case analysis, occupational health and environmental protection education, hazardous
      chemical safety knowledge, as well as emergency plan drills and emergency response. Through this training, employees across
      all departments significantly enhanced their safety awareness and emergency response capabilities, providing strong support
      for the company’s safe production and sustainable development. In addition, we also conducted an annual training focused on
      emergency response to sudden incidents such as fires and leaks. The training covered emergency response measures for fires
      and chemical leaks, risk identification of hazardous chemicals, protective measures, execution of emergency procedures, and
      environmental recovery after incidents. This training aimed to enhance employees’ emergency response capabilities, ensure their
      safety, minimize environmental impact, and comply with relevant regulations and standards.


120   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report

7.    GREEN DEVELOPMENT
Leveraging our technological advantages, we actively promote the development of green technologies, empowering green
practices across various industries. We are committed to building an operational model that emphasizes efficient resource
utilization and environmental friendliness, setting green development goals to move toward a more sustainable future.

7.1   Environmental Management
Environmental management system
We consistently adhere to the environmental management philosophy of "targeted pollution control, scientific pollution
control, and lawful pollution control," striving to meet higher standards in the battle against pollution. We synergistically
promote carbon reduction, pollution control, green expansion, and growth, driving steady and continuous improvement in
ecological and environmental quality. The company strictly complies with laws and regulations such as the Environmental
Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), the Law of the People’s Republic of
China on Appraising Environmental Impacts (《中華人民共和國環境影響評估法》), and the Regulations on the Administration
of Construction Project Environmental Protection (《建設項目環境保護管理條例》). We have established and implemented
internal systems such as the EHS Management Guidelines and the Environmental Protection Management System.

We have set up a Safety Production Management Committee (the “Safety Committee”), with the chief executive
officer of the Company serving as the highest responsible person, overseeing all safety, environmental protection, and
occupational health efforts of the Company. The EHS team is responsible for daily management, establishing and improving
the Company’s environmental protection systems. Quarterly EHS meetings are held to regularly report progress to
superiors. The engineering team serves as the implementation level for environmental management measures, focusing
on the maintenance and inspection of waste gas emission and disposal facilities, ensuring the orderly advancement of
environmental management work.

We actively promote environmental management system certification and have successfully obtained ISO 14001
Environmental Management System certification.

                         XtalPi ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   121
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      We have established specific environmental goals and actively adopt quantitative metrics to measure the effectiveness of
      our environmental management strategies. We regularly track indicators such as greenhouse gas emission intensity and
      energy usage intensity, review the progress of achieving environmental goals, and enhance green operational performance.



                             Greenhouse                             Energy                   Water Resource               Hazardous
                           Gases Emissions                         Utilization                 Utilization               Waste Emission



                • Using 2023 as the                  • Using 2023 as the           • Using 2023 as the          • Using 2023 as the
                  baseline year, the                   baseline year, the            baseline year, the water     baseline, by 2025, the
                  carbon emission                      energy consumption            consumption intensity        generation of hazardous
                  intensity will be reduced            intensity will be reduced     will be reduced by 15%       solid waste and
                  by 12% by 2030 and by                by 12% by 2030 and by         by 2030 and by 30%           hazardous liquid waste
                  25% by 2040.                         25% by 2040.                  by 2040.                     will be decreased by
                                                                                                                  0.5% annually compared
                                                                                                                  to the previous year.



        2024 highlight performance

        Environmental
        Protection Investment                                                            RMB2,097,000
        Amount


        Waste Compliance
                                                                                         100%
        Disposal Rate



        Hazardous Waste
                                                                                         Decreased by 54.9% compared to 2023
        Emission Intensity


      7.1.2 Environmental audits
      We are committed to ensuring the effectiveness and compliance of environmental management, continuously improving
      environmental management standards, and strictly implementing internal and external environmental audit and inspection
      systems. We actively cooperate with external regulatory agencies to conduct quarterly and monthly inspections, promptly
      addressing and rectifying issues based on audit results, and continuously optimizing management measures.

      In terms of internal control, we have established rigorous annual, monthly, and daily inspection procedures. Comprehensive
      environmental inspections are conducted before major events and holidays, covering key areas such as environmental
      protection facilities, hazardous chemical usage sites, hazardous chemical storage warehouses, and firefighting facilities.
      This helps to identify potential risks in a timely manner and implement effective prevention and control measures, ensuring
      the objectivity and reliability of risk assessments. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any major
      environmental incidents or receive any environmental-related penalties.

      7.1.3 Green Office
      We uphold the philosophy of green development, striving to enhance employees’ sense of environmental responsibility
      and promote the in-depth practice of green office culture. We regularly conduct environmental protection-themed training,
      helping employees comprehensively understand the importance of environmental protection and related knowledge through
      systematic education and promotion. To foster a green office culture, we post water-saving, energy-saving, and other
      environmental signs in office areas to remind employees to practice resource conservation and environmentally friendly
      behaviors in their daily work.

      We practice the concept of green development in the procurement process. By leveraging a digital procurement system
      and collaborating closely with suppliers, we ensure a low-carbon, transparent and efficient green supply chain to
      enhance procurement efficiency and secure sustainable sourcing practices, thus laying a solid foundation for building an
      environmentally friendly supply chain ecosystem.


122   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

7.2   Emissions Management
On the basis of ensuring compliance with emissions regulations, we actively adopt advanced technologies and scientific
methods to manage our pollutant emissions, minimizing the environmental impact of our operations and R&D activities.

7.2.1 Solid waste management
We strictly comply with laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》) and follow the Company’s
internally established non-hazardous waste management procedures. During the collection, storage, transportation,
utilization, and disposal of general solid waste, we rigorously implement preventive measures such as dust prevention,
loss prevention, and leakage prevention. We strictly prohibit unauthorized dumping, stacking, discarding, or spilling of
solid waste and encourage all departments to actively recycle and reuse solid waste to eliminate the random discharge
and stacking of waste. For the disposal of general solid waste, the Company entrust qualified third parties to collect and
recycle it, ensuring efficient utilization and resource recovery. Additionally, we require all departments to classify and handle
domestic waste and dump it at designated temporary storage points, ensuring standardized and orderly management of
non-hazardous solid waste.

7.2.2 Hazardous waste management
The Company’s hazardous waste primarily includes laboratory waste, laboratory waste liquids, bio-experiment-contaminated
solid waste, bio-experiment waste liquids, waste chemicals, spent activated carbon, and sludge generated from wastewater
treatment. We adhere to relevant laws and regulations such as the Measures for the Prevention and Control of Environmental
Pollution by Waste Hazardous Chemicals and have established and implemented internal systems such as the Hazardous
Waste Management Methods and the Hazardous Chemical Safety Management System to ensure compliant disposal of
hazardous waste.

The Company implements a comprehensive lifecycle management for hazardous waste, ensuring that industrial parks
strictly classify, label, and record hazardous waste in accordance with relevant regulations. At the same time, we exercise
strict control over the entire process of hazardous waste generation, storage, transfer, and disposal, entrusting qualified
third-party agencies to handle hazardous waste to ensure safe and compliant treatment. Additionally, we regularly conduct
training sessions for relevant employees on hazardous chemical management knowledge to enhance their safe operational
capabilities in practical work.

7.2.3 Wastewater management
We strictly manage wastewater in accordance with laboratory wastewater disposal standards. During the construction
and renovation of the Shanghai Zhangjiang Jichuang Park operational site, we incorporated wastewater disposal into
the overall planning to ensure closed-loop treatment and centralized discharge of wastewater. At the same time, the
Shenzhen operational site added an integrated wastewater treatment station in 2024, utilizing neutralization + coagulation
sedimentation processes to treat wastewater, ensuring that the treated wastewater consistently meets relevant discharge
standards. This wastewater treatment station can effectively handle wastewater generated during project R&D, as well as
various types of wastewater such as wastewater from lab coat cleaning. We continuously upgrade and renovate wastewater
disposal facilities to enhance the efficiency of wastewater disposal.

7.2.4 Waste gas management
 The Company’s air emissions are primarily derived from the volatilization of small quantities of chemical
 reagents, acids, alkalis, and organic solvents during the inspection process. We comply with relevant laws
 and regulations, including the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China
(《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》) and the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民
 共和國環境保護法》), ensuring that our air emissions meet the required standards. We have adopted air-supply fume hoods
 and planned unified waste gas treatment facilities. We actively implement equipment upgrades and process improvements
 to reduce atmospheric pollutant emissions and minimize the impact on the surrounding environment. In 2024, the waste
 gas treatment facilities were renovated at the Shenzhen Operation Site (深圳運營場地) by optimizing the existing exhaust
 stack system. The exhaust stacks were combined, and a two-stage activated carbon adsorption system was introduced,
 significantly improving the efficiency of waste gas treatment and ensuring compliant emission of waste gas pollutants.

                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   123
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      7.3    Resource Management
      In alignment with the trend of developing a green circular economy, we continuously strengthen resource management, set
      efficiency targets for resource usage, and promote the efficient use and proper protection of resources, effectively reducing
      waste and pollution.

      7.3.1 Energy management
      Improving energy efficiency is one of the key approaches in implementing our low-carbon strategy and addressing climate
      change. We are committed to reducing energy consumption and minimizing environmental impact while driving business
      development, thereby promoting sustainable growth.

      The Company’s energy usage primarily consists of purchased electricity and heating and cooling sources. We have set
      energy consumption reduction targets to reduce energy consumption intensity by 12% by 2030 and by 25% by 2040.
      To achieve this goal, we keep enhancing energy efficiency through refined energy management, process and technology
      optimization, and the application of automation technologies.


       Green R&D Empowered by Automated Lab Platform

       Combined with high-precision big data analysis and AI models, our self-developed automated lab platform has enabled
       a more intelligent and automated R&D model. Through our in-house automation system, XtalDynamics, we have reduced
       the required number of physical experiments by 80%, effectively lowering energy consumption and waste emissions. Our
       automation platform has not only delivered significant resource savings and energy conservation and emission reduction
       benefits to the Company, but also empowered clients to conduct green R&D, driving rapid development in other
       industries such as green energy and new materials. It plays an increasingly important role in helping our nation achieve
       the “dual carbon” goals.


       Energy-Saving and Environmental Protection Construction of New Facility in Shanghai

       In 2024, during the renovation process at the Zhangjiang Jichuang Park site in Shanghai, we strictly adhered to the
                                                                                 (
       Unified Standard for Energy Efficiency Design of Industrial Buildings 《工業建築節能設計統一標準》                     ). The ventilation
       system design was optimized by selecting high-efficiency, energy-saving and low-noise fans, and implementing vibration
       reduction, isolation, and noise control measures, which not only reduced energy consumption but also minimized noise
       impact on the surrounding environment, ensuring that the power consumption per unit of airflow was below the national
       limit. The laboratory air conditioning system utilizes multi-split technology combined with the PID control logic of the
       HVAC system, which automatically optimizes energy-saving modes based on temperature and humidity requirements.
       Additionally, through scheduled ventilation and air conditioning on/off control, we achieve efficient energy management,
       thereby improving the overall energy efficiency.

       Furthermore, it introduced Bernoulli-type energy-saving fume hoods, which, compared to traditional fume hoods, reduce
       both exhaust and supply air volumes by approximately 50%. Half of the supply air is directly extracted from the outdoor
       air, eliminating the need for additional fresh air treatment, effectively lowering energy consumption and further enhancing
       energy-saving performance.




124   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report

7.3.2 Water resource management
We are committed to contributing to water resource conservation and have established specific water-saving targets. Using
2023 as the baseline year, we aim to reduce water intensity by 15% by 2030 and by 30% by 2040. In 2024, our water
consumption was reduced by 37% compared to 2023, significantly exceeding our target progress.

Our water usage primarily comes from municipal water supply, with consumption concentrated in R&D as well as production
processes, such as laboratory solution preparation, washing, and cleaning. We strictly manage water resources in
accordance with the Company’s environmental protection policies, effectively improving the management level of all water
usage processes.

We have implemented a series of measures to reduce water consumption, including regular faucet inspections to prevent
leaks and establishing a damage reporting mechanism to ensure timely repairs of any faults. Additionally, we raise
employee awareness of water conservation through the display of water-saving signage and water conservation campaigns,
encouraging all employees to embrace the concept of green office practices.

7.4   Addressing Climate Change
We place great importance on the risks and opportunities posed by climate change. In alignment with our business
characteristics, we systematically identify and assess both physical and transition risks related to climate change. At
the same time, we actively implement countermeasures to mitigate the potential impacts of climate change risks on our
operations and R&D activities.

Through a comprehensive ESG governance framework, we continuously identify and update the potential climate-related
risks and opportunities, and assess their direct and indirect impacts on the Company’s operations under the supervision
of the Board of Directors. Guided by the ESG Group, various functional departments carry out daily identification and
management of climate-related risks, develop response strategies, and regularly review the progress of climate change risk
management efforts. We actively promote management measures, such as energy-saving, emission reduction, and green
operations, to ensure that carbon emissions are reduced and energy efficiency is improved in our daily operations.

The impact of climate change on the Company is primarily reflected in two areas: R&D activities and logistics operations.
Leveraging artificial intelligence and automated experimental technologies for drug development, we need to control
temperature and humidity during experiments to ensure the accuracy of results. Extreme weather events could affect
the energy consumption demands of our laboratories, leading to increased operational costs. Furthermore, global supply
chain fluctuations and rising transportation costs due to climate change may also impact the Company’s raw material
procurement and product delivery. Therefore, the Company has incorporated carbon emission management into its supply
chain management system. We aim to reduce climate-related risks by optimizing logistics routes, enhancing transportation
efficiency, and using low-carbon packaging materials.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   125
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             Risk Type                        Risk Manifestations and Impacts                     Countermeasures Against Risks

                                    Extreme weather: Global climate change is                 —   Establishing emergency plans and
                                    leading to an increase in extreme weather events              drill mechanisms: Regularly conducting
                                    such as heatwaves, heavy rainfall, and flooding,              ex treme weather simulation drills to
                                    which may impact the R&D experimental                         enhance employees’ ability to respond to
                                    environment and the stability of the supply chain.            emergencies.
                                                                                              —   Enhancing infrastructure resilience:
                                                                                                  Strengthening flood and wind resistance
                                                                                                  d e signs for la borator y a nd storag e
                                                                                                  facilities, and optimizing drainage
          Physical risks                                                                          systems.

                                    Energy supply instability: As the global energy           —   Setting up emergency power supply
                                    transition progresses, certain regions may face               measu r es: Equipping facilities with
                                    fluctuations in energy supply, leading to higher              backup power generation devices.
                                    electricity costs.                                        —   Implementing energy management:
                                                                                                  Promoting energy-efficient equipment,
                                                                                                  optimizing energy consumption scheduling,
                                                                                                  and improving energy utilization efficiency
                                                                                                  in laboratories and office areas.

                                    Policy and regulatory changes: Stricter domestic          —   Enhancing policy adaptation capabilities:
                                    and international regulations on carbon emissions             Closely tracking domestic and international
                                    and environmental protection, along with the                  climate policy trends and adjusting
                                    implementation of carbon pricing mechanisms, may              operational strategies accordingly.
                                    increase our operational costs.

                                    Market and technological changes: The rapid               —   Promoting green R&D: Leveraging our
         Transition risks           development of green technologies is driving the              R&D advantages to increase investment
                                    industry towards a low-carbon model. At the same              in green technology R&D.
                                    time, client focus on sustainability is rising. Failure   —   Applying artificial intelligence and
                                    to adjust low-carbon technology application                   automation technologies: Using artificial
                                    strategies in time may place the Company at a                 intelligence and simulation technologies to
                                    competitive disadvantage in the industry.                     reduce resource consumption during
                                                                                                  experiments.


      We have established a comprehensive emergency plan and optimized energy management through remote control software
      to ensure stable operations during extreme weather events or fluctuations in energy supply. At the same time, we continue
      to drive innovation in low-carbon technologies and artificial intelligence systems, accelerating the achievement of both our
      own and societal carbon goals.




126   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

7.5   Green Empowerment
We are committed to driving green and sustainable development through innovative technologies. By leveraging our
resources, we aim to facilitate the low-carbon and green transformation of industries, contributing to building a low-carbon
and green future.


 AI-Driven Green Agricultural R&D: Pesticide Polymorph Research Project

 The importance of solid-state pesticide research is increasingly prominent. Based on the dual cores of physical-chemical
 theory and artificial intelligence theory, XtalPi has established a cyclic optimization and iteration process that integrates
 platforms, algorithms, and experiments under the “experiment + computation” R&D model, which continuously refines
 and iterates R&D outcomes, helping pesticide companies improve the stability, hygroscopicity, solubility, biological
 activity and product quality of pesticides, shorten project development cycles, improve pesticide utilization, reduce
 pollution, and enhance profitability through patent strategies, thereby expanding application value. We provide
 advanced, high-quality, and efficient solid-state drug R&D services to accelerate the drug R&D process.


 AI-Powered New Energy Material R&D: Strategic Collaboration Between XtalPi and the GCL Group

 In August 2024, we signed a five-year strategic cooperation agreement with the GCL Group to strengthen AI
 applications in the energy sector and accelerate the commercialization of artificial intelligence in the energy industry,
 setting a benchmark for AI applications in the sector. We provide the GCL Group with R&D services for high-tech new
 energy materials, including perovskites, supramolecules, lithium-ion batteries, cathode materials, and carbon-silicon
 materials, and jointly build a customized large-model + automation platform for the materials sector, advancing the
 industrial intelligence and paradigm upgrade of AI-powered new energy industry R&D. Additionally, the collaboration
 plans to jointly establish a New Material Research Institute in the Shenzhen Hetao Cooperation Zone (深圳河套合作區) to
 promote the green, low-carbon, and high-quality development in China’s energy industry.


8.    GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY
We adhere to the principle of “AI for Good” and actively fulfill our social responsibilities, being committed to the fields
of education, science popularization, and social welfare. We encourage our employees to participate in public welfare
initiatives. Through innovative technologies and concrete actions, we give back to society.

8.1   Education and Science Popularization
In 2024, we conducted multiple science popularization lectures and activities through a blended “online + offline” model,
aiming to enhance the public’s scientific literacy and contribute to social development.


 Online Public Lecture: Innovation in Drug R&D Driven by Digitalization and Automation

 On April 9, 2024, Dr. Yang Mingjun, Chief R&D Scientist of XtalPi, participated in Kaisi Club (愷思俱樂部)’s series of
 public lectures on digitalization in the pharmaceutical industry and delivered a presentation titled “Innovation in Drug R&D
 Driven by Digitalization and Automation” (《數智化和自動化驅動藥物研發創新》). Starting from the evolution of drug R&D
 models, key technological elements, and industry pain points, Dr. Yang systematically introduced XtalPi’s innovative
 platforms and practical cases in the fields of digitalization and automation, followed by an in-depth discussion on the
 future trends of drug R&D.

                Public Lecture on Innovation in Drug R&D Driven by Digitalization and Automation




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   127
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      We have meticulously designed a series of science and technology popularization and education activities, focusing on
      inspiring the enthusiasm for scientific exploration among youth, laying the foundation for nurturing future talents in science
      and technology.


       Future Scientists: Summer Science and Technology Popularization and Research Learning Activities

       We have specially launched the “Future Scientist” research and study brand targeting primary and secondary school
       groups, giving full play to the strengths of the laboratory of XtalPi and our team of scientists to present students with
       scenarios of new quality productivity beyond textbooks and classrooms, aiding the nation in cultivating future scientific
       and technological innovation talents. At present, the Company has hosted 500 students and received widespread
       acclaim.




       We have partnered with Kailan Education (開瀾教育) and Zhangjiang Science Hall Science Festival (張江科學會堂科普季
       ) to host special events of science and technology popularization and education on new quality productivity under the
       theme of “Future Scientist” in Shenzhen and Shanghai, respectively. In addition, we were invited to participate in the
       “Future City” AI Innovation Workshop organized by Shanghai Zhangjiang (Group) Co., Ltd, where we hosted a
       specialized session titled “Future Scientists: AI Empowering Drug Development”.

                                                 “Future Scientist” Research and Study Brand of XtalPi




128   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Public Courses Sharing: “How to Invent a Drug” and “Robotic Arms and Degrees of Freedom Sharing”

We innovated the model of “Party Building + Public Welfare” and gave full play to the vanguard and exemplary role of
Party members. Relying on professional advantages, representatives of Party members have elaborately created public
welfare courses such as “How to Invent a Drug” and “Robotic Arms and Degrees of Freedom Sharing”, popularizing
scientific knowledge to children in an easy-to-understand way, stimulating their interest in exploration and cultivating
their innovative thinking.

In the online small class, instructor Zhao Sen used vivid metaphors and animated characters such as Aladdin and Iron
Man to explain the drug development process, the “clairvoyance” and “clairaudience” of scientists, as well as the clinical
trial stages before a new drug is launched to the children.

                                   Public Courses Sharing “How to Invent a Drug”




In the class, instructor Liu Yang explained the principle of degrees of freedom in an easy-to-understand manner to the
children. Using a robotic arm as an example, he extended the concept to the human arm, guiding the children to find
related examples in their daily lives. Following this, the children also participated in the practical operation experience of
the AGV, combining theoretical knowledge with practical application to deepen the understanding of the principle of
degrees of freedom.

                    Public Courses Sharing “Robotic Arms and Degrees of Freedom Sharing”




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   129
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      8.2    Social Welfare
      We have always actively paid attention to community needs and carried out social welfare activities through various
      channels. We support youth education through charitable scholarship programs, striving to improve educational equity and
      quality. At the same time, we organize our employees to actively participate in environmental protection activities, putting
      the concept of sustainable development into practice with concrete actions.

      We actively engage in student aid activities, collaborating with the Guangdong Provincial Education Foundation to donate
      discarded computer displays, aiding the development of regions with scarce educational resources. Meanwhile, we
      participate in the “Minor Protection Action” launched by the Shenzhen Longhua Administration of Civil Affairs, donating
      related products of research and study for special education to support the education of children with special needs.


       Student Aid: Computer Donation Campaign

       In November 2024, we joined hands with the Guangdong Provincial Education Foundation to conduct donation activities
       for used office equipment in Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing. A total of 198 computers were donated, which will be
       used to set up 2 large computer classrooms. The Guangdong Provincial Education Foundation awarded XtalPi with
       certificate of honor and letter of appreciation, recognizing our outstanding contribution to this event.

                                        Certificate of Honor and Letter of Appreciation Received by XtalPi




130   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report


 “Minor Protection Action” Special Education Donation Activity

 We actively participate in public welfare initiatives, and support the “Minor Protection Action” special education donation
 activity organized by the Shenzhen Longhua Administration of Civil Affairs (Disabled Persons’ Federation) by providing
 research and study materials. This initiative aims to offer higher quality educational support to children with special
 needs, helping them better integrate into society. Our close collaboration with the Shenzhen Longhua Administration of
 Civil Affairs has enabled us to provide essential material support for special education programs, contributing to the
 educational development of children with special needs.

                           “Minor Protection Action” Special Education Donation Activity




We actively promote environmental protection causes and actively guide employees to engage in environmental protection
practices by organizing the “Recycling of Used Bottles” salon event.


 “Recycling of Used Bottles” Environmental Protection Salon Event

 On March 8, the Women’s Day, we meticulously planned and hosted the “Recycling of Used Bottles” salon event across
 our offices in Shenzhen, Beijing and Shanghai. The event specially invited employees to bring unused bottles and jars
 from their homes to the venue. Through DIY acrylic painting, these discarded items were ingeniously transformed into
 unique pieces of art, achieving the eco-friendly reuse of old objects.

                                  “Recycling of Used Bottles” Salon Event of XtalPi




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   131
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      APPENDIX I KEY PERFORMANCE TABLES
      Environmental Performance Table

          Indicators                                                        Unit                                                       2024

          Greenhouse Gas Emissions4

          Total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 & Scope 2)                tCO2e                                                  6,625.51

          Indirect greenhouse gas emission (Scope 2)                        tCO2e                                                  6,625.51

          Intensity of greenhouse gas emissions by revenue                  tCO2e/RMB million revenue                                  24.87

          Waste

          Total amount of hazardous waste                                   Tonne                                                    242.96

          Intensity of hazardous waste by revenue                           Tonne/RMB million revenue                                   0.91

          Total amount of non-hazardous waste                               Tonne                                                      92.59

          Intensity of non-hazardous waste by revenue                       Tonne/RMB million revenue                                   0.35

          Water Sourcing

          Water consumption from tap water/municipal water                  Tonne                                                 19,939.00

          Intensity of water consumption by revenue                         Tonne/RMB million revenue                                  74.84

          Energy Consumption5

          Indirect Energy Consumption

          Consumption of purchased electricity                              Mwh                                                    7,806.31

          Comprehensive Energy Consumption

          Comprehensive energy consumption (indirect)                       tce                                                    1,488.55

          Total comprehensive energy consumption                            tce                                                    1,488.55

          Intensity of total energy consumption by revenue                  tce/RMB million revenue                                     5.44




      4       The primary sources of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for XtalPi stem from the use of purchased electricity and purchased
              cooling/heating sources, with no Scope 1 GHG emissions involved. The Scope 2 GHG emissions data are calculated based on the
              2022 national average CO2 emission factor for grid electricity (excluding non-fossil energy electricity volumes from market-based
              transactions), as published in the Announcement on the 2022 CO2 Emission Factors for Grid Electricity issued by the Ministry of
              Ecology and Environment of the People’s Republic of China.
      5       The accounting of energy consumption at operating locations in China was based on the General Rules for Calculating
              Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB2589–2020) (《 綜 合 能 耗 計 算 通 則》) issued by the State Administration for Market
              Supervision and the Standardization Administration of People’s Republic of China.


132   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Social Performance Table

 Indicators                                                   Unit                                        2024

 Supplier

 Total number of suppliers                                    Entity                                        615

 Number of suppliers by region

 Mainland China                                               Entity                                        591

 Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan and overseas                     Entity                                         24

 Employee Employment

 By employment category

 Total number of full-time employees                          Person                                        753

 Total number of part-time employees                          Person                                         56

 By region

 Number of employees in mainland China                        Person                                        714

 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan           Person                                           7

 Number of employees overseas                                 Person                                         32

 By gender

 Male employees                                               Person                                        432

 Female employees                                             Person                                        321

 By age

 < 30                                                         Person                                        267

 30–50                                                        Person                                        480

 > 50                                                         Person                                           6

 By position

 Senior Management                                            Person                                         23

 Middle Management                                            Person                                         32

 Non-management employees                                     Person                                        698

 Employee turnover rate

 Total turnover rate                                          %                                          10.30

 By gender

 Turnover rate of male employees                              %                                            5.83

 Turnover rate of female employees                            %                                            4.47

 By age

 Turnover rate of employees under 30                          %                                            3.66

 Turnover rate of employees aged 30–50                        %                                            6.64

 Turnover rate of employees over 50                           %                                            0.00



                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   133
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

       Indicators                                                  Unit               2024

       By region

       Turnover rate of employees in mainland China                %                   9.49

       Turnover rate of employees in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan   %                   0.14

       Turnover rate of employees outside China                    %                   0.68

       Health and Safety

       Number of work injuries                                     Case                  0

       Number of work-related fatalities                           Person                0

       Rate of work-related fatalities                             %                     0

       Lost days due to work injury — Employee                     Day                   0

       Training and Development

       Percentage of trained employees                             %                    79

       Total employee training hours                               Hour               4,275

       Average training investment per employee                    RMB ten thousand     0.1

       Percentage of employees trained by gender

       Male employees                                              %                    56

       Female employees                                            %                    44

       Percentage of employees trained by position

       Senior Management                                           %                     3

       Middle Management                                           %                     4

       Non-management employees                                    %                    93

       Average training hours completed per employee               Hour                 5.7

       Average training hours completed per employee by gender

       Male employees                                              Hour                 5.4

       Female employees                                            Hour                 6.1

       Average training hours completed per employee by position

       Senior Management                                           Hour                 9.1

       Middle Management                                           Hour                 5.5

       Non-management employees                                    Hour                 5.6

       Product quality and safety

       Number of client complaints                                 Case                  0

       Client satisfaction                                         %                    95

       Number of product recall batches                            Batch                 0




134   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report

 Indicators                                                                  Unit                                        2024

 Intellectual Property

 Number of patent applications                                               Case                                          110

 Number of authorized patents                                                Case                                           67

 Number of registered trademarks                                             Case                                          281

 Number of copyrights                                                        Case                                           71

 Number of patents                                                           Case                                          225

 Social Welfare

 Charitable donations                                                        RMB ten thousand                               65


Governance Performance Table

 Indicators                                                                  Unit                                        2024

 Business Ethics and Anti-corruption

 Total hours of business ethics and anti-corruption training for Directors   Hour                                           14

 Average hours spent by management on business ethics and
 anti-corruption training                                                    Hour/person                                   0.5

 Number of management participating in business ethics and
 anti-corruption training                                                    Person-time                                      5

 Average hours spent by employees on business ethics and anti-corruption
 training                                                                    Hour/person                                   0.5

 Number of employees participating in business ethics and anti-corruption
 training                                                                    Person-time                                   168

 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought
 against the Company or its employees                                        Case                                             0




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   135
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

      APPENDIX II HKEX INDEX
       ESG Aspects and General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)                                                               Sections
       Environmental
       A1: Emissions            General          Information on:                                                                               7.2 Emissions Management
                                Disclosure       (a)     the policies; and
                                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                                         the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water
                                                         and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
                                A1.1             The types of emissions and respective emissions data                                          7.2 Emissions Management
                                                                                                                                               Key Performance Table
                                A1.2             Repealed 1 January 2025                                                                       /
                                A1.3             Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per        Key Performance Table
                                                 unit of production volume, per facility)
                                A1.4             Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g.        Key Performance Table
                                                 per unit of production volume, per facility)
                                A1.5             Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them                         7.2 Emissions Management
                                                                                                                                               7.4 Addressing Climate Change
                                A1.6             Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description          7.2 Emissions Management
                                                 of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them
       A2: Use of Resources General              Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw             7.3 Resource Management
                            Disclosure           materials.                                                                                    7.4 Addressing Climate Change
                                A2.1             Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total     Key Performance Table
                                                 (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility)
                                A2.2             Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility)   Key Performance Table
                                A2.3             Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them            7.3 Resource Management
                                A2.4             Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water    7.3 Resource Management
                                                 efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them
                                A2.5             Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with      Our business does not involve the
                                                 reference to per unit produced                                                                management and use of packaging
                                                                                                                                               materials
       A3: The Environment      General          Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on the environment and natural        7.1 Environmental Management
           and Natural          Disclosure       resources.
           Resources
                                A3.1             Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural           7.1 Environmental Management
                                                 resources and the actions taken to manage them




136   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                            Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG Aspects and General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)                                                            Sections
Social
B1: Employment        General          Information on:                                                                               6.1 Compliant Employment
                      Disclosure       (a)     the policies; and
                                       (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                               the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
                                               working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and
                                               other benefits and welfare.
                      B1.1             Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age group       6.1 Compliant Employment
                                       and geographical region                                                                       Key Performance Table
                      B1.2             Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region                           Key Performance Table
B2: Health and Safety General          Information on:                                                                               6.4 Occupational Health and
                      Disclosure       (a)     the policies; and                                                                     Safety
                                       (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                               the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
                                               employees from occupational hazards.
                      B2.1             Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years           6.4 Occupational Health and Safety
                                       including the reporting year                                                                  Key Performance Table
                      B2.2             Lost days due to work injury                                                                  6.4 Occupational Health and Safety
                                                                                                                                     Key Performance Table
                      B2.3             Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are              6.4 Occupational Health and
                                       implemented and monitored                                                                     Safety
B3: Development and General            Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work.         6.2 Training and Development
    Training        Disclosure         Description of training activities.
                      B3.1             The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior              6.2 Training and Development
                                       management, middle management)                                                                Key Performance Table
                      B3.2             The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category             6.2 Training and Development
                                       (e.g. senior management, middle management)                                                   Key Performance Table
B4: Labour Standards General           Information on:                                                                               6.1 Compliant Employment
                     Disclosure        (a)     the policies; and
                                       (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                               the issuer relating to prevention of child or forced labour.
                      B4.1             Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour       6.1 Compliant Employment
                      B4.2             Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered                        6.1 Compliant Employment
B5: Supply Chain      General          Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.                      5.1 Responsible Procurement
    Management        Disclosure
                      B5.1             Number of suppliers by geographical region                                                    Key Performance Table
                      B5.2             Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the        5.1 Responsible Procurement
                                       practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored
                      B5.3             Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply     5.1 Responsible Procurement
                                       chain, and how they are implemented and monitored
                      B5.4             Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and              5.1 Responsible Procurement
                                       services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   137
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

       ESG Aspects and General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)                                                                Sections
       B6: Product Liability    General          Information on:                                                                                4.2 Quality Assurance
                                Disclosure       (a)     the policies; and
                                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                                         the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
                                                         relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
                                B6.1             Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health          Key Performance Table
                                                 reasons
                                B6.2             Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with         4.3 Client Service
                                                                                                                                                Key Performance Table
                                B6.3             Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights     4.1 Innovation-driven
                                B6.4             Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures                                 4.2 Quality Assurance
                                B6.5             Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are                 4.3 Client Service
                                                 implemented and monitored
       B7: Anti-corruption      General          Information on:                                                                                3.2 Business Ethics and
                                Disclosure       (a)     the policies; and                                                                      Anti-corruption
                                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                                                         the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
                                B7.1             Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer         3.2 Business Ethics and
                                                 or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases                     Anti-corruption
                                                                                                                                                Key Performance Table
                                B7.2             Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are            3.2 Business Ethics and
                                                 implemented and monitored                                                                      Anti-corruption
                                B7.3             Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff                        3.2 Business Ethics and
                                                                                                                                                Anti-corruption
                                                                                                                                                Key Performance Table
       B8: Community            General          Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where              8.2 Social Welfare
           Investment           Disclosure       the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities’
                                                 interests.
                                B8.1             Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs,             8.1 Education and Science
                                                 health, culture, sport)                                                                        Popularization
       8.2 Social Welfare
                                B8.2             Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area                                   8.1 Education and Science
                                                                                                                                                Popularization
                                                                                                                                                8.2 Social Welfare
                                                                                                                                                Key Performance Table




138   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report

TO SHAREHOLDERS OF XTALPI HOLDINGS LIMITED
(formerly known as “QuantumPharm Inc.”)
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of XtalPi Holdings Limited (formerly known as “QuantumPharm Inc.”) (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 144 to 217, comprise:

•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2024;

•    the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
     explanatory information.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
(“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   139
      Independent Auditor’s Report

      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
      on these matters.

      Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

      •      Revenue recognition

      •      Fair value measurement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss classified as level 3 financial instruments

      Key Audit Matter                                                    How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Revenue recognition

      Refer to Note 5 to consolidated financial statements.               Our procedures in relation to this key audit matter included:

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group                   —    we obtained an understanding of, evaluated and
      recognised revenue of RMB266,433,000 primarily from                      tested , on a sample basis, the Group’s relevant
      sales of intelligent robotics solutions and drug discovery               internal controls in relation to revenue recognition;
      solutions.
                                                                          —    we tested the sales transactions, on a sample basis,
      Management identified distinct performance obligations in                by examining the relevant supporting documents
      the contracts with customers and allocated the transaction               including underlying sales contracts, correspondence
      price to each performance obligation, which required                     for delivery and customers’ acceptance receipts;
      significant management’s judgment and interpretation on
      the terms of the contracts. Revenue was recognised upon             —    we evaluated the identification of distinct performance
      transfer of control of goods or services, at a point in time or          obligations, transaction price allocation and revenue
      over time, depending on the nature of the arrangements.                  recognition criteria of the identified performance
                                                                               obligation determined by management, on a sample
      We focus on this area due to the level of management’s                   basis, by inspecting the sales contracts; and
      judgment involved in identifying, allocating of transaction
      price and fulfilling of the performance obligations.                —    we circulated confirmations, on a sample basis, to the
                                                                               customers to confirm the sales transactions for the
                                                                               year and respective trade receivable balances as at
                                                                               the year end date.

                                                                          Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                                          the management’s judgment involved in the identifying,
                                                                          allocating of transaction price and fulfilling of the
                                                                          performance obligations was supported by the evidence
                                                                          obtained.




140   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report

Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Fair value measurement of financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss classified as Level 3
financial instruments

Refer to notes 3.3 and 20 to the consolidated financial         Our procedures in relation to this key audit matter included:
statements.
                                                                —    we obtained an understanding of management’s
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s financial assets at              valuation process and internal controls, evaluated
fair value through profit or loss totalled RMB2,341,109,000,         and tested, on a sample basis, the Group’s
of which RMB531,088,000 related to investments in                    relevant internal controls in relation to the fair value
preference shares, convertible debts of unlisted entities and        measurement of level 3 financial instruments, including
investments in private equity funds which were measured              management’s selection of valuation methods and
based on significant unobservable inputs and classified as           significant assumptions in the valuation;
“Level 3 financial instruments”.
                                                                —    we assessed the valuation of the investments in
The determination of the fair value of investments in                preference shares, convertible debts of unlisted
preference shares, convertible debts of unlisted entities            entities and investments in private equity funds, on
and investments in private equity funds required significant         a sample basis, with the involvement of our internal
management’s judgments, including the use of appropriate             valuation experts, as follows:
valuation methods, assumptions and unobservable
inputs. Management applied valuation methods including               •     we assessed the appropriateness of valuation
back-solve approach, market approach and others, and                       methods adopted;
significant assumptions including recent transaction price,
expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and discount for        •     we evaluated the significant assumptions
lack of marketability (“DLOM”).                                            including expected volatility, risk-free interest
                                                                           rate and DLOM based on our industry
We focused on this area due to the significant                             knowledge and independent research performed
management’s judgments and assumptions involved in                         by us, and recent transaction prices by
determining the fair value of the investments in preference                examining relevant supporting evidence; and
shares, convertible debts of unlisted entities and
investments in private equity funds.                                 •     we tested the arithmetical accuracy of the
                                                                           valuation computation.

                                                                Based on the procedures performed, we found that the
                                                                management’s judgments and assumptions involved in the
                                                                valuation of investments in preference shares, convertible
                                                                debts of unlisted entities and investments in private equity
                                                                funds classified as level 3 financial instruments were
                                                                supported by the evidence obtained.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   141
      Independent Auditor’s Report

      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
      information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
      our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
      financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
      as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
      accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
      but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
      report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
      liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not
      a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
      reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
      statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




142   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
     required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
     if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
     up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
     as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
     statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
     the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeung Yee Mau.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   143
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                Note             RMB’000          RMB’000

      Revenues                                                                   5                266,433          174,420
      Research and development expenses                                          6               (418,238)        (480,664)
      General and administrative expenses                                        6               (417,883)        (295,986)
      Contract fulfillment costs                                                 6               (143,007)        (126,178)
      Selling and marketing expenses                                             6                (70,992)          (62,482)
      Impairment losses on financial assets                                    3.1(b)              (1,228)             (217)
      Other income                                                               7                 65,914            27,513
      Other gains, net                                                           8                 34,794            41,282


      Operating loss                                                                             (684,207)        (722,312)


      Finance income                                                                               55,642          102,693
      Finance expenses                                                                             (6,757)          (9,575)


      Finance income, net                                                        9                 48,885           93,118


      Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares           32              (875,356)       (1,275,165)


      Share of net losses of investments accounted for using equity method       19                    (4,191)       (1,964)


      Loss before income tax                                                                   (1,514,869)       (1,906,323)
      Income tax expense                                                         10                    —                 —


      Loss for the year                                                                        (1,514,869)       (1,906,323)


      (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to:
      Equity holders of the Company                                                            (1,516,606)       (1,914,384)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                     1,737             8,061


                                                                                               (1,514,869)       (1,906,323)


      Loss per share for loss attributable to equity holders
        of the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                              11
      Basic loss per share                                                                              (0.79)         (3.96)
      Diluted loss per share                                                                            (0.79)         (3.96)




      The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

144   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2024                        2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000

Loss for the year                                                                        (1,514,869)                 (1,906,323)


Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
— Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable
     preferred shares due to own credit risk                                                 (19,774)                    (20,111)
— Currency translation differences                                                           (25,553)                    (77,949)

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
— Currency translation differences                                                            26,565                     (15,492)


Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                            (18,762)                   (113,552)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                    (1,533,631)                 (2,019,875)


Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                            (1,536,017)                 (2,028,164)
Non-controlling interests                                                                     2,386                       8,289


                                                                                         (1,533,631)                 (2,019,875)




The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   145
      Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                Note             RMB’000         RMB’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                              15               320,397            369,887
      Right-of-use assets                                                        16                90,920            189,250
      Intangible assets                                                          17                 7,743              7,869
      Investments accounted for using the equity method                          19                25,836             23,841
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      20               555,060            424,023
      Prepayments                                                                23                18,251             24,916
      Term deposits                                                              25                21,266             20,552


                                                                                                1,039,473       1,060,338


      Current assets
      Contract costs                                                            5(a)               25,671          37,891
      Trade and note receivables                                                22                 98,746          38,506
      Contract assets                                                           5(b)                3,586              —
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               23                 85,132          41,147
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     20              1,786,049         863,368
      Restricted cash                                                           24                    797           2,337
      Term deposits                                                             25                149,138       1,251,353
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                 26              1,166,148         710,761


                                                                                                3,315,267       2,945,363


      Total assets                                                                              4,354,740       4,005,701


      Equity
      Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
      Share capital                                                              33                   237               50
      Other reserves                                                             34            12,535,678         (227,110)
      Accumulated losses                                                                       (8,572,161)      (7,040,349)


                                                                                                3,963,754       (7,267,409)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                    28,553           26,167


      Total equity/(deficits)                                                                   3,992,307       (7,241,242)




      The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

146   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2024                        2023
                                                                          Note             RMB’000                     RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                          16                 64,905                   137,183
Convertible redeemable preferred shares                                    32                     —                 10,780,342
Deferred government grants                                                 30                 17,804                    32,042


                                                                                              82,709                10,949,567


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                            27                 16,143                       13,654
Other payables and accruals                                               28                157,051                      131,289
Short-term bank borrowings                                                29                 51,900                       60,000
Derivative financial instruments                                          31                     —                           560
Deferred government grants                                                30                  5,754                        7,433
Contract liabilities                                                      5(c)               16,916                       25,658
Lease liabilities                                                         16                 31,960                       58,782


                                                                                            279,724                      297,376


Total liabilities                                                                           362,433                 11,246,943


Total equity/(deficits) and liabilities                                                   4,354,740                   4,005,701




The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   147
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                         Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                 Non-         Total
                                                                         Share             Other      Accumulated                          controlling      equity/
                                                                        capital         reserves           losses             Total          interests    (deficits)
                                                              Note     RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

      Balance at 1 January 2024                                             50          (227,110)        (7,040,349)       (7,267,409)         26,167    (7,241,242)

      Loss for the year                                                      —                 —         (1,516,606)       (1,516,606)          1,737    (1,514,869)
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
      Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable
        preferred shares due to own credit risk                34            —            (19,774)               —              (19,774)           —        (19,774)
      Currency translation differences                         34            —                363                —                  363           649         1,012

      Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                         —            (19,411)       (1,516,606)       (1,536,017)          2,386    (1,533,631)

      Transactions with equity holders
      Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred
         shares to ordinary shares                            33, 34       173        11,721,245                 —        11,721,418               —     11,721,418
      Transfer of accumulated changes in fair value due to
         own credit risk upon derecognition of Convertible
         redeemable Preferred Shares                           34            —            15,206            (15,206)                 —             —             —
      Issuance of ordinary shares initial public offering
         (“IPO”), net of underwriting commissions and other
         issuance costs                                       33, 34        14           901,648                 —              901,662            —       901,662
      Equity-settled share-based compensation-value
         of employee services                                 34, 35         —           136,678                 —              136,678            —       136,678
      Proceeds from exercise of share options                   34           —             7,422                 —                7,422            —         7,422

      Total transactions with equity holders                               187        12,782,199            (15,206)      12,767,180               —     12,767,180


      Balance at 31 December 2024                                          237        12,535,678         (8,572,161)        3,963,754          28,553     3,992,307


      Balance at 1 January 2023                                             50           (201,756)       (5,125,965)       (5,327,671)         17,878    (5,309,793)

      Loss for the year                                                      —                 —         (1,914,384)       (1,914,384)          8,061    (1,906,323)
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
      Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable
        preferred shares due to own credit risk                34            —            (20,111)               —              (20,111)           —        (20,111)
      Currency translation differences                         34            —            (93,669)               —              (93,669)          228       (93,441)

      Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                         —           (113,780)       (1,914,384)       (2,028,164)          8,289    (2,019,875)

      Transactions with equity holders
      Equity-settled share-based compensation-value
        of employee services                                   35            —            88,426                 —               88,426            —        88,426

      Total transactions with equity holders                                 —            88,426                 —               88,426            —        88,426


      Balance at 31 December 2023                                           50           (227,110)       (7,040,349)       (7,267,409)         26,167    (7,241,242)



      The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

148   XtalPi Holdings Limited     Annual Report 2024
                                                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2024                        2023
                                                                            Note           RMB’000                     RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operating activities                                       36(a)          (478,681)                    (567,564)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received from term deposits                                                          62,927                     102,122
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                       (58,108)                   (123,792)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                                           2                           84
Payments for purchase of intangible assets                                                    (3,759)                      (6,844)
Payments for acquisition of investments accounted for using
   equity method                                                             19                  (6,016)                   (2,000)
Payments for acquisition of investments in financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                    20          (2,438,563)                 (2,871,961)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                                 1,430,742                   2,298,231
Placement of term deposits                                                                 (419,604)                 (2,764,609)
Proceeds from maturity of term deposits                                                   1,498,630                   4,067,707
Changes in restricted cash                                                                    1,540                       3,095
Proceeds from government grants                                                               6,300                      33,550


Net cash generated from investing activities                                                  74,091                     735,583


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid for borrowings                                                                 (1,780)                       (1,554)
Payments of lease liabilities                                                               (51,780)                     (48,332)
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of underwriting commission                   904,518                            —
Payments of listing expenses                                                                 (2,856)                           —
Proceeds from draw down of bank borrowings                                                   61,900                       60,000
Repayments of short-term bank borrowings                                                    (70,000)                     (36,000)


Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                      840,002                      (25,886)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   435,412                      142,133
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           26             710,761                      574,219
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                19,975                       (5,591)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                 26           1,166,148                      710,761




The notes on pages 150 to 217 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      1      GENERAL INFORMATION
             XtalPi Holdings Limited (formerly known as QuantumPharm Inc.) (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman
             Islands on April 28, 2017 as an exempted company with limited liabilities. The address of its registered office is PO
             Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

             The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
             provision of intelligent robotics solutions and drug discovery solutions based on its innovative research platform driven
             by artificial intelligence (“AI”) and robotics technologies that is driving intelligent and digital innovations in life sciences
             and materials sciences. The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
             Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 13 June 2024.

             On 8 November 2024, a special resolution passed by the shareholders, the English name of the Company has been
             changed from “QuantumPharm Inc.” to “XtalPi Holdings Limited” with effect from 8 November 2024.

             The consolidated financial statements is presented in thousands of unit of Renminbi (RMB’000), unless otherwise
             stated.


      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
             The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below.
             These policies have been consistently applied throughout all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

             2.1    Basis of preparation
                    The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
                    Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of
                    the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on
                    a historical cost basis, except for financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, convertible redeemable
                    preferred shares and derivative financial instruments, which are carried at fair value.

                    The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
                    the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the
                    process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or
                    complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements
                    are disclosed in Note 4.

                    (a)     Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                            The Group has applied the following amendments to standards for the first time for their annual reporting
                            period commencing on 1 January 2024:

                            Amendments to IAS 1                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                            Amendments to IFRS 16                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                            Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7          Supplier Finance Arrangements

                            The adoption of these amended standards does not have any significant impact on the consolidated
                            financial statements of the Group.




150   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)
          (b)   New and amendments to standards not yet adopted
                The following new and amendments to standards have been issued but are not yet effective and have not
                been early adopted by the Group for the first time for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2024:

                                                                                                                   Effective for
                                                                                                                    accounting
                                                                                                             periods beginning
                                                                                                                    on or after

                Amendments to IAS 21            Lack of Exchangeability                                            1 January 2025
                Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Classification and Measurement of Financial                        1 January 2026
                                                  Instruments
                Annual Improvements to IFRS     Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting                             1 January 2026
                  Accounting Standards            Standards — Volume 11
                Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent                             1 January 2026
                                                  Electricity
                IFRS 18                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial                           1 January 2027
                                                  Statements
                IFRS 19                         Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:                        1 January 2027
                                                  Disclosures

                The directors have performed assessment on the above new and amendments to standards, and has
                concluded on a preliminary basis that these new and amendments to standards would not have a
                significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements when they become effective, except
                for IFRS 18 which will impact the presentation of profit and loss and result in additional disclosure in the
                consolidated financial statements. The Group is still in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of
                IFRS 18.

    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies
          2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
                (a)   Subsidiaries
                      Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                      Group controls an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                      involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
                      activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
                      to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                      Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                      companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                      evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                      changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                      Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive loss, statement of changes in
                      equity and balance sheet respectively.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)
                            (b)     Associates
                                    Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                                    control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                                    Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see (c) below),
                                    after initially being recognised at cost.

                            (c)     Equity accounting
                                    Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                                    thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                                    profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee
                                    in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from equity-accounted investments
                                    are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                                    Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                                    the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                                    losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity. Unrealised
                                    gains on transactions between the Group and its equity-accounted investments are eliminated to
                                    the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
                                    the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
                                    equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                                    policies adopted by the Group.

                                    The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the
                                    policy described in Note 2.2.5.

                            (d)     Changes in ownership interests
                                    The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                                    transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                                    between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                                    interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
                                    interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
                                    attributable to owners of the Group.

                                    When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
                                    control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its
                                    fair value, with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes
                                    the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest
                                    as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in
                                    other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly
                                    disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in
                                    other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

                                    If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant
                                    influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other
                                    comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.




152   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.2 Foreign currency translation
               (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                     Items included in the financial information of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                     the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                     currency”). Upon the listing of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
                     on 13 June 2024, the Company is expecting to transact its future operating and financing activities
                     primarily in Hong Kond Dollars (“HK$”). Consequently, the Company determined to change its
                     functional currency from United States Dollars (“US$”) to HK$. The functional currencies of its
                     overseas subsidiaries and PRC subsidiaries remain as US$ and RMB, respectively. The Consolidated
                     financial statements is presented in RMB, as the major operations of the Group are within the PRC.

               (b)   Transactions and balances
                     Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                     at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                     such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                     currencies at year-end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                     Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a
                     net basis within other gains, net.

                     Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                     exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and
                     liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation
                     differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit or
                     loss are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss, and translation differences on
                     non-monetary assets such as equities classified as at fair value through other comprehensive income
                     are recognised in other comprehensive income.

               (c)   Group companies
                     The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
                     inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                     translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                     (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                             date of that balance sheet;

                     (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive loss are translated at average
                             exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative
                             effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are
                             translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                     (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                     On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign
                     operations are taken to other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any
                     borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are
                     reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.3 Property, plant and equipment
                            Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                            impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
                            of the items. Construction in progress mainly represents leasehold improvements and lab equipment under
                            construction, which is stated at actual construction cost less accumulated impairment losses. Construction
                            in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property and equipment upon the completion of their
                            respective construction and depreciated over their respective estimated useful lives.

                            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                            appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                            the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
                            accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are
                            charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

                            Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values
                            over their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter lease term, as
                            follows:

                            Computer and office equipment                                                                     3 to 5 years
                            Lab equipment                                                                                    1 to 10 years
                            Leasehold improvements                                                    shorter of estimated useful lives and
                                                                                                                     remaining lease terms

                            The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                            reporting period.

                            An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                            amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.2.5).

                            The gains or losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
                            proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant assets and are recognised in profit or loss.

                    2.2.4 Intangible assets
                            (a)     System software licenses
                                    Acquired system software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and
                                    bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised using straight-line method over their
                                    estimated useful lives of one to ten years.




154   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.4 Intangible assets (Continued)
               (b)   Research and development
                     Costs incurred on development projects are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition criteria
                     are met, including:

                     •    it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use;

                     •    management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                     •    there is an ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

                     •    it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                          benefits;

                     •    adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
                          sell the intangible asset are available; and

                     •    the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                          measured.

                     Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the intangible asset include employee costs
                     and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.

                     Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at
                     which the asset is ready for use.

                     Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the criteria above are
                     recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are
                     not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.

                     There were no development costs meeting these criteria and capitalised as intangible assets as of 31
                     December 2024 and 2023.

          2.2.5 Impairment of non-financial assets
               Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
               amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amounts by which the asset’s
               carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s
               fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
               grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).
               Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of
               the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.6 Investment and other financial assets
                            (a)     Classification
                                    The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                                    •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or
                                           through profit or loss), and

                                    •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

                                    The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                                    contractual terms of the cash flows.

                                    For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
                                    comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                                    depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                                    account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                                    The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
                                    assets changes.

                            (b)     Recognition and derecognition
                                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, being the date on
                                    which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                                    rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                                    Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                            (c)     Measurements
                                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                                    financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to
                                    the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through
                                    profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

                                    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                                    their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




156   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.6 Investment and other financial assets (Continued)
               (c)   Measurements (Continued)
                     Debt instruments
                     Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                     the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into
                     which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                     •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                          flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                          Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                          interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                          or loss and presented in “other gains, net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                          Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or
                          loss.

                     •    Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”): Assets that are held for collection
                          of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
                          represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the
                          carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses,
                          interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss.
                          When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in
                          other comprehensive income (“OCI”) is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised
                          in “other gains, net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income
                          using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented
                          in “other gains, net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the
                          consolidated statement of comprehensive loss.

                     •    Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or
                          financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are measured at fair value
                          through profit or loss. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair
                          value through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other gains,
                          net” in the period in which it arises.

                     Equity instruments
                     The Group subsequently measures all equity instruments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                     management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity instruments in other
                     comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit
                     or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue
                     to be recognised in profit or loss as “other income” when the Group’s right to receive payments is
                     established.

                     Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) are
                     recognised in “other gains, net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as applicable.
                     Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at fair value
                     through other comprehensive income are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.6 Investment and other financial assets (Continued)
                            (d)     Impairment
                                    The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
                                    instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether
                                    there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                                    For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires
                                    expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                                    For other financial assets, it is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime
                                    expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since
                                    initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial
                                    recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

                    2.2.7 Contract fulfillment costs/contract costs
                            Costs to fulfill a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
                            identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or
                            services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract
                            or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labor, direct materials, costs that are
                            explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into
                            the contract.

                            The asset recognised from capitalising the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract is amortised on a systematic
                            basis consistent with the pattern of the transfer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
                            Capitalised costs might relate to an entire contract, or could relate only to specific performance obligations
                            within a contract. Impairment loss are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of an asset
                            exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that the entity expects to receive, less the costs that relate
                            directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as expenses.

                    2.2.8 Trade and note receivables
                            Trade and note receivables are amounts due from customers for the sale of goods or services performed
                            in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected in one year or less (or any
                            in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
                            presented as non-current assets.

                            Trade and note receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
                            unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
                            holds the trade and note receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
                            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. See Note 3.1(b) for
                            further information about the Group’s accounting for trade and note receivables and a description of the
                            Group’s impairment policies.




158   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.9 Cash and cash equivalents
              In the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
              held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of
              three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
              insignificant risk of changes in value.

          2.2.10 Convertible redeemable preferred shares
              Convertible redeemable preferred shares (“CRPS”) issued by the Company are redeemable at the option
              of the holder upon occurrence of certain events. These instruments can also be converted into ordinary
              shares of the Company at any time at the option of the holders, or automatically upon occurrence of an
              initial public offering of the Company, see Note 32 for details.

              The Group designated the CRPS as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. They are initially
              recognised at fair value. Any directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss. Fair
              value changes relating to market risk are recognised in profit or loss, the component of fair value changes
              relating to the Company’s own credit risk is recognised in other comprehensive income. Amounts recorded
              in other comprehensive income related to credit risk are not subject to recycling in profit or loss, but are
              transferred to accumulated losses when realised.

          2.2.11 Borrowings and borrowing costs
              Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
              subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and
              the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective
              interest method.

              Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is
              discharged, canceled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that
              has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash
              assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as other income or finance costs.

              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
              settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.

              General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
              production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete
              and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a
              substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.12 Employee benefits
                            (a)     Short-term obligations
                                    Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that
                                    are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees
                                    render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the
                                    reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                                    The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the consolidated balance
                                    sheets.

                            (b)     Pension obligations
                                    Full-time employees in the PRC are covered by various government-sponsored defined contribution
                                    pension plans under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension based on certain
                                    formulas. The relevant government agencies are responsible for the pension liability to these retired
                                    employees. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans. Under these plans,
                                    the Group has no further payment obligation for post-retirement benefits beyond the contributions
                                    made. Contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred and contributions paid to the defined-
                                    contribution pension plans for an employee are not available to reduce the Group’s future obligations
                                    to such defined contribution pension plans even if the employee leaves.

                            (c)     Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
                                    Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government supervised
                                    housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                                    monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject
                                    to certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable
                                    in each year. Contributions to the housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are
                                    expensed as incurred.

                            (d)     Bonus entitlements
                                    The expected cost of bonus payments is recognised as a liability when the Group has a present legal
                                    or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the
                                    obligation can be made. Liabilities of bonus plan are expected to be settled within 12 months and are
                                    measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

                            (e)     Termination benefits
                                    Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                                    retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits.
                                    The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group
                                    can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the Group recognises costs for a
                                    restructuring that is within the scope of IAS 37 and involves the payment of terminations benefits. In
                                    the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the termination benefits are measured
                                    based on the number of employees expected to accept the offer.




160   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.13 Share-based payments
               The Group operates an equity-settled share-based compensation plan (i.e. share option scheme and
               restricted share units (“RSUs”) scheme), under which the Group receives services from employees and
               others who provide similar services as employees (“Service Recipients”), as consideration for equity
               instruments of the Company. Share options and RSUs granted to the grantees of the Group are measured
               at the grant date based on the fair value of equity instruments and are recognised as an employee benefit
               expenses over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions
               are to be satisfied, with a corresponding increase in equity as “equity-settled share-based compensation
               reserve”.

               At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options and RSUs
               that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the impact
               of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

               The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options and RSUs
               granted:

               •    including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price),

               •    excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability
                    and remaining as an employee of the entity over a specified time period), and

               •    including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (e.g. the requirement for employees to save or hold
                    shares for a specific period of time).

          2.2.14 Government grants
               Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
               the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

               Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
               loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

               Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current
               liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
               expected lives of the related assets.

          2.2.15 Revenue recognition
               The Group provides intelligence robotics solutions to customers, which include solid-state R&D services,
               automated chemical synthesis services, XtalPi R&D solutions and others and drug discovery solutions.

               Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the services in the
               ordinary course of the Group’s activities and is recorded net of value-added tax (“VAT”). Revenue is shown,
               net of discounts and after eliminating sales between the Group companies.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)
                            (a)     Revenue from drug discovery solutions and solid-state R&D services
                                    The drug discovery solutions generally cover developmental stages from early hit generation to
                                    investigational new drugs (“IND”) enabling studies for the initiation of Phase I clinical trials. The Group
                                    customises generation of millions of hit molecules for a given target and utilises multi-dimensional
                                    screening to optimise drug properties to ensure novelty and patentability of molecules, narrowing
                                    down to a list of dozens of compounds from thousands of compounds.

                                    The solid-state R&D services include high-precision computational services and wet lab experimental
                                    services. The computational services include crystal structure prediction (“CSP”), morphology
                                    prediction, as well as screenings performed on conformers and carriers for crystallisation. The
                                    experimental services encompass critical aspects of crystallisation process development and crystal
                                    structure determination.

                                    Depending on the terms of services to be delivered, the Group generally recognises the relevant
                                    revenue at point in time when it transfers control of the relevant research results to a customer, being
                                    when the relevant research results are delivered to the customer, the customer has full discretion over
                                    the results, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the
                                    results.

                                    There are certain special customised drug discovery solutions of which the Group is required to timely
                                    deliver the discovery progress and results, revenue recognition of these services is over time based on
                                    the input method. This method measures the Group’s efforts or inputs towards fulfilling a performance
                                    obligation relative to the total expected inputs.

                            (b)     Revenue from automated chemical synthesis services and others
                                    The application of automated chemical synthesis services can shorten the time required to synthesize
                                    new molecules, enable efficient discovery of molecules with desired properties, provide insights
                                    of chemical reactions for large-scale production, and reduce human errors. Automated chemical
                                    synthesis services is provided on full time-equivalent (“FTE”) basis, the Group provides its customer
                                    with a project team of employees dedicated to the chemical synthesis with automated and AI platform
                                    for a specific period of time and charges the customer at a fixed rate per employee. The Group
                                    also provides various other services to customers mainly includes provision of artificial experimental
                                    services.

                                    The Group generally recognises its revenue over time as the customer simultaneously receives and
                                    consumes the services when the Group performs its promised obligation of such services. For the
                                    artificial experimental services, the Group recognise the revenue at point in time when the Group
                                    transfer the control of services result to a customer.




162   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.15 Revenue recognition (Continued)
               (c)   Revenue from XtalPi R&D solutions
                     The XtalPi R&D solutions can help customers to design a customized hardware and software with
                     AI platform to complete fully automated sample pre-processing, enabling full-process automation,
                     digitisation and intelligence.

                     The Group generally recognises its revenue at the point in time when control of the hardware or
                     software is transferred to the customers, generally on delivery or acceptance of the products as
                     agreed in the sales contracts.

               The Group accounts for revenue from contracts with customers, which includes the identification and
               assessment of the services promised within a contract to evaluate which promises are distinct from
               each other. Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations which are separately
               identifiable with standalone selling prices of the services being provided to the customers. Services offered
               to different customers varies according to customers’ needs. The transaction price generally includes fixed
               fees due at contract inception as well as fixed fees payable at end of different services performed.

               The Group generally determines standalone-selling prices for each individual distinct performance
               obligation identified based on the prices charged to customers. If the standalone selling price is not directly
               observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin or adjusted market assessment approach,
               depending on the availability of observable information, and considering the Group’s pricing policies and
               market practices in making pricing decisions. Assumptions and estimations have been made in estimating
               the relative stand-alone selling price of each distinct performance obligation, and changes in judgments on
               these assumptions and estimates may affect the revenue recognition.

               When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the consolidated
               balance sheet as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the
               entity’s performance and the customer’s payment. A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration
               in exchange for services that the Group has transferred to a customer. A receivable is recorded when
               the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the
               passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

               Retention receivables, prior to expiration of defect liability period, are classified as contract assets, which is
               1 years from the date of the acceptance of the products or solutions. The contract assets are transferred
               to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Group typically transfers contract assets to
               trade receivables when the defect liability period expires.

               Contract liabilities represent the cash collected upfront from the customers for purchase of services while
               the underlying services have not yet been rendered to the customers. The contract liabilities are recognised
               as revenues when the underlying services have been rendered to the customers.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.16 Leases
                            The Group mainly leases offices as lessee. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain
                            various terms and conditions.

                            Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                            asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
                            cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant
                            periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is
                            depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

                            Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                            measurement of the liability.

                            Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                            include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                            •       fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                            •       variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
                                    as at the commencement date.

                            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

                            •       the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities;

                            •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;

                            •       any initial direct costs; and

                            •       restoration costs.

                            The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
                            determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is
                            used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain
                            an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                            security and conditions.

                            To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                            •       where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                                    adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

                            •       uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                                    held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

                            •       makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g., term, country, currency and security.




164   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
          2.2.16 Leases (Continued)
               Payments associated with short-term leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit
               or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option.

          2.2.17 Current and deferred income tax
               The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
               based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in assets and liabilities
               attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

               (a)   Current income tax
                     The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                     enacted at the balance sheet date in the places where the Group operates and generates taxable
                     income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations
                     in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable
                     that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                     either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a
                     better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

               (b)   Deferred income tax
                     Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                     between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                     statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
                     of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of
                     an asset or a liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the
                     transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
                     taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and
                     laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
                     expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.

                     Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                     utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                     Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                     amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control
                     the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
                     reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.2    Summary of material accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.2.17 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
                            (c)     Offsetting
                                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                                    tax assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
                                    Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
                                    and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                                    Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
                                    recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
                                    in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

             2.3    Summary of other accounting policies
                    2.3.1 Separate financial statements
                            Investments in subsidiaries and associate are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost also includes
                            direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the
                            basis of dividend received and receivable.

                            Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries and associate is required upon receiving dividends
                            from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in
                            the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                            statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net
                            assets including goodwill.

                    2.3.2 Segment reporting
                            Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                            operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”), who is responsible for
                            allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the
                            executive directors that make strategic decisions.

                            The Group has principally engaged in the business relating to intelligent robotics solutions and drug
                            discovery solutions (including one-stop drug discovery solutions).

                            The CODM reviews the consolidated result of operations when making decisions about allocating resources
                            and assess performance of the Group as a whole. The CODM assesses the performance of the operating
                            segments mainly based on revenue of each operating segment. Thus, segment result would present
                            revenues for each segment only, which is in line with the CODM’s performance review. For the purpose of
                            internal reporting and management’s operation review, the CODM considered that the Group’s business
                            are operated and managed as one single segment and no separate segment information was presented for
                            the year ended 31 December 2024.

                    2.3.3 Offsetting financial instruments
                            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets
                            when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle
                            on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




166   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.3   Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)
          2.3.4 Restricted cash
               Cash that is restricted from withdrawal, use or pledged as security is reported separately on the face
               of the consolidated balance sheets, and is not included in the total cash and cash equivalents in the
               consolidated statement of cash flows. The Group’s restricted cash mainly represents security deposits held
               in designated bank accounts as security deposits for derivative financial instruments.

          2.3.5 Share capital
               Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

               Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of
               tax, from the proceeds.

          2.3.6 Provisions
               Provisions for legal claims and service warranties are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
               constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
               to settle the obligation, and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future
               operating losses.

               Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
               to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
               present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
               the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
               interest expense.

          2.3.7 Loss per share
               (a)   Basic loss per share
                     Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing:

                     •    The loss attributable to equity holders of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
                          other than ordinary shares.

                     •    By the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial period,
                          adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the period and excluding treasury
                          shares.

               (b)   Diluted loss per share
                     Diluted loss per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic loss per share to take into
                     account:

                     •    The after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
                          ordinary shares, and

                     •    The weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                          assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      2      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
             2.3    Summary of other accounting policies (Continued)
                    2.3.8 Interest income
                            Interest income from FVTPL is included in “other gains, net”.

                            Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for
                            cash management purposes. Any other interest income from term deposits is included in finance income.

                            Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                            financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
                            financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
                            deduction of the loss allowance).

                    2.3.9 Derivative financial instruments
                            Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is
                            entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting year. Changes
                            in fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in profit or loss.


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
             3.1    Financial risk factors
                    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, primarily the market risk (including foreign exchange
                    risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall
                    risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential
                    adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                    (a)     Market risk
                            (i)       Foreign exchange risk
                                      Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognised assets and liabilities
                                      are denominated in a currency that is not the Group entities’ functional currency. The Company’s
                                      primary subsidiaries were incorporated in the PRC and these subsidiaries considered RMB as their
                                      functional currency.

                                      The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by performing regular reviews of the Group’s net foreign
                                      exchange exposures and may enter into certain forward foreign exchange contracts, when necessary,
                                      to manage its exposure and to mitigate the impact on exchange rate fluctuations. During the years
                                      ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group had entered into certain forward foreign currency
                                      contracts, details of which are further presented in Note 31.




168   XtalPi Holdings Limited     Annual Report 2024
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (a)   Market risk (Continued)
                (i)     Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                        As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group exposes to the foreign exchange risk from the
                        following monetary assets/liabilities, of which the monetary assets/liabilities are denominated in a
                        currency other than the functional currency of the related Group’s entities:


                                                         Denomination
                                                         currency of the                         As at 31 December
                        Functional currency              monetary assets/                          2024                         2023
                        of Group’s entities              liabilities                            RMB’000                      RMB’000

                        US$                              RMB                                        63,622                      47,273
                        RMB                              US$                                        11,925                      13,131


                        The Group is primarily exposed to changes in RMB/US$ and US$/HK$ exchange rates in the Group
                        entities whose functional currency is RMB, US$ or HK$. If RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5%
                        against US$ with all other variables held constant, the post-tax loss would have been RMB2,149,000
                        lower/higher and RMB1,481,000 lower/higher, for the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023,
                        respectively. As HK$ is pegged to US$, management believes that the foreign exchange risk for
                        translations between HK$ and US$ do not have material impact to the operations in Hong Kong.

                (ii)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                        The Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market
                        interest rates and the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities except for cash
                        and cash equivalents, term-deposits and borrowings from bank, and details of which have been
                        disclosed in Note 26, Note 25 and Note 29, respectively.

                        The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, term-deposits and borrowings were carried at fixed rates and
                        expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, therefore the changes in market interest rates will not
                        result in any impact to the Group’s income and operating cash flows.

                (iii)   Price risk
                        The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in the
                        balance sheets at FVTPL, including wealth management products measured at FVTPL and other
                        types of investments that designated as FVTPL. The Group is generally not exposed to commodity
                        price risk. The sensitivity analysis of these investments has been disclosed in Note 3.3.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
             3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
                    (b)     Credit risk
                            Credit risk mainly arises from cash and cash equivalent, restricted cash, term deposits, as well as credit
                            exposures on trade receivables and other receivables and deposits.

                            (i)        Risk management
                                       Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Cash and cash equivalent, restricted cash, term deposits
                                       and wealth management products are mainly placed with reputable financial institutions in the PRC,
                                       which management considers being of high credit quality. For trade and other receivables, the Group
                                       assesses the credit quality of the receivables by taking account of various factors, including past
                                       operational and financial performance and other factors.

                            (ii)       Impairment of financial assets
                                       The Group has following types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                                       •      Trade receivables and contract assets

                                       •      Term deposits

                                       •      Cash and cash equivalent

                                       •      Restricted cash

                                       •      Other receivables and deposits

                                       Trade receivables and contract assets
                                       As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, trade receivables and contract assets were mainly due from
                                       customers. The credit quality of these counterparties are assessed on a regular basis, which takes
                                       into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.

                                       The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a
                                       lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets.

                                       Management considers the nature of business of its customers, the default rates given by external
                                       research over the expected lives of the debtors, repayment and default histories of different
                                       customers or industries to assess the credit risk characteristics and the likelihood of loss allowance
                                       of its customers. The Group uses probability of default (PD), exposure at default (EAD) and loss given
                                       default (LGD) to measure the credit risk and expected credit loss rates for its customers.

                                       The historical loss rates are also adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                                       macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.




170   XtalPi Holdings Limited      Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                       Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                       On that basis, the credit loss allowance as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was determined as
                       follows for trade receivables and contract assets:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

                       Provision on collective basis
                       Expected credit loss rate                                               2.95%                        4.51%
                       Gross carrying amount of trade receivables and
                         contract assets                                                       97,929                      40,326
                       Credit loss allowance                                                   (2,893)                     (1,820)


                       Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as credit loss allowance
                       within operating loss. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against
                       the same line item. Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables and
                       contract assets are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

                       At beginning of the year                                                  1,820                       1,772
                       Increase in loss allowance recognised in the consolidated
                         statements of profit or loss                                            1,169                           48
                       Written off as uncollectible                                                (96)                          —


                       At end of the year                                                        2,893                       1,820


                       Trade receivables and contract assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
                       recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the
                       failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual
                       payment.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
             3.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)
                    (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                            (iii)   Other financial assets at amortised cost
                                    Credit risk also arises from term deposits, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, as well as
                                    credit exposures on other receivables. The carrying amount of each class of these financial assets
                                    represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to the corresponding class of
                                    financial assets.

                                    Other receivables and deposits mainly include deposits, loans to third parties and other receivables.
                                    Management of the Group makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on
                                    the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experiences.
                                    The Group measures credit risk using probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default.
                                    This is similar to the approach used for the purposes of measuring expected credit loss under IFRS 9.

                                    For impairment on other receivables and deposits, it is measured as either 12-month expected credit
                                    losses or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been significant increase
                                    in credit risk since initial recognition. Other financial assets that are not credit-impaired on initial
                                    recognition are classified in ’stage 1’ and the expected credit losses are measured as 12-month
                                    expected credit losses. If a significant increase in credit risk of other financial asset has occurred
                                    since initial recognition, the financial asset is moved to ’stage 2’ but is not yet deemed to be credit-
                                    impaired. The expected credit losses are measured as lifetime expected credit loss. If any financial
                                    asset is credit-impaired, it is then moved to ’stage 3’ and the expected credit loss is measured as
                                    lifetime expected credit loss. Management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual
                                    assessment on these financial assets based on historical settlement records and past experience.

                                    On that basis, movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

                                    At beginning of the year                                                         169                 2,400
                                    Increase in loss allowance recognised in the
                                      consolidated statement of profit or loss                                        59                   169
                                    Written off as uncollectible                                                      —                 (2,400)


                                    At end of the year                                                               228                   169


                                    Note: The recoverability of an amount due from an associate, which is in significant financial difficulty, of
                                          RMB2,400,000 was uncertain and full impairment was provided as at 31 December 2023 and such provision
                                          was written off during the year ended 31 December 2023 as the relevant payment was over due for more
                                          than 3 years and there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.




172   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (c)   Liquidity risk
                The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature of the
                underlying business, the Group’s finance department maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining
                adequate cash and cash equivalents.

                Cash flow forecasting is performed by the finance department of the Group. The finance department of the
                Group monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to
                meet operational needs as well as the liabilities to other parties.

                The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
                remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table
                are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. The financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
                managed on a fair value basis rather than by maturing dates and not included in the following table.

                                                                    Between         Between
                                                   Less than           1 and           2 and             Over
                                                      1 year         2 years         5 years          5 years               Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

                As at 31 December 2024
                Trade payables                         16,143               —              —                      —          16,143
                Other payables and accruals
                  (excluding non-financial
                  liabilities)                         77,766              —               —                      —          77,766
                Short-term bank borrowings             52,725              —               —                      —          52,725
                Lease liabilities                      33,908          27,993          40,140                     —         102,041


                                                      180,542          27,993          40,140                     —         248,675


                As at 31 December 2023
                Trade payables                         13,654               —              —                      —          13,654
                Other payables and accruals
                  (excluding non-financial
                  liabilities)                         53,428              —              —                 —                53,428
                Short-term bank borrowings             61,085              —              —                 —                61,085
                Lease liabilities                      65,468          35,419        103,288            12,520              216,695
                Derivative financial instruments          560              —              —                 —                   560


                                                      194,195          35,419        103,288            12,520              345,422


                Details of convertible redeemable preferred shares at fair value through profit or loss are presented in Note
                32.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
             3.2    Capital risk management
                    The Group’s objectives on managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
                    and support the sustainable growth of the Group in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for
                    other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to enhance shareholders’ value in the long term.
                    The Group monitors capital (including share capital, share premium and preferred shares on an as-if-converted
                    basis) by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As part of this review, the Group may adjust the amount of
                    dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

                    As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the directors of the Company consider that the capital risk of the Group
                    is minimal as the Group’s capital structure is mainly financed by ordinary and preferred shares with net cash
                    position as at 31 December 2024.

             3.3    Fair value estimation
                    The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value at each reporting date are measured by level of the inputs
                    to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair
                    value hierarchy as follows:

                    •       Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
                            and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
                            market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                            included in level 1.

                    •       Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
                            the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
                            market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                            value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                    •       Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                            included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.

                    The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at
                    31 December 2024 and 2023:

                                                                            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

                    At 31 December 2024
                    Financial assets
                    Financial assets at fair value through
                      profit or loss
                    — Investments in the unlisted entities                        —                   —           380,131           380,131
                    — Investment in a listed entity                           23,972                  —                —             23,972
                    — Wealth management products and funds                        —                   —         1,786,049         1,786,049
                    — Investments in private equity funds                         —                   —            80,981            80,981
                    — Investments in convertible debts                            —                   —            69,976            69,976


                                                                              23,972                  —         2,317,137         2,341,109




174   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)


                                                               Level 1          Level 2            Level 3                   Total
                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000                 RMB’000

          At 31 December 2023
          Financial assets
          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss
          — Investments in the unlisted entities                    —                  —            316,161                 316,161
          — Investment in a listed entity                       40,267                 —                 —                   40,267
          — Wealth management products and funds                    —                  —            863,368                 863,368
          — Investment in a convertible debt                        —                  —             67,595                  67,595


                                                                40,267                 —         1,247,124               1,287,391


          Financial liabilities
          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss
          — Derivative financial instruments                         —               560                —                     560
          — Convertible redeemable preferred shares                  —                —         10,780,342             10,780,342


                                                                     —               560        10,780,342             10,780,902


          There is no financial liability that measured at fair value at 31 December 2024.

          Details of convertible redeemable preferred shares and other financial liabilities are disclosed in Note 32.

          There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the year ended 31
          December 2024.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
             3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)
                    (a)     Financial instruments in Level 1 and Level 2
                            The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the
                            consolidated statement of financial position date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are
                            readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, price services or regulatory
                            agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length
                            basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price.
                            These instruments are included in level 1. Instruments included in level 1 comprised investments in listed
                            instruments classified as financial assets at FVTPL.

                            The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
                            derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data
                            and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
                            instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Instruments included in level 2 comprised
                            derivative financial instruments.

                    (b)     Financial instruments in Level 3
                            If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
                            level 3.

                            Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                            •       the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments,

                            •       discounted cash flow analysis, and

                            •       observable and unobservable inputs, including discount rate, risk-free interest rate, discount for lack
                                    of marketability (“DLOM”), and expected volatility, etc.

                            Level 3 instruments of the Group’s assets and liabilities include investments in unlisted entities, wealth
                            management products and funds, convertible debt, private equity funds, other financial liabilities and
                            convertible redeemable preferred shares at fair value through profit or loss.




176   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
          (b)   Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                The following table presents the changes in level 3 items including investments in unlisted companies,
                investments in wealth management products and funds, investments in private equity funds and
                investments in convertible debt at fair value through profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                       Investments
                                                        Investments       in wealth   Investments
                                                          in unlisted management          in private  Investments
                                                          companies     products at   equity funds in convertible
                                                         at fair value    fair value   at fair value   debt at fair
                                                      through profit through profit through profit value through
                                                               or loss       or loss         or loss profit or loss
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

                At 1 January 2023                            211,465          356,361                   —                 3,250
                Additions                                     31,791        2,781,650                   —                63,744
                Disposals                                    (11,537)      (2,279,405)                  —                    —
                Transfer from investment in an
                  associate (Note 19)                          70,249              —                    —                       —
                Change in fair value through
                  profit or loss                               10,340           9,173                   —                     598
                Currency translation differences                3,853          (4,411)                  —                       3


                At 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024                             316,161          863,368                 —                  67,595
                Additions                                     77,335        2,284,728             82,667                 30,000
                Disposals                                     (2,864)      (1,423,547)                —                 (34,137)
                Change in fair value through
                  profit or loss                             (15,004)          53,157             (1,668)                  5,516
                Currency translation differences               4,503            8,343                (18)                  1,002


                At 31 December 2024                          380,131       1,786,049              80,981                 69,976




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
             3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)
                    (b)     Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                            The quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value
                            measurements comprises:

                                                                 Fair value at                                     Range of inputs
                                                              As at 31 December                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                        Relationship of
                                                                                                                                        unobservable inputs
                            Description                         2024         2023     Unobservable inputs           2024         2023   to fair value
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

                            Unlisted preferred shares         314,487      151,237    Risk-free rate              1.12%-       1.45%-   The higher the risk-free
                                                                                                                   4.31%        2.39%     rate, the lower the fair
                                                                                                                                          value.

                                                                                      Expected volatility        63%-95%     66%-75%    Depends on rights and
                                                                                                                                          restrictions of shares
                                                                                                                                          held by the Group

                            A series of Unlisted preferred     65,644      164,924    Latest transaction price       N/A          N/A   The higher the recent
                              shares and ordinary shares                                                                                  transaction price, the
                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.

                            Wealth management products       1,786,049     863,368    Expected rate of return     0.53%-       2.35%-   The higher the expected
                                                                                                                   3.56%        5.71%     rate of return, the
                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.

                            Private equity funds               80,981             —   Expected rate of return        N/A          N/A   The higher the expected
                                                                                                                                          rate of return, the
                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.

                            Convertible bonds                  69,976       67,595    Latest transaction price       N/A          N/A   The higher the recent
                                                                                                                                          transaction price, the
                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.

                            Note:

                            Investments in unlisted equity securities as stated above are measured at fair value, using certain valuation techniques,
                            with the assistant of external valuer, to determine their fair value. As these investees are still at early development stage
                            without generated predicable cash flows and have multiple classes of equity, the Group adopted Back-solve Approach
                            to determine the fair value of each investee at a whole based on the valuation of their respective recent round of
                            financing considered conducted on arm’s length bases. Thereafter, the Group further adopted Equity Allocation Method
                            to determine the fair value of the instrument held by the Group. The key valuation assumptions used to determine the
                            fair value included risk-free rate, expected volatility, as well as expected probability of initial public offering, liquidation
                            or redemption. Changes in fair value of investments in unlisted entities and other were recorded in “Other gains, net”.
                            During the year ended 31 December 2024, certain investments has been reclassified from “A series of Unlisted preferred
                            shares” to “Unlisted preferred shares and ordinary shares” based on the different valuation techniques adopted by the
                            Group.




178   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
          (b)   Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                The Group performed sensitivity test on risk-free interest rate and volatility, if the risk-free interest rate
                had increased/decreased by 10% with all other variables held constant, the estimated fair value for the
                years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 would have been approximately RMB127,000 lower/higher and
                RMB143,000 lower/higher, respectively.

                If the volatility had increased/decreased by 10% with all other variables held constant, the estimated fair
                value for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 would have been approximately RMB129,000
                higher/lower and RMB1,773,000 lower/higher, respectively.

                Investments in wealth management products and funds are measured at fair value through profit or
                loss. If the fair value had increased/decreased by 1%, the loss before income tax for the years ended
                31 December 2024 and 2023 would have been approximately RMB18,670,000 lower/higher and
                RMB8,634,000 lower/higher, respectively.

                Details of the movements and significant observable inputs used in convertible redeemable preferred shares
                and other financial liabilities are set out in Note 32.

          (c)   Financial instruments at amortised cost
                The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets measured at amortised costs, including term
                deposits, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade and note receivables, contract asset, other
                receivables and deposits and the Group’s financial liabilities, including trade payables, other payables and
                accruals, approximate their fair values due to their short maturities.


4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
    definition, seldom equal the related actual results. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based
    on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
    under the circumstances.

    The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
    assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below:

    (a)   Impairment assessment of non-financial assets
          Non-financial assets, mainly including property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and
          investments accounted for using equity method, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
          circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been
          determined based on value-in-use calculations or fair value less costs to disposal. These calculations require the
          use of judgments and estimates.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      4      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (Continued)
             (a)    Impairment assessment of non-financial assets (Continued)
                    Management judgment is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing: (i) whether an event
                    has occurred that may indicate that the related asset values may not be recoverable; (ii) whether the carrying
                    value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, being the higher of fair value less costs to sell
                    and net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset
                    in the business; (iii) the selection of the most appropriate valuation technique, e.g. the market approach, the
                    income approach, as well as a combination of approaches, including the adjusted net asset method; and (iv) the
                    appropriate key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether these cash flow
                    projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by management in
                    assessing impairment, including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions in the cash flow projections,
                    could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test and as a result affect the Group’s
                    financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant adverse change in the projected performance
                    and resulting future cash flow projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment charge to the consolidated
                    statement of profit or loss.

             (b)    Fair value measurement of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                    As disclosed in Note 2.2.6, Note 2.3.9, Note 2.2.10, the Group recognised the financial assets and liabilities at
                    fair value at recognition date as well as at each subsequent recording date. The fair value of financial instruments
                    that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgment
                    to select methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at the end of each
                    reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the respective fair value of
                    these financial instruments.

             (c)    Current and deferred income taxes
                    The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC and other jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining
                    the provision for income taxes in each of these jurisdictions. There are transactions and calculations during the
                    ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of
                    these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income
                    tax and deferred income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

                    Deferred tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised when management
                    considers it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary differences or tax
                    losses can be utilised.

             (d)    Share-based compensation arrangements
                    The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair value of
                    the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is estimated using a model which
                    requires the determination of the appropriate inputs. In addition, the Group has to estimate the expected yearly
                    percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group at the end of vesting periods of the options in order to
                    determine the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to the consolidated statement of profit
                    or loss. The assumptions and models used for estimating the fair value of share-based payment transactions are
                    disclosed in Note 35.

                    The Group estimate the expected forfeiture rate at the end of vesting periods (“Forfeiture Rate”) of the share
                    options granted in order to determine the amount of share-based payment expenses charged to profit or loss.
                    The Forfeiture Rate of the share options of the Group to grantees were assessed to be ranging from 8.3% to
                    15.0% during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.




180   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

5   REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
    Revenue disaggregated by revenue source as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024                         2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                      RMB’000

    Intelligent robotics solutions                                                       162,771                       86,692
    Drug discovery solutions                                                             103,662                       87,728


                                                                                         266,433                      174,420


    Timing of revenue recognition:
    A point in time                                                                      196,394                      130,760
    Over time                                                                             70,039                       43,660


                                                                                         266,433                      174,420


    Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the billing address of the customers is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024                         2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                      RMB’000

    Mainland China                                                                       151,349                       95,530
    United States                                                                         79,887                       52,245
    Other regions                                                                         35,197                       26,645


                                                                                         266,433                      174,420


    Revenue from external customers contributing over 10% to the total revenue of the Group during the year ended 31
    December 2024 and 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2024                         2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                      RMB’000

    Customer A                                                                             36,293                        N/A*
    Customer B                                                                               N/A*                      21,048


    *    Less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective year.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      5      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Continued)
             (a)    Contracts costs
                    The balance represents the costs recognised to fulfill several research and development service contracts. The
                    movement of the balance is as follows:

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                    At beginning of the year                                                            37,891              33,280
                    Contracts costs recognised for fulfilling contracts during the period               63,290              89,777
                    Amortisation as contract fulfillment costs                                         (75,510)            (85,166)


                    At end of the year                                                                 25,671               37,891


             (b)    Contract assets
                    The Group has recognised the contract assets related to retention receivable with customers:

                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Contract assets                                                                      3,629                   —
                    Loss allowance                                                                         (43)                  —


                                                                                                         3,586                   —


             (c)    Contract liabilities related to contracts with customers


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Advance from customers                                                             16,916               25,658


                    Contract liabilities is arising from the negotiation of larger prepayments and an increase in numbers of contract
                    signed.

                    During the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue of RMB20,298,000 (2023: RMB13,041,000) recognised in
                    relation to contract liabilities that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year.




182   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

6   EXPENSE BY NATURE
    Expenses included in research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, contract fulfillment
    costs and selling and marketing expenses are analysed as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2024                        2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000

    Employee benefit expenses (Note 12)                                                     602,378                      591,202
    Professional service fees                                                                69,055                       50,489
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                  83,382                       70,812
    Sample material costs                                                                    62,444                       58,379
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                            52,662                       45,232
    Network and cloud service expenses                                                       32,480                       37,279
    Short-term rental and utilities                                                          13,644                       13,695
    Property management fees                                                                 28,176                       25,217
    Listing expense                                                                          46,036                       20,575
    Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    4,097                        2,380
    — Audit and audit-related services                                                        3,750                        2,380
    — Non-audit services                                                                        347                           —
    Others                                                                                   55,766                       50,050


                                                                                          1,050,120                      965,310


7   OTHER INCOME
    The Group received certain financial subsidies from local government authorities with certain specified conditions.


8   OTHER GAINS, NET

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2024                        2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000

    Net foreign exchange losses                                                               (1,951)                    (40,368)
    Gains on derivative financial instruments                                                  4,314                        4,232
    Net fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL (Note 20)                    25,278                       (4,375)
    Gain on a transfer of investment in an associate to financial assets
      measured at FVTPL (Note 19)                                                                  —                      70,249
    Gains on termination and modification of lease                                              7,229                     13,686
    Others                                                                                        (76)                    (2,142)


                                                                                              34,794                      41,282




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      9      FINANCE INCOME, NET

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

             Finance income
             — Interest income from bank deposits                                                55,642            102,693


             Finance expenses
             — Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                            (4,977)             (8,030)
             — Interest expenses on short-term bank borrowings                                   (1,780)             (1,545)


                                                                                                 (6,757)             (9,575)


             Finance income, net                                                                 48,885              93,118


      10     INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

             Current income tax                                                                       —                  —
             Deferred income tax                                                                      —                  —


                                                                                                      —                  —


             The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

             Cayman Islands
             The Company and certain subsidiaries that were incorporated in the Cayman Islands as exempted companies with
             limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands are not subject to the Cayman Islands income tax
             pursuant to the current laws of the Cayman Islands.

             Hong Kong
             The subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5% during the year ended 31
             December 2024 and 2023.




184   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

10   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
     PRC
     The Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are generally subject to Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) at a rate of
     25% on the estimated assessable profit in accordance with relevant PRC income tax laws and certain preferential tax
     treatments available to certain subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

     Shenzhen Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Jingtai”), Beijing Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Jingtai”),
     Shanghai Zhiyao Technology Co., Ltd., and Jingtai Zhiyao Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jingtai Zhiyao
     Shanghai”) were approved as “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitled to a preferential income tax rate of
     15% during the year ended 31 December 2024. There are certain other subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC that have
     been granted certain tax concessions for small scale entities by tax authorities in the PRC and enjoy reduced tax rates.

     United States
     The subsidiaries in the United States are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State Tax at a rate of 8% during
     the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

     The reconciliation between the Group’s income tax expenses and the amount which is calculated based on the
     statutory income tax rate of 25% in the PRC is as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                      RMB’000

     Loss before income tax                                                                (1,514,869)                 (1,906,323)


     Tax calculated at tax rate of 25%                                                       (378,717)                    (476,581)
     Effect of different tax rates applicable to different entities within the Group          230,170                      318,745
     Effect of preferential income tax rate of subsidiaries                                    62,321                        49,049
     Super deduction for research and development expenses                                    (41,335)                      (61,196)
     Income not subject to tax                                                                (14,693)                      (30,130)
     Items not deductible for tax purposes                                                     22,333                        23,600
     Temporary differences for which no deferred assets were recognized                           778                         4,428
     Reversal of temporary differences not recognized as deferred assets                       (3,732)                           —
     Tax losses for which no deferred tax assets was recognised                               122,875                      172,085


                                                                                                      —                            —


     The Group only recognises deferred tax assets for cumulative tax losses if it is probable that future taxable amounts
     will be available to utilise those tax losses. Management will continue to assess the recognition of deferred tax assets
     in future reporting periods.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group had unrecognised tax losses to be carried forward against future
     taxable income amounted to RMB3,476,520,000 and RMB2,580,556,000 respectively. These unrecognised tax losses
     will mainly expire within 5 to 10 years. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the potential deferred tax assets in respect
     of the above unrecognised tax losses amounted to RMB518,347,000 and RMB463,196,000, respectively.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      11     LOSS PER SHARE
             (a)    Basic loss per share
                    Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
                    weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2024                 2023

                    Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                      1,516,606            1,914,384


                    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                     (thousand shares)                                                                1,929,429              483,979


                    Basic loss per share (RMB per share)                                                   (0.79)               (3.96)


             (b)    Diluted loss per share
                    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company’s dilutive potential ordinary shares included CRPS and
                    share options and RSUs (2023: CRPS and share options).

                    Diluted loss per share presented is the same as the basic loss per share as the inclusion of the potential ordinary
                    shares in the calculation of dilutive loss per share would be anti-dilutive.


      12     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

             Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                                364,687              371,265
             Pensions costs and housing benefits                                                         66,725               82,628
             Share-based compensation expenses (Note 35)                                                136,678               88,426
             Other employee benefits and costs                                                           40,386               52,011


                                                                                                        608,476              594,330
             Less: employee benefit expenses capitalised as cost to fulfill
                      revenue contracts                                                                   (6,098)              (3,128)


                                                                                                        602,378              591,202


             Charged to:
               Research and development expenses                                                        237,268              273,971
               General and administrative expenses                                                      232,892              190,677
               Contract fulfillment costs                                                                84,616               85,446
               Selling and marketing expenses                                                            47,602               41,108


                                                                                                        602,378              591,202



186   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

12   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
     Pensions costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits
     As stipulated by rules and regulations in the PRC, the Group contributes to state-sponsored retirement schemes for its
     employees in the PRC. The Group’s employees make monthly contributions to the schemes certain percentage of the
     relevant income (comprising wages, salaries, allowances and bonus, and subject to maximum caps), while the Group
     also contributes certain percentage of such relevant income, subject to certain ceiling and has no further obligations
     for the actual payment of post-retirement benefits beyond the contributions. The state-sponsored retirement schemes
     are responsible for the entire post-retirement benefit obligations payable to the retired employees.

     (a)   Five highest paid individuals
           The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024
           and 2023 including three directors in each year, whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note
           13. The emoluments paid and payables to the remaining individuals during the years are as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2024                         2023
                                                                                             RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Wages and salaries                                                                      2,736                      5,024
           Discretionary bonuses                                                                   1,289                        808
           Pensions costs and housing benefits                                                       257                        151
           Share-based compensation expenses                                                       6,931                     17,443


                                                                                                 11,213                      23,426


           The remunerations of the highest paid non-director individuals during the year fell within the following bands:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                        2023

           Emolument band (in HK$)
           HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                1                            —
           HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                1                            —
           HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                                —                            1
           HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                                              —                            1


                                                                                                         2                           2


           During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no emoluments have been paid to the five highest paid
           individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      13     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                                 Pension
                                                                                                costs —
                                                                                                 defined Share-based
                                                     Director’s              Discretionary   contribution compensation
                                                            fee   Salaries        bonuses           plans    expenses      Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000

             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Executive directors
             Dr. WEN Shuhao (Chairman)                      —        3,102          1,172           135         44,695    49,104
             Dr. MA Jian (Chief Executive)                  —        3,102          1,172           135         25,763    30,172
             Dr. LAI Lipeng                                 —        3,094          1,172           132         18,407    22,805
             Dr. JIANG Yide Alan                            —        2,721            156            96              2     2,975

             Non-executive director
             Ms. GU Cuiping (Note (iii))                    —           —               —             —             —         —

             Independent non-executive directors
             Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Note (ii))          —         361               —             —            72        433
             Ms. Chan Wing Ki (Note (ii))                   —         180               —             —            36        216
             Mr. Chow Ming Sang (Note (ii))                 —         228               —             —            36        264


                                                            —       12,788          3,672           498         89,011   105,969


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Directors
             Dr. WEN Shuhao (Chairman)                      —        2,979            502           129         36,573    40,183
             Dr. MA Jian (Chief Executive)                  —        4,050            502           121         11,258    15,931
             Dr. LAI Lipeng                                 —        3,959            502           126          8,042    12,629
             Dr. JIANG Yide Alan                            —        1,864            107           109              7     2,087
             Ms. GU Cuiping (Note (iii))                    —           —              —             —              —         —
             Mr. LIU Qin (Note (i))                         —           —              —             —              —         —
             Ms. SHU Wanting (Note (i))                     —           —              —             —              —         —
             Mr. HAO Rui (Note (i))                         —           —              —             —              —         —
             Mr. LU Hai (Note (i))                          —           —              —             —              —         —


                                                            —       12,852          1,613           485         55,880    70,830


             Notes:

             (i)     Resigned since November 2023.

             (ii)    Appointed on 28 May 2024.

             (iii)   Resigned on 30 October 2024.




188   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

13   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no options were granted to any executive director of the Company (2023:
     Nil) and 1,800,000 restricted share units were granted to three independent non-executive directors of the Company
     (2023: Nil) (Note 35(b)).

     Directors’ retirement and termination benefits
     None of the directors received or will receive any retirement and termination benefits during the years ended 31
     December 2024 and 2023.

     Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no consideration was provided to or receivable by any third
     parties for making available directors’ services.

     Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate
     by and connected entities with such directors
     There is no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favour of the directors, or controlled bodies
     corporate by and connected entities with such directors subsisted at the end of each of the years ended 31 December
     2024 and 2023 or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

     Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
     No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
     was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at
     the end of each of the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 or at any time during the years ended 31 December
     2024 and 2023.


14   DIVIDENDS
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the years ended 31 December 2024 and
     2023.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      15     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                      Computer
                                                     and office        Leasehold           Lab     Construction
                                                     equipment      improvements     equipment      In Progress      Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

             At 1 January 2023
             Cost                                       15,010             77,538      167,549          120,884    380,981
             Accumulated depreciation                   (5,423)           (34,543)     (23,375)              —     (63,341)


             Net book amount                              9,587           42,995       144,174          120,884    317,640


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount                      9,587            42,995      144,174          120,884    317,640
             Additions                                      227             5,550        4,335          113,021    123,133
             Disposals                                       (30)              —            (48)             —          (78)
             Transfer                                     5,671            58,773       71,364         (135,808)         —
             Depreciation charge (Note 6)                (4,769)          (27,479)     (38,564)              —     (70,812)
             Currency translation adjustment                   4               —             —               —            4


             Closing net book amount                    10,690            79,839       181,261           98,097    369,887


             At 31 December 2023
             Cost                                       20,522           141,861       240,853           98,097     501,333
             Accumulated depreciation                   (9,832)          (62,022)      (59,592)              —     (131,446)


             Net book amount                            10,690            79,839       181,261           98,097    369,887


             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Opening net book amount                    10,690             79,839      181,261           98,097    369,887
             Additions                                     140              1,120        1,717           39,691     42,668
             Disposals and other decrease                 (129)            (2,683)      (6,008)              —      (8,820)
             Transfer                                      992             30,110       64,914          (96,016)        —
             Depreciation charge (Note 6)               (5,087)           (29,398)     (48,897)              —     (83,382)
             Currency translation adjustment                 3                 10           31               —          44


             Closing net book amount                      6,609           78,998       193,018           41,772    320,397


             At 31 December 2024
             Cost                                        20,615          170,102       299,283           41,772     531,772
             Accumulated depreciation                   (14,006)         (91,104)     (106,265)              —     (211,375)


             Net book amount                              6,609           78,998       193,018           41,772    320,397




190   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

15   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     During the year ended 31 December 2024, depreciation of property, plant and equipment has been charged to the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Research and development expenses                                                         60,959                      64,838
     General and administrative expenses                                                       21,813                       5,387
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                               610                         587


                                                                                               83,382                      70,812


16   LEASES
     Right-of-use assets of the Group represent the leased offices and labs buildings:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Right-of-use assets
     Offices and Lab buildings                                                                 90,920                     189,250


     Lease liabilities
     Current                                                                                   31,960                      58,782
     Non-current                                                                               64,905                     137,183


                                                                                               96,865                     195,965


     Depreciation of right-of-use assets has been charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Research and development expenses                                                         32,387                      20,954
     General and administrative expenses                                                       19,873                      23,855
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                               402                         423


                                                                                               52,662                      45,232


     The Group obtains rights to control the use of offices and labs building for a period of time through lease
     arrangements. Lease arrangements are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
     and conditions including lease payments and lease terms ranging from 2 to 10 years.

     The total cash outflow in financing activities for leases was RMB70,341,000 and RMB58,110,000 for the years ended
     31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively.

                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      17     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
             The Group’s intangible assets represent the system software licenses purchased:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

             At beginning of the year
             Cost                                                                                      21,172                 12,918
             Accumulated amortisation                                                                 (13,303)                (6,234)


                                                                                                        7,869                  6,684


             Opening net book amount                                                                    7,869                  6,684
             Additions                                                                                  4,056                  6,844
             Disposal                                                                                    (783)                    —
             Amortisation charge                                                                       (3,421)                (5,678)
             Exchange differences                                                                          22                     19


             Closing net book amount                                                                    7,743                  7,869


             At end of the year
             Cost                                                                                      18,790              21,172
             Accumulated amortisation                                                                 (11,047)            (13,303)


                                                                                                        7,743                  7,869


             Amortisation of intangible assets has been charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

             Research and development expenses                                                          1,741                  4,593
             General and administrative expenses                                                        1,314                    963
             Selling and marketing expenses                                                               366                    122


                                                                                                        3,421                  5,678




192   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

18   SUBSIDIARIES
     (a)   Subsidiaries of the Company
           The Group’s principal subsidiaries during the years are set out below.

                                                                                                                                Particulars of
                                       Place of incorporation and                  Principal activities and                issued/Registered/
           Name of entity              nature of entity                            place of operation                          paid-in capital     Effective interest held
                                                                                                                                                         2024                2023

           Directly held:
           XtalPi Inc.                 United States, limited liability company    Provision of intelligent robotics                   US$10            100%             100%
                                                                                      solutions and drug discovery
                                                                                      solutions in the United States
           QuantumPharm Limited        Hong Kong, limited liability company        Investment holdings                             US$1,289              100%            100%
           XtalPi Investment Inc.      Cayman Islands, limited liability company   Investment holdings                         US$21,160,387           87.69%          87.69%

           Indirectly held:
           Shenzhen Jingtai            PRC, wholly foreign owned enterprise        Provision of intelligent robotics          US$200,000,000            100%             100%
                                                                                      solutions and drug discovery
                                                                                      solutions in the PRC
           Beijing Jingtai             PRC, wholly foreign owned enterprise        Provision of drug discovery solutions     RMB200,000,000             100%             100%
                                                                                      in the PRC
           Jingtai Zhiyao Shanghai     PRC, wholly foreign owned enterprise        Provision of intelligent robotics          US$100,000,000            100%             100%
                                                                                      solutions and drug discovery
                                                                                      solutions in the PRC
           Shanghai Zhiyao             PRC, wholly foreign owned enterprise        Provision of intelligent robotics         RMB300,000,000             100%             100%
             Technology Co., Ltd.                                                     solutions and drug discovery
                                                                                      solutions in the PRC
           XtalPi Investment Limited   Hong Kong, limited liability company        Investment holdings                                     —           87.69%          87.69%

     (b)   Material non-controlling interests
           Set out below is summarised financial information of XtalPi Investment Inc., a subsidiary with non-controlling
           interest that are considered material to the Group. The amounts disclosed are before inter-company eliminations.

                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2024                         2023
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Summarised balance sheets
           Non-current assets                                                                                                        338,760                     308,947
           Current assets                                                                                                             12,714                      36,199
           Current liabilities                                                                                                       (12,983)                    (83,707)


           Net assets                                                                                                                338,491                     261,439


           Balance of non-controlling interest                                                                                         41,668                      32,183




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited      193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      18     SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
             (b)    Material non-controlling interests (Continued)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

                    Summarised statement of profit or loss
                      and comprehensive income
                    Loss for the year                                                                14,120             118,688
                    Other comprehensive loss                                                          5,262               1,293
                    Total comprehensive loss                                                         19,382             119,981


                    Attributable to non-controlling interest                                          2,224              14,770


                    Summarised cash flows
                    Cash flows from operating activities                                             (9,439)             (15,347)
                    Cash flows from investing activities                                            (58,781)               4,261
                    Cash flows from financing activities                                             43,420                  843


                    Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                       (24,800)             (10,243)


      19     INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
             Movements of the Group’s investments in associates that accounted for using the equity method is as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

             At beginning of the year                                                                23,841              18,706
             Additions                                                                                6,016               6,886
             Share of results                                                                        (4,191)             (1,964)
             Disposal                                                                                   (50)                 —
             Currency translation differences                                                           220                 213


             At end of the year                                                                      25,836              23,841


             In November 2023, the Group no longer retained its board representation of an associate, therefore the Group’s
             investment in this associate with carrying amount of nil was derecognised and transferred to investment in financial
             assets at fair value through profit or loss measured at fair value of RMB70,249,000 upon the transfer. Accordingly, a
             gain on transfer of investment in an associate to financial assets measured at FVTPL was recognised as other gains,
             net (Note 8).

             As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, none of the associates of the Group is considered as material.




194   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

19   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)
     Individually immaterial associates


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2024                        2023
                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates             25,836                      23,841


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2024                        2023
                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
     Loss from continuing operations                                               4,191                       1,964


20   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2024                        2023
                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       included in non-current assets:
     A listed entity                                                            23,972                       40,267
     Unlisted entities                                                         380,131                      316,161
     A convertible debt (note)                                                  69,976                       67,595
     Private equity funds                                                       80,981                           —


                                                                               555,060                      424,023


     Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       included in current assets:
     Wealth management products and funds (Note 3.3(b))                      1,786,049                      863,368




                                                                             Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      20     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
             Movement of FVTPL is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

             At beginning of the year                                                                            1,287,391                640,890
             Additions and transfers                                                                             2,440,593              2,877,184
             Disposals                                                                                          (1,426,411)            (2,290,942)
             Transfer from investment in associates                                                                     —                   70,249
             Changes in fair value                                                                                  25,278                 (10,472)
             Currency translation differences                                                                       14,258                     482


             At end of the year                                                                                  2,341,109              1,287,391


             Note:

             (i)     On 24 June 2024, there was a partial conversion of the debts for an existing investee to ordinary shares upon the occurrence
                     of financing activities.

                     On 10 October 2024, the Group has subscribed series A preference shares of another existing investee at a cash consideration
                     of RMB20 million. By the closing of the new transaction, the Group has hold aggregate 16% equity interest.

             (ii)    On 23 January 2024, the Group entered into a convertible loan agreement with an independent third party company which is
                     principally engaged in developing technology solution for desert digital intelligent agriculture. Pursuant to this agreement, the
                     Group agreed to provide a convertible loan with principal amount of up to RMB30 million at a simple interest rate of 8% per
                     annum and that the Group shall have the right to convert all of the principal outstanding under the loan into certain conditions.

             (iii)   Wealth management products and funds purchased by the Group mostly are issued by major and reputable financial
                     institutions without guaranteed returns. The expected rates of return for such wealth management products and funds held by
                     the Group range from 0.53% to 3.56% and 2.35% to 5.71% as at December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


      21     DEFERRED INCOME TAX
             The movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities in relation to lease liabilities and right-of-use assets are as follows:

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

             The deferred tax asset comprises temporary differences attributable to:
             Lease liabilities                                                                                      20,380                  46,948


             Set-off of deferred tax liabilities in relation to right-of-use assets                                (20,380)                (46,948)


             Net deferred tax assets                                                                                      —                      —




196   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

21   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

                                                                         Deferred         Deferred
                                                                       tax assets     tax liabilities                 Total
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000                  RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2023                                                  18,811            (18,811)                         —
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                                  28,137            (28,137)                         —


     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                             46,948            (46,948)                         —
     (Charged)/credited to profit or loss                                 (26,568)            26,568                          —


     As at 31 December 2024                                                20,380            (20,380)                         —


22   TRADE AND NOTE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2024                        2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                                                     94,300                      40,326
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                           (2,850)                     (1,820)


                                                                                           91,450                      38,506
     Note receivables                                                                       7,296                          —


                                                                                           98,746                      38,506


     The credit period granted to the Group’s customers is usually from 30 to 60 days. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023,
     the aging analysis of trade receivables based on invoice dates is as follows:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2024                        2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000

     0 to 90 days                                                                          82,298                      32,017
     91 to 180 days                                                                         2,397                       5,307
     181 to 365 days                                                                        2,314                       1,916
     Over 1 year                                                                            7,291                       1,086


                                                                                           94,300                      40,326




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      22     TRADE AND NOTE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
             The carrying amounts of trade receivables approximate their fair values and are denominated in the following
             currencies:

                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

             RMB                                                                                          63,448                20,663
             US$                                                                                          30,492                19,663
             SGD                                                                                             360                    —


                                                                                                          94,300                40,326


      23     PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

             Non-current
             Prepayment for equipment                                                                     18,251                24,916


             Current
             Prepayments                                                                                  24,511                 9,298
             Deposits                                                                                     10,613                12,094
             Value-added tax recoverables                                                                 15,824                19,705
             Receivables from employee share options exercised                                            26,462                    —
             Loan to a third party and interest receivable (note)                                          5,209                    —
             Loan to an associate and interest receivable (Note 39(b))                                     1,530                    —
             Others                                                                                        1,211                   219


                                                                                                          85,360                41,316
             Less: loss allowance                                                                           (228)                 (169)


                                                                                                          85,132                41,147


             The carrying amounts of deposits and other receivables approximate their fair values and are mainly dominated
             in RMB. The recoverability was assessed with reference to the credit status of the recipients and, as there is no
             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the 12-month expected credit loss is considered minimal.

             Note: On 25 March 2024, the Group entered into a loan agreement with an independent third party company, the Group agreed to
                   provide a loan with principal amount of up to RMB5 million at a simple interest rate of 8% per annum.


      24     RESTRICTED CASH
             As at 31 December 2024, the restricted deposits were denominated in RMB and held in designated bank accounts
             mainly as guarantees of advance payment (As at 31 December 2023, all the restricted deposits were denominated in
             RMB and held in designated bank accounts mainly as security deposits for derivative financial instruments).




198   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

25   TERM DEPOSITS WITH INITIAL TERMS OF OVER THREE MONTHS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Included in non-current assets:
     RMB term deposits                                                                         21,266                      20,552


     Included in current assets:
     US$ term deposits                                                                        40,009                   1,093,990
     RMB term deposits                                                                       109,129                     157,363


                                                                                             149,138                   1,251,353


                                                                                             170,404                   1,271,905


     The weighted average effective interest rate on the Group’s term deposits with initial terms of over three months as at
     31 December 2024 and 2023 was 3.97% and 5.22% per annum, respectively.


26   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Cash at banks                                                                           984,478                      615,060
     Term deposits with initial terms of within three months                                 181,670                       95,701


                                                                                           1,166,148                      710,761


     Denominated in:
     HK$                                                                                     668,165                        2,658
     RMB                                                                                     343,521                      311,097
     US$                                                                                     154,462                      397,006


                                                                                           1,166,148                      710,761


     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The weighted average effective
     interest rate on bank deposits of the Group with initial within three months as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was
     4.24% and 3.71% per annum, respectively.

     The conversion of the RMB denominated balances maintained in the PRC into foreign currencies is subject to the rules
     and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      27     TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

             Trade payables                                                                         16,143              13,654


             Trade payables were mainly denominated in RMB as at 31 December 2024 and 2023. The credit periods granted
             by suppliers generally range from 30 to 180 days. The aging analysis of trade payables, based on invoice date, is as
             follows:

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

             0 to 90 days                                                                           11,761              11,683
             90 to 180 days                                                                          4,382               1,971


                                                                                                    16,143              13,654


      28     OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

             Accrued salaries and staff benefits                                                    78,360              73,596
             Investment payable                                                                     24,885              19,561
             Other payables to employees                                                            14,300                  —
             Accrual for acquiring property, plant, and equipment                                   13,115              18,622
             Withholding personal income tax for employees                                           9,799               4,204
             Rental payables                                                                         2,875                 515
             Other tax payables                                                                        925                  61
             Accrued listing expense                                                                    —                5,382
             Others                                                                                 12,792               9,348


                                                                                                   157,051             131,289


             The carrying amounts of other payables and accruals of the Group are mainly denominated in RMB.




200   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

29   SHORT-TERM BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2024                        2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Short-term bank borrowings                                                                          51,900                      60,000


     All of the Group’s short-term bank borrowings are denominated in RMB. The fair values of the Group’s short-term
     bank borrowings approximate their carrying amounts.

                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2024                        2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Weighted average interest rate                                                                      2.69%                        3.03%


     Secured by:
     Guaranteed by Shenzhen Jingtai and a patent right of Beijing Jingtai (note (i))                       9,900                         —
     Guaranteed by Dr. Wen Shuhao (note (ii))                                                                 —                      30,000
     Guaranteed by Shenzhen Jingtai (note (ii))                                                               —                      15,000
     Guaranteed by Dr. Wen Shuhao, Shenzhen Jingtai and a patent right of
       Beijing Jingtai (note (ii))                                                                             —                       9,500
     Guaranteed by Dr. Wen Shuhao and Shenzhen Jingtai (note (ii))                                             —                       5,500


                                                                                                           9,900                     60,000


     Note:

     (i)     The carrying amount of the patent right of Beijing Jingtai was nil as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

     (ii)    These guarantees were released during the year ended 31 December 2024.


30   DEFERRED GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2024                        2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Deferred government grants                                                                          23,558                      39,475
     Less: Amounts include under current liabilities                                                     (5,754)                     (7,433)


     Amounts include under non-current liabilities                                                       17,804                      32,042


     The government grants were received from the local government as subsidies to the Group’s purchase of property,
     plant and equipment. They were recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of
     the related assets.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      31     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

             Fair value of derivatives not under hedge accounting:
             Cross currency swaps                                                                           —                 560


             As of 31 December 2023, the maturities of the derivative financial instruments are all within one year.


      32     CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES

                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

             Convertible redeemable preferred shares (“CRPS”)                                               —           10,780,342


             The details of each rounds of financing by issuance of convertible redeemable preferred shares to investors are set out
             in the table below:

                                                                        Number         Subscription
                                           Date of issuance            of shares    price per share        Total consideration
                                                                                                           US$’000       RMB’000

             Preferred shares
             Series pre-A                  23 September 2015         145,221,000        RMB0.0138                  —         2,000
             Series A-1                    26 November 2015          250,001,000        RMB0.0979                  —        24,470
             Series A-2                    16 June 2016, July 2016    56,338,300       US$0.018933              1,069        7,436
                                             and 15 September 2017
             Series B                      16 September 2017         301,810,900       US$0.047333           14,286         96,318
             Series B+                     5 September 2018          208,946,000       US$0.143577           30,000        199,014
             Series B+                     26 October 2018            55,718,900       US$0.143577            8,000         53,070
             Series B++                    9 August 2019              29,305,077       US$0.223511            6,550         45,158
             Series C                      28 September 2020         696,568,031      US$0.3758427          261,800      1,790,424
             Series C                      18 June 2021               71,838,567      US$0.3758427           27,000        184,650
             Series D                      5 August 2021             621,632,043      US$0.6112941          380,000      2,458,258




202   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

32   CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES (Continued)
     The key terms of convertible redeemable preferred shares are summarised as follows:

     (i)    Liquidation preference
            In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, all
            assets and funds of the Company legally available for distribution to the shareholders (after satisfaction of all
            claims that may be preferred by applicable law) shall be distributed to the shareholders as follows: except for
            series C and series D preference shares holders, the holder of each series of convertible redeemable preferred
            shares shall be entitled to receive, on parity with each other, an amount equal to 100% of the each series
            preferred shares issue price, plus a simple annual return of 8% calculating from the date the Company received
            the respective applicable issue price to the actual payment date of the settlement, plus all declared but unpaid
            dividends on such respective series preferred shares (collectively, the “Series preference Amount”). For series
            C preference shares holders, the amount to be received would be the higher of 125% of the series C issue price
            plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such series C preferred shares and the Series preference Amount as
            defined above. For series D preference shares holders, the amount to be received would be the higher of 125%
            of the series D issue price plus all declared but unpaid dividends on such series D preferred shares and the
            Series preference Amount as defined above.

            If the assets and funds available for distribution are insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of the
            preference shares, the liquidation preference amount will be paid to the holders of preferred shares and ordinary
            shares in the following order: (1) Series D; (2) Series C; (3) Series B++; (4) Series B+; (5) Series B; (6) Series A-2;
            (7) Series A-1; (8) Series pre-A and (9) all shareholders (including ordinary shareholders). After distributing or
            paying in full the liquidation preference amount to all of the holders of preferred shares and ordinary shares, the
            remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to members, if any, shall be distributed to the holders
            of the preferred shares and ordinary shares on a pro rata basis, based on the number of ordinary shares then
            held by each holder on an as-converted basis.

     (ii)   Dividend rights
            (a)   subject to (ii)(b) below, no dividend or distribution, whether in cash, in property, or in any other equity
                  securities of the Company, shall be declared, paid, set aside or made with respect to the ordinary shares at
                  any time unless all accrued but unpaid dividends on the convertible redeemable preferred shares have been
                  paid in full.

            (b)   If a dividend or other distribution is declared, paid or set aside, subject to (ii)(a) above, it shall be distributed
                  rateably among all shareholder according to the relative number of shares held by such shareholder on an
                  as-converted basis. No dividends shall be distributed to any shareholder unless and until such distribution
                  has been approved unanimously by the board of directors.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      32     CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES (Continued)
             (iii)   Conversion feature
                     The convertible redeemable preferred shares shall be converted into Class A Ordinary Shares at the option of
                     the holders any time, or automatically be converted into Class A Ordinary Shares at the then-effective applicable
                     conversion price, without the payment of any additional consideration, upon the earlier of (i) the qualified IPO; or
                     (ii) the date specified by written consent of agreement of the holders representing at least 51% of each series
                     preferred shares.

                     The conversion ratio, which shall initially be determined based on the issue price of the convertible redeemable
                     preferred shares, shall be adjusted from time to time for (i) share split and combinations, (ii) Ordinary Class A
                     Shares dividends and distributions, (iii) reorganisations, mergers, consolidations, reclassifications, exchanges and
                     substitutions, and (iv) dilutive insurance.

             (iv)    Redemption feature
                     At any time after the earlier of the occurrence of the following event: (i) the Company fails to complete the
                     qualified IPO upon the third anniversary of the date of the Series D Closing Date, and which was modified to
                     March 31, 2025 in November 2023, and further extended to June 30, 2025 by the holders of preferred shares
                     on May 28, 2024; (ii) adverse change in the regulatory environment that will cause the arrangement under the
                     control documents in valid or unenforceable; (iii) any material breach of the transaction documents by any
                     group company or the wilful fraud on the part of founders or founder vehicles which cause the material breach
                     of the transaction documents, or the material violation of applicable law by any group company; (iv) the State
                     Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC (“SAFE”) refrains the domestic company from receiving overseas
                     funds, directly or indirectly, from the Company, which has a material adverse effect on the Company’s principal
                     business; or (v) any preferred shareholder requests the Company to redeem all or part of the outstanding
                     preferred shares because of the aforementioned events, an holder of any other series preferred shares may give
                     a written notice by hand or letter mail or courier service to the Company at its principal executive offices at any
                     time requesting redemption of all or part of the outstanding series preferred shares held by such initiating series
                     holders, in which case the Company shall promptly pay to the initiating series holders and other holders who
                     elect to participate in such redemption for each redeeming preferred share at an amount equivalent to the series
                     issue price with a 8% per annum simple return rate calculating from the date the Company received the series
                     issue price pursuant to the purchase agreements to the series redemption price payment date, deducting any
                     paid dividend on each redeeming preferred share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends on each redeeming
                     preferred share or pro rata for a partial year for each year such series preferred share was outstanding but in any
                     event within ninety days of the date of the redemption notice (collectively, the “Series Redemption Price”).

                     Specially, for each redeeming series C preferred shares, the redemption price is equal to the higher of 125% of
                     the Series C Issue Price plus any declared but unpaid dividends on each Redeeming C Preferred Share or pro
                     rata for a partial year for each year such series C preferred share was outstanding but in any event within ninety
                     (90) days of the date of the series C redemption notice or the Series Redemption Price as defined as above. For
                     each redeeming series D preferred shares, the redemption price is equal to the higher of 125% of the Series
                     D Issue Price plus any declared but unpaid dividends on each Redeeming D Preferred Share or pro rata for a
                     partial year for each year such series D preferred share was outstanding but in any event within ninety (90) days
                     of the date of the series D redemption notice or the Series Redemption Price as defined as above.




204   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

32   CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES (Continued)
     The movements of the CRPS during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out as below:

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                         2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                      RMB’000

     At beginning of the year                                                                10,780,342                   9,320,782
     Change in fair value through profit or loss                                                875,356                   1,275,165
     Change in fair value through other comprehensive income                                     19,774                      20,111
     Currency translation differences                                                            45,946                     164,284
     Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred shares to ordinary shares               (11,721,418)                         —


     At end of the year                                                                                 —               10,780,342


     As at 31 December 2023, the Group has used the discounted cash flow method to determine the underlying share
     value of the Company and adopted equity allocation model to determine the fair value of the CRPS. Key valuation
     assumptions used to determine the fair value of CRPS included discount rate (15%), risk-free interest rate (4.6%),
     discount for lack of control (“DLOC”) (10%) and volatility (65%).

     Discount rate (post-tax) was estimated by weighted average cost of capital as of each valuation date. In determining
     the discount rate, the Group considers various factors including the discount rates adopted by other companies which
     ranged from 12% to 18% and determined its discount rate at a higher end of the range. The Group estimated the risk-
     free interest rate based on the yield of various government bonds with maturity close to the initial public offering timing
     as of valuation date. Volatility was estimated based on annualised standard deviation of daily stock price return of
     comparable companies for a period from the respective valuation date and with similar span as time to expiration.

     Changes in fair value of preferred shares were recorded in “Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred
     shares and other financial liabilities”. And the fair value changes in the convertible redeemable preferred shares that
     are attributable to changes of own credit risk of this liability are recorded in other comprehensive income.

     The Company performed sensitivity test to changes in unobservable inputs in determining the fair value of the
     CRPS. The changes in unobservable inputs including discount rate, risk-free interest rate and volatility will result
     in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. The increase in the fair value of the CRPS would increase
     the loss of fair value changes in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When performing the sensitivity
     test, management applied an increase or decrease to each unobservable input, which represents management’s
     assessment of reasonably possible change to these unobservable inputs. If the Company’s key valuation assumptions
     used to determine the fair value of the CRPS had increased/decreased by 10% with all other variables held constant,
     the estimated fair value changes from carrying amount are listed in below table (assuming the change of key factor
     would not have significant impact on fair value changes attributable to credit risk):

                                                                                              Risk-free
                                                                    Discount rate          interest rate                   Volatility
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000                     RMB’000

     As at 31 December 2023
     Increase 10%                                                       (1,595,683)                (2,658)                     (5,803)
     Decrease 10%                                                        2,128,179                  2,670                       3,647




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      33     SHARE CAPITAL
             Authorised:

                                                                        Class              Class
                                                                   A ordinary         B ordinary            Ordinary            Preferred
                                                                      shares             shares                shares             shares                 Total
                                                                                              (At par value of US$0.00001)

             At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023
                and 1 January 2024                             2,132,966,842         429,653,340                   —      2,437,379,818         5,000,000,000
             Creation of addition of Class A ordinary
                shares                                        95,000,000,000                   —                   —                    —      95,000,000,000
             Conversion of preferred shares into
                Class A ordinary shares                        2,437,379,818                   —                   —     (2,437,379,818)                    —
             Re-designation to ordinary shares
                (Note (i))                                    (99,570,346,660)      (429,653,340)    100,000,000,000                    —                   —


             At 31 December 2024                                            —                  —     100,000,000,000                    —     100,000,000,000


             Issued:

                                                                                                                                              Nominal value of
                                                                   Number of           Number of                                               ordinary shares
                                                                      Class A             Class B          Number of     Total number of          (At par value
                                                              ordinary shares     ordinary shares     ordinary shares    ordinary shares        of US$0.00001)
                                                                         ’000                ’000                                   ’000               RMB’000

             At 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023               352,366,603        429,653,340                   —          782,019,943                   50


             Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred
                shares into Class A ordinary shares              2,437,379,818                 —                   —         2,437,379,818                 173
             Re-designation to ordinary shares                  (2,789,746,421)      (429,653,340)      3,219,399,761                   —                   —
             Issuance of ordinary shares (Note ii)                          —                  —          196,169,000          196,169,000                  14
             Repurchase of shares
                (shares repurchased and cancelled)                          —                  —           (2,045,000)          (2,045,000)                 —


             At 31 December 2024                                            —                  —        3,413,523,761        3,413,523,761                 237

             Notes:

             (i)    Pursuant to the Articles and the Pre-IPO Shareholders’ Agreement, all the preferred shares shall be automatically and
                    immediately converted into Class A ordinary shares upon completion of an initial public offering of the Company. The preferred
                    shares will be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio and subject to customary adjustments.

                    Upon the completion of the initial public offering by the Company on 13 June 2024, all the preferred shares were automatically
                    converted into Class A ordinary shares. Upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding preferred shares into Class A
                    ordinary shares, the weighted voting rights structure also ceased as all Class A and Class B ordinary shares entitle the holder
                    to exercise one vote on all matters subject to the vote general meetings of the Company. Immediate following the above
                    conversion all Class A and Class B ordinary shares are re-designated and reclassified as ordinary shares with par value of
                    US$0.00001 each.

             (ii)   On 13 June 2024, upon the Listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the Company issued 187,373,000 new ordinary
                    shares at par value of US$0.00001 per share for cash consideration of HK$5.28 each. And on 7 July 2024, the Company
                    exercised over-allotment option and issued 8,796,000 new ordinary shares at par value of US$0.00001 per share for cash
                    consideration of HK$5.28 each.




206   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

34   OTHER RESERVES

                                                                                               Share-
                                                                                               based
                                                           Share    Treasury    Exchange     payment
                                                        premium       shares     reserves    reserves         Others              Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2023                                   4,591        (19)    (354,146)     65,866           81,952           (201,756)
     Equity-settled share-based compensation
       — value of employee services                            —          —            —       88,426                 —            88,426
     Changes in fair value of convertible
       redeemable preferred shares due to
       own credit risk                                         —          —            —           —           (20,111)           (20,111)
     Currency translation difference                           —          —       (93,669)         —                —             (93,669)


     As at 31 December 2023                                 4,591        (19)    (447,815)   154,292            61,841           (227,110)
     Changes in fair value of convertible
        redeemable preferred shares due to
        own credit risk                                        —          —            —           —           (19,774)           (19,774)
     Conversion of convertible redeemable
        preferred shares into Class A ordinary
        shares                                         11,721,245         —            —           —                  —       11,721,245
     Transfer of accumulated changes in
        fair value due to own credit risk
        upon derecognition of Convertible
        redeemable Preferred Shares                            —          —            —           —            15,206             15,206
     Issuance of ordinary shares relating to
        initial public offering, net of underwriting
        commissions and other issuance costs             901,648          —            —           —                  —          901,648
     Equity-settled share-based compensation
        — value of employee services                           —          —           —      136,678                  —          136,678
     Exercise of share options                              8,758         —           —       (1,336)                 —            7,422
     Currency translation difference                           —          —          363          —                   —              363


     As at 31 December 2024                            12,636,242        (19)    (447,452)   289,634            57,273        12,535,678




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      35     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
             During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group has a Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan and a Post-IPO
             RSU Scheme in place under which options and RSUs have been granted.

             (a)    Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan
                    During the year ended 31 December 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment
                    of the Omnibus Incentive Plan (“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan”) with the purpose of motivating, attracting and
                    retaining those individuals for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the shareholders of the
                    Group. The Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is valid and effective for 10 years from the date of the approval of the
                    board of directors. The maximum aggregated number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO
                    Incentive Plan is 298,041,143 ordinary shares.

                    According to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan, 298,041,143 ordinary shares have been reserved under
                    QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited, the shareholding platform to be issued to any qualified participants.

                    The exercise price of options is based on a fixed price in the agreement with employees. The term of the Option
                    shall expire at close of the principal stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded on the
                    tenth (10th) anniversary of the Grant Date, unless terminated earlier in accordance herewith. In no event may any
                    portion of the Option be exercised after it has expire.

                    Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:

                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                         average
                                                                                                   Number of       exercise price
                                                                                                     options     per share option
                                                                                                                             US$

                    Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                                              297,555,144                  0.16
                    Granted during the year                                                        14,527,004                  0.25
                    Forfeited during the year                                                     (21,050,000)                (0.21)
                    Exercised during the year                                                      (7,787,000)                (0.13)


                    Outstanding as at 31 December 2024                                            283,245,148                  0.17


                    Vested and exercisable at 31 December 2024                                    177,156,898                  0.11


                    Outstanding as at 1 January 2023                                              206,691,385                  0.15
                    Granted during the year                                                        98,873,759                  0.25
                    Forfeited during the year                                                      (8,010,000)                (0.17)


                    Outstanding as at 31 December 2023                                            297,555,144                  0.16


                    Vested and exercisable at 31 December 2023                                              —                    —




208   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

35   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     (a)   Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
           Share options under Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry
           date and exercise prices:

           Grant date           Expiry date          Exercise price   Vesting year                              2024                 2023
                                                               US$

           1 October 2015       1 October 2025             0.00001    4 years from grant date             22,837,200          22,837,200
           1 October 2015       14 July 2031               0.00082    4 years from grant date             10,000,000          10,000,000
           26 November 2015     26 November 2025           0.00032    4 years from grant date              1,350,000           1,550,000
           1 March 2016         1 March 2026               0.00032    4 years from grant date              1,500,000           1,500,000
           1 March 2016         1 March 2026               0.00150    4 years from grant date              8,000,000           8,000,000
           1 March 2016         1 March 2026               0.00284    4 years from grant date                120,000             200,000
           1 February 2017      1 February 2027            0.00150    4 years from grant date              7,000,000           7,000,000
           1 February 2017      1 February 2027            0.00284    4 years from grant date              1,002,000           1,190,000
           1 February 2017      1 February 2027            0.01733    4 years from grant date                     —               80,000
           1 March 2017         1 March 2027               0.00150    4 years from grant date              5,000,000           5,000,000
           1 June 2017          1 June 2027                0.00284    4 years from grant date                     —            2,500,000
           16 September 2017    16 September 2027          0.00284    4 years from grant date              1,905,000           3,375,000
           16 September 2017    16 September 2027          0.02160    4 years from grant date                700,000             700,000
           1 August 2018        1 August 2028              0.00284    4 years from grant date                     —            3,000,000
           1 August 2018        1 August 2028              0.00710    4 years from grant date              1,841,000           2,850,000
           1 August 2018        1 August 2028              0.07352    4 years from grant date                570,000             670,000
           1 March 2019         1 March 2029               0.00710    4 years from grant date              1,908,000           2,560,000
           1 March 2019         1 March 2029               0.09421    4 years from grant date              3,789,000           4,224,500
           3 September 2019     3 September 2029           0.00284    4 years from grant date              1,000,000           1,000,000
           3 September 2019     3 September 2029           0.02872    4 years from grant date              1,128,000           1,790,000
           3 September 2019     3 September 2029           0.26309    4 years from grant date                532,149             532,149
           1 March 2020         1 March 2030               0.06705    4 years from grant date                680,000           1,030,000
           1 March 2020         1 March 2030               0.17441    4 years from grant date                800,000             900,000
           28 September 2020    28 September 2030          0.18792    4 years from grant date                360,000             560,000
           1 January 2021       1 January 2031             0.00284    4 years from grant date              2,600,000           2,600,000
           1 January 2021       1 January 2031             0.18792    4 years from grant date                 30,000              30,000
           1 January 2021       1 January 2031             0.18792    Fully vested upon listing           11,977,500          12,000,000
           15 April 2021        15 April 2031              0.00284    4 years from grant date              2,665,925           2,665,925
           15 April 2021        15 April 2031              0.18792    4 years from grant date              1,340,000           1,340,000
           15 April 2021        15 April 2031              0.18792    4 years from grant date             36,595,019          36,752,019
           15 April 2021        15 April 2031              0.18792    4 years from grant date             38,183,589          38,183,589
           15 April 2021        15 April 2031              0.33876    4 years from grant date              2,250,000           3,400,000
           1 October 2021       1 October 2031             0.18792    4 years from grant date                240,000             350,000
           26 November 2021     26 November 2031           0.30565    4 years from grant date                 12,500              50,000
           1 January 2022       1 January 2032             0.30565    4 years from grant date              1,900,000           2,100,000
           11 January 2022      11 January 2032            0.18792    4 years from grant date                300,000             300,000
           31 March 2022        31 March 2032              0.18792    4 years from grant date                100,000             100,000
           31 March 2022        31 March 2032              0.30565    4 years from grant date                 80,000              90,000
           30 June 2022         30 June 2032               0.30565    4 years from grant date                281,004             291,004
           30 June 2022         30 June 2032               0.52234    4 years from grant date                 80,000             130,000
           30 September 2022    30 September 2032          0.30565    4 years from grant date              1,025,000           2,200,000
           31 December 2022     31 December 2032           0.30565    4 years from grant date                350,000          12,400,000


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      35     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
             (a)    Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan (Continued)


                    Grant date                       Expiry date          Exercise price    Vesting year                           2024            2023
                                                                                    US$

                    31 December 2022                 31 December 2032           0.46200     4 years from grant date            720,000           800,000
                    31 March 2023                    31 March 2033              0.30565     4 years from grant date             40,000           570,000
                    30 June 2023                     30 June 2033               0.30565     4 years from grant date            270,000           270,000
                    30 September 2023                30 September 2033          0.30565     4 years from grant date          2,350,500         3,200,000
                    30 September 2023                30 September 2033          0.18792     4 years from grant date          7,763,000         8,770,000
                    30 September 2023                30 September 2033          0.18792     3 years from grant date             80,000            80,000
                    30 September 2023                30 September 2033          0.48000     4 years from grant date          1,960,000         1,960,000
                    24 November 2023                 24 November 2033           0.48000     4 years from grant date            100,000           100,000
                    24 November 2023                 24 November 2033           0.30565     4 years from grant date                 —             70,000
                    24 November 2023                 24 November 2033           0.24678     4 years from grant date         83,703,758        83,703,758
                    1 March 2024                     1 March 2034               0.18792     4 years from grant date         11,595,004                —
                    1 March 2024                     1 March 2034               0.30565     4 years from grant date            150,000                —
                    1 March 2024                     1 March 2034               0.52700     4 years from grant date          2,480,000                —


                                                                                                                           283,245,148       297,555,144


                    Weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at end of year                              7.17             7.03


                    The options may exercise of any time after the IPO of the Company provided the options have vested and
                    subject to the term of the share option agreement.

                    The Group estimate the expected forfeiture rate at the end of vesting periods (“Forfeiture Rate”) of the share
                    options granted in order to determine the amount of share-based payment expenses charged to profit or loss.
                    The Forfeiture Rate of the share options of the Group to grantees were assessed to be ranging from 8.3% to
                    15% during the year ended 31 December 2024.

                    The directors of the Company have used the binomial model to determine the fair value of the options as at the
                    respective grant dates, which is to be expensed over the relevant vesting period.

                    Other than the exercise price mentioned above, significant judgment on parameter such as risk free rate,
                    dividend yield and expected volatility, are required to be made by the directors in applying the binomial model,
                    which are summarised as below:

                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                           2024                    2023

                    Fair value per share (in US$)                                                                       0.33–0.5          0.3719–0.4725
                    Exercise price (in US$)                                                                            0.19–0.59          0.1879–0.4800
                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                               4.18%            3.84%–4.57%
                    Expected Life                                                                                       10 years                10 years
                    Expected volatility                                                                                  79.23%                73%-74%
                    Dividend yield                                                                                            —                       —




210   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

35   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Post-IPO RSU Scheme
           On 28 May 2024, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment of the Post-IPO RSU
           Scheme. The aggregate number of awarded shares currently permitted to be awarded under the share award
           scheme is limited to 204,406,365 new shares.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company granted certain RSUs to eligible grantees, without
           consideration following the terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, subject to the satisfaction of certain
           performance requirements as set out in the awards agreements and shall vest from grant date over four years.

           Movement in the number of RSUs granted to eligible grantees of the Group for the years ended 31 December
           2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Weghted
                                                                                         Number             average grant
                                                                                         of RSUs            date fair value
                                                                                                                       HK$

           Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                                                    —                             —
           Granted during the year                                                      1,800,000                          5.50


           Outstanding as at 31 December 2024                                           1,800,000                          5.50


           The fair value of the RSUs was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s shares on the date of
           grant.

     (c)   Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
           During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, share-based payment expenses of RMB136,678,000 and
           RMB88,426,000 were recognised respectively.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      36     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
             (a)    Cash generated from operation


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

                    Loss before income tax                                                     (1,514,869)     (1,906,323)
                    Adjustments for:
                    — Depreciation of property and equipment                                      83,382           70,812
                    — Amortisation of intangible assets                                            3,421            5,678
                    — Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         52,662           45,232
                    — Gains on termination and modification of lease                              (7,229)         (13,686)
                    — Gain on a transfer of investment in an associate to financial assets
                         measured at FVTPL                                                            —            (70,249)
                    — Net fair value changes on FVTPL                                            (29,592)            1,415
                    — Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares           875,356        1,275,165
                    — Disposal of investment in an associate                                          50                —
                    — Net impairment losses on financial assets                                    1,228               217
                    — Share-based compensation expenses                                          136,678            88,426
                    — Share of loss in equity method investments                                   4,191             1,964
                    — Foreign exchange losses                                                      1,951            40,368
                    — Finance income                                                             (55,642)        (102,693)
                    — Finance expenses                                                             6,757             9,575

                    Changes in working capital:
                    — Trade and other receivables                                                 (87,197)          (2,503)
                    — Trade and other payables                                                     63,722            8,331
                    — Contract costs                                                               21,038           (4,611)
                    — Contract assets                                                              (3,629)              —
                    — Contract liabilities                                                         (8,742)         10,139
                    — Deferred governments grant                                                  (22,217)        (24,821)


                    Cash used in operations                                                     (478,681)        (567,564)




212   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

36   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
     (b)   Net cash/(debt) reconciliation
           As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the net cash/(debt) of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2024                        2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000                     RMB’000

           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      1,166,148                    710,761
           Term deposits                                                                                    170,404                  1,271,905
           Short-term borrowings                                                                            (51,900)                    (59,771)
           Lease liabilities                                                                                (96,865)                  (195,965)
           Convertible redeemable preferred shares                                                               —                 (10,780,342)


           Net cash/(debt)                                                                                1,187,787                 (9,053,412)


           An analysis of the movements in net cash/(debt) during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 is as
           follows:

                                                                                                                   Convertible
                                                               Cash                                                redeemable
                                                           and cash        Term       Short-term        Lease        preferred
                                                         equivalents    deposits      borrowings    liabilities        shares            Net debt
                                                           RMB’000                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2023                             574,219     2,537,703        (35,780)     (93,454)       (9,320,782)        (6,338,094)
           Addition of right-of-use assets                       —              —             —     (217,621)                —            (217,621)
           Disposal of right-of-use assets                       —              —             —        74,808                —              74,808
           Cash flows                                       136,275    (1,303,098)       (24,000)      40,302                           (1,150,521)
           Effect on exchange difference                        267        (64,822)           —            —           (164,284)          (228,839)
           Change in fair value through profit or loss           —              —             —            —         (1,275,165)        (1,275,165)
           Change in fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                —           —               —            —            (20,111)          (20,111)
           Interest received                                      —      102,122              —            —                 —            102,122
           Interest expense                                       —           —           (1,545)      (8,030)               —              (9,575)
           Interest payments                                      —           —            1,554        8,030                —               9,584


           As at 31 December 2023                           710,761     1,271,905        (59,771)   (195,965)      (10,780,342)         (9,053,412)
           Addition of right-of-use assets                       —              —             —       (39,296)               —              (39,296)
           Disposal of right-of-use assets                       —              —             —        91,593                —               91,593
           Cash flows                                       435,412    (1,141,953)         7,871       46,803                —            (651,867)
           Effect on exchange difference                     19,975        (15,190)           —            —            (45,946)            (41,161)
           Change in fair value through profit or loss           —              —             —            —          (875,356)           (875,356)
           Change in fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                —             —             —             —           (19,774)           (19,774)
           Conversion of convertible redeemable
              preferred shares to ordinary shares                 —            —              —            —        11,721,418         11,721,418
           Interest income                                        —        55,642             —            —                —              55,642
           Interest expense                                       —            —          (1,780)      (4,977)              —              (6,757)
           Interest payments                                      —            —           1,780        4,977               —               6,757


           As at 31 December 2024                          1,166,148     170,404         (51,900)     (96,865)                —         1,187,787


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      37     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

             Financial assets
             Measured at amortised cost
             Trade and note receivables (Note 22)                                 98,746         38,506
             Contract assets                                                       3,586             —
             Prepayments, deposit and other receivables (Note 23)                 11,596         12,144
             Restricted cash (Note 24)                                               797          2,337
             Term deposit (Note 25)                                              170,404      1,271,905
             Cash and cash equivalents (Note 26)                               1,166,148        710,761


                                                                               1,451,277      2,035,653


             Measured at fair value
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 20)   2,341,109      1,287,391


                                                                               3,792,386      3,323,044


             Financial liabilities
             Measured at amortised cost
             Trade payables (Note 27)                                            16,143             13,654
             Other payables and accruals (Note 28)                               77,766             57,579
             Lease liabilities (Note 16)                                         96,865            195,965
             Short-term bank borrowing (Note 29)                                 51,900             60,000


                                                                                242,674            327,198


             Measured at fair value
             Derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                               —             560
             Convertible redeemable preferred shares (Note 32)                        —      10,780,342


                                                                                      —      10,780,902


                                                                                242,674      11,108,100


      38     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

             Contracted but not recognised:
             Short-term lease commitment                                          3,144              4,198




214   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

39   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
     exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also
     considered to be related if they are subjected to common control. Members of key management and their close family
     members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the year ended
     31 December 2024. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in
     the normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)   Transactions with related parties


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Revenue from services provided for associates                                            436                       2,357
           Services purchased from a shareholder                                                     —                        2,569


           Revenue from services provided and services purchased were based on terms mutually agreed with related
           parties and in the ordinary course of business.

     (b)   Balances with related parties


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Loan to an associate and interest receivable                                           1,530                           —
           Amounts receivable from associates                                                       210                          395
           Amounts payable to related parties
           A shareholder (trade)                                                                     —                           95
           An associate (non-trade)                                                               4,886                       5,048


     (c)   Key management personnel compensation


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                         51,013                       51,599
           Pensions costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits                         3,399                        2,900
           Share-based compensation expenses                                                  106,135                       90,287


                                                                                              160,547                      144,786




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      40     FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
             (a)    Statement of financial position of the Company


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

                    Assets
                    Non-current assets
                    Investment in subsidiaries                               5,100,610       5,205,453
                    Investment in an associate                                      —               —
                    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      157,326         120,195


                                                                             5,257,936       5,325,648


                    Current assets
                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                10,641             2,007
                    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     758,254                —
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                 384,786               252


                                                                             1,153,681            2,259


                    Total assets                                             6,411,617       5,327,907


                    Equity
                    Share capital                                                  237               50
                    Other reserves                                          12,658,674         (147,234)
                    Accumulated losses                                      (6,273,113)      (5,314,887)


                    Total equity/(deficits)                                  6,385,798       (5,462,071)


                    Liabilities
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Convertible redeemable preferred shares                         —       10,780,342


                                                                                    —       10,780,342


                    Current liabilities
                    Other payables and accruals                                 25,819            9,636


                                                                                25,819            9,636


                    Total liabilities                                           25,819      10,789,978


                    Total equity/(deficits) and liabilities                  6,411,617       5,327,907




216   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

40   FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     (b)   Other reserve of the Company

                                                                                                Share-
                                                                                                based
                                                            Share    Treasury    Exchange     payment
                                                         premium       shares     reserves    reserves        Others              Total
                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2023                              4,591        (19)    (232,717)     65,866          24,679          (137,600)
           Equity-settled share-based compensation              —          —            —       88,426              —             88,426
           Changes in fair value of convertible
             redeemable preferred shares due to
             own credit risk                                    —          —            —           —          (20,111)          (20,111)
           Currency translation difference                      —          —       (77,949)         —               —            (77,949)


           As at 31 December 2023                            4,591        (19)    (310,666)   154,292            4,568          (147,234)
           Conversion of convertible redeemable
              preferred shares into Class A ordinary
              shares                                    11,721,245         —            —           —                 —      11,721,245
           Transfer of accumulated changes in fair
              value due to own credit risk upon
              derecognition of convertible redeemable
              preferred shares                                  —          —            —           —           15,206            15,206
           Fair value change on convertible
              redeemable preferred shares due to
              own credit risk                                   —          —            —           —          (19,774)          (19,774)
           Issuance of ordinary shares initial public
              offering (“IPO”), net of underwriting
              commissions and other issuance costs        901,648          —            —          —                  —          901,648
           Proceeds from exercise of share options          8,758          —            —      (1,336)                —            7,422
           Equity-settled share-based compensation             —           —            —     136,678                 —          136,678
           Currency translation difference                     —           —        43,483         —                  —           43,483


           As at 31 December 2024                       12,636,242        (19)    (267,183)   289,634                 —      12,658,674


41   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no material contingent liabilities to the Group.

42   EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On 24 January 2025, the Group successfully completed a placing of 264,000,000 new Shares at the price of HK$4.28
     per Share. The total gross proceeds from the placing the Group are approximately HK$1,130 million, and the net
     proceeds (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the placing
     amounted to approximately HK$1,125 million.

     On 19 February 2025, the Group successfully completed a further placing of 342,288,000 new Shares at the price of
     HK$6.10 per Share. The total gross proceeds from the placing the Group are approximately HK$2,088 million, and
     the net proceeds (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) arising from the
     placing amounted to approximately HK$2,080 million.

     Up to the report date, the Group has entered into several equity related investments with several entities with total
     consideration of approximately RMB69 million.



                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   217
      Definitions

      In this annual report unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meaning set out below.


      “Articles of Association”                      the ninth amended and restated articles of association of the Company adopted
                                                     by special resolution on 28 May 2024 and effective on 13 June 2024, as amended,
                                                     supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Audit Committee”                              the audit committee of our Board

      “Board”                                        the board of Directors

      “BVI”                                          the British Virgin Islands

      “CCASS”                                        the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong
                                                     Securities Clearing Company Limited

      “China” or “PRC”                               the People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this annual report and for
                                                     geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise, references
                                                     in this report to “China” and the “PRC” do not apply to Hong Kong, the Macao Special
                                                     Administrative Region and Taiwan

      “close associate(s)”                           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “Company”                                      XtalPi Holdings Limited 晶泰控股有限公司, an exempted company incorporated in the
                                                     Cayman Islands with limited liability on 28 April 2017, the Shares of which are listed on
                                                     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2228)

      “Corporate Governance Code”                    the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

      “Crete Helix”                                  Crete Helix Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 25 May 2021,
                                                     which is owned as to 1% by Jian Guo Pai and 99% by MH International

      “CRPS”                                         Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares

      “Director(s)”                                  the director(s) of our Company

      “ESG”                                          environmental, social and governance

      “FVTPL”                                        fair value through profit or loss

      “Global Offering”                              has the same meaning as defined in the Prospectus

      “Group”                                        the Company and its subsidiaries

      “HK$”                                          Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “HKEX Guide”                                   the “Guide for New Listing Applicants” published by the Stock Exchange in November
                                                     2023 which took effect on 1 January 2024

      “Hong Kong” or “HK”                            the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




218   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                               Definitions

“IFRS”                          IFRS Accounting Standards, which include standards, amendments and interpretations
                                promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International
                                Accounting Standards and Interpretation issued by the International Accounting
                                Standards Committee

“Listing”                       the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                  13 June 2024, being the date on which the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“LPHappy Family Trust”          the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 by Dr. Lai Lipeng as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“LPHappy Holding”               LPHappy Holding Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 28
                                June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of
                                the LPHappy Family Trust

“MH Fund Trust”                 the discretionary trust established on 29 June 2021 by Dr. Ma Jian as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“MH International Holdings”     MH International Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                on 28 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                                trustee of MH Fund Trust

“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nomination Committee”          the nomination committee of our Board

“Ordinary Share(s)” or “Share(s)” the ordinary share(s) of US$0.00001 each (or such par value as adjusted from time to
                                  time) in the share capital of the Company

“Pathfinder SII”                has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 2.5 of the HKEX Guide, and unless the context
                                otherwise requires, refers to the Pre-IPO Investor(s) the details of which are set out in
                                “History, Development and Corporate Structure–Pre-IPO Investments–Information about
                                the Pre-IPO Investors–Our Pathfinder SIIs and Sophisticated Independent Investors” in
                                the Prospectus

“Post-IPO RSU Scheme”           the restricted share unit scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May
                                2024 which came into effect upon Listing

“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May 2024
                               which came into effect upon Listing

“Pre-IPO ESOP”                  the QuantumPharm Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan as adopted by the Shareholders on
                                14 July 2021 and amended on 5 August 2021

“Pre-IPO Investor(s)”           the investor(s) of the pre-IPO investment(s) in the Company, the details of which are
                                set out in “History, Development and Corporate Structure—Pre-IPO Investments” in the
                                Prospectus


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   219
      Definitions

      “Prospectus”                                   the prospectus of the Company dated 4 June 2024

      “RSU(s)”                                       restricted share unit(s)

      “QuantumPharm Employee                         the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 with TMF Trust (HK) Limited as
        Benefit Trust”                               trustee and 13 employees of our Group as beneficiaries for the purpose of managing and
                                                     administering the options granted to them under the Pre-IPO ESOP

      “QuantumPharm Employee                         QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
        Holdings”                                    liability on 25 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK)
                                                     Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust

      “QuantumPharm Holdings”                        QuantumPharm Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                                     on 25 April 2017, which is owned as to 1% by SSBL Holdings and 99% by WSH Family
                                                     Holdings

      “QuantumPharm Roc”                             QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                                     liability on 12 April 2019, which is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings

      “Remuneration Committee”                       the remuneration committee of our Board

      “Renminbi” or “RMB”                            the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Reporting Period”                             the one-year period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024

      “Scheme Limit”                                 the maximum number of Shares in respect of which options and awards may be granted
                                                     under the share schemes of the Company

      “Sevening B Holdings”                          Sevening B Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on
                                                     20 April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Lai Lipeng

      “SeveningBAlpha”                               SeveningBAlpha Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                                     May 2021, which is owned as to 1% by Sevening B Holdings and 99% by LPHappy
                                                     Holding

      “SFO”                                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

      “Shareholder(s)”                               holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “SSBL Holdings”                                SSBL Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                                     April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Wen Shuhao

      “Stock Exchange”                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary(ies)”                              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “Treasury Shares”                              Shares repurchased and held by the Company in treasury (which include Shares
                                                     repurchased by the Company and held or deposited in CCASS for sale on the Stock
                                                     Exchange) from time to time

      “U.S.” or “United States”                      the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United
                                                     States, and the District of Columbia


220   XtalPi Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                       Definitions

“US$”                   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“WSH Family Holdings”   WSH Family Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                        on 27 August 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                        trustee of the WSH Family Trust

“WSH Family Trust”      the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 by Dr. Wen Shuhao as the settlor
                        with TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“%”                     per cent




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   XtalPi Holdings Limited   221
