QuantumPharm Inc.
( Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(於開曼群島註冊成立之有限公司)

Stock Code 股 份 代 號 : 2 2 2 8




2024
INTERIM REPORT
中期報告
Contents




Corporate Information                                      2

Warning under Rule 18C.19(5) of the Listing Rules          4

Financial Summary                                          5

Corporate Profile                                          6

Management Discussion and Analysis                         7

Corporate Governance and Other Information                 21

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information          34

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         35

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   36

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                       37

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      39

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             41

Notes to Interim Financial Information                     42

Definitions                                                68
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        LEGAL ADVISORS
    Executive Directors                       As to Hong Kong laws
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)                 Sidley Austin
    Dr. Ma Jian                               39/F, Two International Finance Centre
    Dr. Lai Lipeng                            8 Finance Street
    Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                       Central
                                              Hong Kong
    Non-executive Director
    Dr. Gu Cuiping
                                              AUDITOR
                                              PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Independent Non-executive Directors       Certified Public Accountants and
                                              Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                              22/F, Prince’s Building
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                              Central
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                              Hong Kong

    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                              COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
    Dr. Wen Shuhao
                                              UOB Kay Hian (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. Tam Man Hong
                                              6/F, Harcourt House
                                              39 Gloucester Road
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                              Hong Kong
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang
                                              PO Box 309
                                              Ugland House
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                              Grand Cayman
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (Chairman)      KY1-1104
    Dr. Ma Jian                               Cayman Islands
    Mr. Chow Ming Sang

                                              HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                              BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Dr. Wen Shuhao (Chairman)
                                              3/F, Second Phase of the International
    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
                                              Biomedical Industrial Park
    Ms. Chan Wing Ki
                                              No. 2 Hongliu Road
                                              Futian District
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                 Shenzhen
    Mr. Tam Man Hong                          PRC
    Ms. Chan Sau Ling




2   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                           Corporate Information

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
5/F, Manulife Place
348 Kwun Tong Road
Kowloon
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
2228


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.xtalpi.com




                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   3
    Warning under Rule 18C.19(5) of the Listing Rules

    Our Company is a Specialist Technology Company (as defined in Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules). In addition,
    our Company is a Pre-Commercial Company (as defined in Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules), which is a
    Specialist Technology Company that has not met the revenue requirement as set out in Rule 18C.03(4) of the
    Listing Rules.

    WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY ACHIEVE THE REVENUE REQUIREMENT AS SET OUT IN RULE
    18C.03(4) OF THE LISTING RULES.




4   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                         Financial Summary


                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                2024                       2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)


Revenue                                                                                                    102,630                       79,967
Research and development expenses                                                                         (210,390)                    (234,421)
Loss for the period                                                                                     (1,237,550)                    (620,297)
Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) *                                                                    (251,396)                    (357,522)

*    Adjusted net loss is not defined under the IFRS. It represents the loss for the period excluding the effect brought by (i) changes in fair
     value of CRPS, (ii) share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   5
    Corporate Profile

    We are a quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative R&D platform. We adopt a combination of
    quantum physics-based first-principles calculation1, AI, high performance cloud computing, and scalable and standardized
    robotic automation to provide drug and material science R&D solutions and services to global and domestic companies
    in the pharmaceutical and material science (including agritech, energy and new chemicals, and cosmetics) industries and
    beyond.

    We have a diverse customer base, ranging from start-ups to global biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, as
    well as unicorns and leading companies in the field of new materials. Our customer base includes 16 of the top 20 global
    biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies ranked by revenue in 2022 according to Frost & Sullivan, which we believe
    is an indicator of the caliber of our solutions and services. With operations in both China and the U.S., we strive to take
    advantage of the best capabilities and resources available to us in each region to meet the evolving needs of our customers
    and collaborators and academic partners. We have well-established and longstanding relationship with many of the world’s
    leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical conglomerates and leading companies in the field of new materials, such
    as Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and GCL Group, many of which are our repeat
    customers. Since our founding, we have received substantial investments and support from world-renowned private equity
    and strategic investors, including HongShan, Mirae Asset, Google, Tencent, China Life Chengda, and 5Y Capital. We
    believe our blue-chip shareholder base and prominent customer base is a testament to our capabilities and prospects.


    VISION
    Our vision is becoming the global leader in quantum physics-based, AI-powered drug and material science R&D.

    MISSION
    Our mission is a world of smarter science, better lives.

    We aim to accelerate the design and discovery of novel drugs and materials leveraging quantum physics2, AI and robotic
    automation.




    1     Quantum physics is the study of matter and energy at the most fundamental level, aiming to uncover the properties and behaviors of
          the very building blocks of nature. First-principles calculation is a method to calculate physical properties directly from basic physical
          quantities, such as the mass and charge, and the electrostatic force of an electron, based on the principle of quantum mechanics.

    2     Our business does not involve quantum computing or the use of quantum computers, nor is quantum computing or the use of
          quantum computers a primary mode of our operations.


6   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

OVERVIEW
We are a globally leading, quantum physics-based, AI-powered, and robotics-driven, innovative R&D platform. We adopt a
combination of quantum physics-based first-principles calculation, advanced AI, high-performance cloud computing, and
scalable and standardised robotic automation to provide drug and material science R&D solutions and services to global
conglomerates and innovative companies in the pharmaceutical and material science industries (including agritech, energy
and new chemicals, and cosmetics) and beyond. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, we derived revenue from the
provision of drug discovery solutions and intelligent automation solutions.

Drug discovery solutions. We principally provide drug discovery solutions to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies
in exchange for service fees as we deliver research results to our customers. We also expect to receive additional royalties,
milestone or contingent payments if our collaboration programmes reach particular milestones or events contemplated in
the respective contracts in the future, such as successful commercialisation in particular regions.

Intelligent automation solutions. Our intelligent automation solutions primarily consist of solid-state R&D services and
automated chemical synthesis services. We generate revenue from intelligent automation solutions in the form of service
fees.

The Ordinary Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since 13 June 2024. We are the first
Specialist Technology Company listed under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Research and Development Progress
Large Model — Drug Discovery Solutions


•    We have completed the construction of a single-cell large model for target discovery and drug screening. By building a
     basic model centred on single cells, we have enabled high-throughput drug screening at a lower cost and have
     developed an interpretable mechanism for target research leveraging external knowledge bases.

•    We have established an mRNA display peptide library and screening technology for the screening of peptide drug
     molecules, including the screening of linear, monocyclic and bicyclic peptide binders based on drug targets. As of 30
     June 2024, the encoded peptide library has reached a scale of 1012–1013.

•    We have developed a peptide molecule design platform based on a diffusion model to facilitate the generation of
     peptide molecules. The platform can quickly design peptide molecules based on specific epitopes within a protein
     structure, and supports the design of various peptide types, including the diffusion and generation of linear and cyclic
     peptides, and the generation of customised secondary structures, including helices and ß-strands, with a cycle time
     of only 1 to 2 weeks.

•    We have completed the development of our XtalFold2 algorithm which supports ultra-large complexes and enables
     structural prediction of protein complexes exceeding 2,000 amino acids, significantly broadening its application
     scope.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    Large Model — Intelligent Automation Solutions
    During the Reporting Period, we upgraded the robotic automatic wet lab platform, and built a future chemistry platform
    using large models in the field of chemistry, which is applied to the chemical reaction path, synthesis strategy
    recommendation and chemical experiments of biological medicines and material molecules, significantly improving the
    efficiency of traditional chemical experiments. During the Reporting Period, we made remarkable achievements in the core
    research elements of the platform, including intelligence, automation and digitalisation.

    •     In terms of digitalisation, we doubled our monthly R&D data collection capacity by optimising data collection standards
          and improving processes. Leveraging our self-developed automated synthesis platform and integrated reaction and
          monitoring system, we have built a new-generation chemical reaction big data generation platform and achieved the
          integration of reaction, filtration and analysis, thereby significantly enhancing our data production and reaction
          detection efficiency.

    •     In terms of intelligence, we trained over 10 AI models for predicting chemical reactions using our self-developed
          platform’s real experimental data, achieving prediction accuracies exceeding 80% for three reaction types commonly
          used in pharmaceutical chemistry. Meanwhile, our model notably outperforms synthesis experts in judging failed
          reactions.

    •     In terms of automation, we employed AI technology to select building blocks and recommend reaction conditions in
          library synthesis, which greatly improves reaction success rates with a rate of over 90% in real-world business
          scenarios. In the first half of 2024, we successfully developed the first-generation LCMS spectrum analysis algorithm,
          which can independently identify the MS signals of target compounds and correct UV absorption coefficients through
          AI and quantum physics, thereby independently judging the content and separation difficulty of target compounds.
          Currently, this algorithm has been applied to more than 80% of our library synthesis business experiments to
          automatically determine results, with an accuracy rate exceeding 95% based on the results of manual sampling
          review. In our work with the Experimental Drug Development Centre (EDDC), Singapore’s national platform for drug
          R&D hosted by the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), we redesigned our customers’ synthetic
          routes tailored to their project characteristics. Based on our algorithm capabilities, we have designed and put into
          operation an automated multi-step high-efficiency solution faster than expected.

    •     We firmly believe that only by achieving commercial success can our R&D investment plays a new quality productive
          forces’ role in promoting industry and societal development. Therefore, in addition to our heavy investment in
          technology R&D, we have also established an end-to-end digital platform integrating eight subsystems and
          incorporating processes such as procurement, quality control and compound library management, greatly enhancing
          our delivery efficiency.

    Business Highlights
    •     One drug candidate we are developing in collaboration with META has obtained the Rare Pediatric Disease
          Designation (RPDD) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of Primary Hyperoxaluria
          (PH). Our strong AI and automation capabilities have accelerated and empowered the entire R&D process. This
          pipeline has entered into the pre-clinical candidate (PCC) stage and is scheduled to begin a phase I clinical safety
          evaluation for healthy subjects in Australia in the first half of 2025.

    •     The world’s first targeted drug candidate for the treatment of diffuse gastric cancer, which we are developing in
          collaboration with Signet, has obtained an IND approval from the FDA. This is potentially the world’s first innovative
          targeted drug integrating AI and organoid disease models. In the drug discovery and design processes, we designed
          and optimised a candidate compound with a novel molecular structure and superior comprehensive drug properties
          within just over six months based on the innovative targets discovered by Signet, significantly enhancing R&D
          efficiency. Subsequent to Signet’s receipt of the IND approval, we received our first clinical milestone payment, which
          is a significant commercial milestone for us.


8   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

•   Following our entry into a US$250 million cooperation on AI-driven small-molecule drug discovery with a leading global
    pharmaceutical company headquartered in Indianapolis, which has been undergoing smoothly, we further expanded
    the collaboration into solid-state research during the Reporting Period.

•   We successfully delivered our first “library synthesis” project, with repeat orders from existing major customers and
    stable growth in new product orders. By leveraging our chemical big data and large models, we continue to explore
    new business opportunities and expect promising applications in fine chemicals, catalysts and building blocks.

•   Our tumour vaccine programme in cooperation with CK Life Science was presented in a poster at the American
    Association for Cancer Research conference in the United States in April 2024. An AI-empowered platform has been
    developed under this programme, to enhance the accuracy of immunogenicity prediction and to facilitate the design
    of more effective cancer vaccines based on the prediction results. The relevant pipeline has demonstrated good pre-
    clinical performance currently.

•   In August 2024, we entered into a technical cooperation with N1 Life focusing on innovative drug delivery technology,
    which integrated peptide molecule design with artificial intelligence and our high-throughput and automatic screening
    platform, to develop a safer and more efficient drug delivery system for large-molecule drugs and nucleic acid drugs
    targeting ophthalmic diseases.

•   In terms of large molecule business, we have so far signed contracts with over 20 customers worldwide, about half of
    which are overseas customers including large multinational pharmaceutical companies as well as small-and
    medium-sized biotechnology companies. These collaborations involve early-stage discovery of large molecule
    including antibody, antibody engineering and computing services based on AI models.

•   In the first half of 2024, we launched our Ailux brand specifically for overseas market under our large molecule
    business. It has now established good market recognition through multi-level marketing activities, and becoming an
    iconic brand in the field of AI+ large molecule drugs.

•   Up to now, the delivery success rate under our large molecule business is close to 100%, through which we have
    gradually established a good reputation with a high customer satisfaction and repurchase rate.

•   Our business has made rapid strides in the field of new material R&D, including our XtalPi R&D solutions. We have
    achieved significant breakthroughs in AI-recommended electrolyte formulas, fully automated electrolyte R&D
    processes, fully automated organic synthesis workflows, high-throughput catalyst synthesis, pre-processing for
    catalyst analysis, innovative intelligent automated integration platforms for new TCM, development of new cosmetics
    and food ingredients, development of non-animal evaluation models, automated dispensing for high-throughput
    engineering bacterial powder, and fully automated sample pre-processing, enabling full-process automation,
    digitisation and intelligence. In the fields of power batteries, organic synthesis research, traditional Chinese medicine,
    the chemical industry, cosmetics and food, we provide safer, more efficient, and more reliable R&D and production
    tools and solutions to the industry and scientific research communities, helping them improve safety, efficiency and
    quality while jointly promoting development and progress in such fields and industries in China. Notably, our solutions
    in TCM active ingredient separation and analysis represent a first in China (see details in Prospects and Outlook
    below). The automation level of our organic synthesis systems far exceeds that of similar products in China. During
    the Reporting Period, we recorded revenue from new material R&D collaborations and engaged in negotiations and
    collaborations with several customers in respect of such solutions.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Other Corporate Development
     Our Company has been selected and will be included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index, one of
     the benchmark indexes of the Stock Exchange, to be effective on 9 September 2024.

     Our Company’s ordinary shares, which trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, have been included as eligible stocks in
     the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programs, both effective on
     September 10,2024, pursuant to the announcements made by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange, respectively.


     PROSPECTS AND OUTLOOK
     We will continue to strengthen our R&D capabilities and services for both drug discovery solutions and intelligent
     automation solutions. We received a clinical-stage milestone payment for our drug discovery solutions business in the first
     half of 2024 for the first time, marking a significant milestone in our path to commercialisation.

     In addition, our business has also made notable commercial progress in terms of empowering new materials R&D with AI
     and automation. In August 2024, we entered into a strategic R&D collaboration agreement with GCL Group Co., Ltd. with a
     term of five years, under which GCL Group Co., Ltd. is expected to pay us R&D service fees of over US$135 million
     (approximately RMB1 billion). The cooperation includes the joint development of various AI-based large model and robotic
     automation system in the field of new energy materials, and joint R&D to update new energy and new materials and to
     improve industrial upgrade.

     In July 2024, we won the bid in respect of the construction of Guangdong provincial laboratory’s innovation platform for
     intelligent automated integration of new TCMs, for a contract value of RMB44.9 million, aiming to establish the first fully
     automated platform for the separation and analysis of active TCM ingredients in China. This platform, powered by AI,
     automation and engineering, will provide an intelligent and automated system for the rapid construction of TCM chemical
     and active ingredient screening libraries, enabling fast and efficient analysis of data results, and real-time monitoring,
     tracking and tracing, fault alerts, and diagnostic analysis of system operations.

     We will seize new industry opportunities. On 26 July 2024, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
     Commission of the State Council held a meeting to promote central enterprises’ large-scale equipment renewal work.
     According to the meeting, central enterprises are expected to invest over RMB3 trillion in the next five years to complete
     key tasks for large-scale equipment renewal with a focus on accelerating the development of the following five aspects: (1)
     accelerating the upgrades of advanced equipment; (2) expediting digital transformation and promoting the in-depth
     integration of AI and new technologies across all elements of manufacturing processes; (3) promoting green transformation;
     (4) strengthening intrinsic safety; and (5) reinforcing effective supply. In addition, the General Office of the Shanghai
     Municipal People’s Government issued its Several Opinions on Supporting the Innovative Development of the Whole Chain
     of the Biomedical Industry (《關於支持生物醫藥產業全鏈條創新發展的若干意見》) on 30 July 2024, which expressly
     supported AI-empowered drug development and providing more intelligent application scenarios. By offering advanced AI
     technologies and digital, automated and intelligent solutions, we strive to empower our customers’ diverse application
     scenarios to meet the diversified business needs of companies including state-owned companies, and seize more business
     cooperation opportunities, driving greater value for all our partners.

     We will continue to expand our global footprint, primarily in the United States, Hong Kong, Southeast Asia, Europe and the
     Middle East. We will continue to hold advanced discussions about drug discovery solutions and intelligent automation
     solutions with leading international pharmaceutical companies.




10   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

As a leader in the AI-empowered and robot-enabled R&D of drugs and new materials, we always believe that by leveraging
our technological advantages, outstanding and extensive customer base, continuous business development and
commercialisation advancements, and our visionary management team, we are well-positioned to capture key market
opportunities both globally and domestically. According to Frost & Sullivan, drug and material R&D integrating AI and
robotic automation is expected to flourish in 2024 and beyond. According to the same source, as more global companies,
including those in the pharmaceutical and materials science industries, invest heavily in AI and automation technologies for
molecular discovery and collaborate with drug and new material discovery solution providers, we can expect strong global
demand for our solutions and services.

Based on our business developments and market opportunities during the Reporting Period, as well as our development
strategies, commercialisation plans and relevant analysis disclosed in the Prospectus, and subject to the reasonable
estimates and assumptions disclosed in the Prospectus, we expect our revenue in 2024 would be largely similar to the
revenue threshold of a Commercial Company (as defined under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules), and we anticipate we will
be able to qualify as a Commercial Company by 2025.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
The management discussion and analysis is based on our condensed consolidated interim financial information prepared in
accordance with International Accounting Standards 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.


DESCRIPTION OF SELECTED ITEMS FROM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
Revenue
We generate revenue from the provision of (i) drug discovery solutions and (ii) intelligent automation solutions. We provide
either standalone solutions or services or a combination of our solutions or services, depending on our customers’ needs.

The table below sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by business line:

                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024                       2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

Drug discovery solutions                                                                       60,850                      36,096
Intelligent automation solutions                                                               41,780                      43,871


Total                                                                                         102,630                      79,967


Our revenue increased by 28.3% from RMB80.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB102.6 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2024.

Drug discovery solutions. Our revenue generated from our provision of drug discovery solutions increased by 68.6% from
RMB36.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB60.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024,
primarily due to (i) the increase in the number of our customers for our drug discovery solutions, (ii) the increase in the
number of revenue-generating programmes for our drug discovery solutions, and (iii) a milestone payment from a customer.

Intelligent automation solutions. Our revenue generated from intelligent automation solutions decreased slightly by 4.8%
from RMB43.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB41.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024,
primarily due to the decrease in our revenue generated from solid-state R&D services, partially offset by the increase in our
revenue generated from automated chemical synthesis services.


                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Research and Development Expenses
     Our R&D expenses were incurred for R&D activities primarily in connection with our proprietary AI platform development
     and automation technologies. Our R&D expenses primarily consist of (i) R&D staff employee benefit expenses, which
     primarily comprise wages, salaries and bonuses, pensions costs and housing benefits and share-based compensation
     expenses; (ii) depreciation and amortisation expenses, which primarily comprise (a) depreciation of property, plant and
     equipment, including lab equipment and leasehold improvements to our R&D facilities, (b) depreciation of right-of-use
     assets in connection with our R&D facilities, and (c) amortisation in relation to system software licences which are classified
     as intangible assets used for our R&D activities; (iii) sample material costs, which primarily comprise costs of consumable
     materials and reagents for conducting experiments for our R&D programmes; (iv) network and cloud service expenses,
     which primarily comprise service fees paid for cloud service, information system service, software and network construction
     used for our R&D activities; and (v) professional service fees, which primarily include experimental testing fees, as we may
     engage third party institutions to conduct experiments and testing of materials to facilitate the R&D process when and
     where it is more efficient in terms of time and cost than running tests within our own R&D department.

     We did not capitalise R&D expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

     The table below sets forth a breakdown of R&D expenses:

                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Employee benefits expenses                                                                     114,801               140,799
     Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                          60,032                38,431
     Sample material costs                                                                            7,943                19,352
     Network and cloud service expenses                                                               9,331                10,589
     Professional service fees                                                                        6,171                10,852
     Others                                                                                          12,112                14,398


     Total                                                                                          210,390               234,421


     Our R&D expenses decreased by 10.3% from RMB234.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB210.4
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily attributable to the decrease in the number of R&D staff as a result
     of the enhanced capabilities of our technology platform and the increased efficiency in our R&D activities, as well as the
     decrease in sample material costs due to decreased consumption of materials in R&D activities after the validation of
     certain research platforms’ capabilities.




12   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

General and Administrative Expenses
Our general and administrative expenses increased by 131.6% from RMB101.2 million for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to RMB234.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the increases in share-based
compensation expenses, listing expenses and depreciation and amortisation expenses. Share-based compensation
expenses and depreciation and amortisation expenses are non-cash in nature. Listing expenses are expenses relating to
the Global Offering and will not recur after the Listing.

Contract Fulfillment Costs
Our contract fulfillment costs represent the direct expenses incurred in relation to the fulfillment of our obligations under
contracts with our customers.

Our contract fulfillment costs decreased slightly by 4.8% from RMB58.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB55.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 primarily attributable to our increased delivery efficiency.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 16.9% from RMB29.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB34.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the increases in share-based compensation
expenses, which are non-cash in nature, and marketing expenses.

Other Income
Our other income increased by 447.6% from RMB7.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB42.4 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to an increase in the government grants recognised as the
corresponding recognition conditions were fulfilled.

Other Losses, Net
Our other losses, net decreased by 97.2% from RMB99.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB2.8 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily attributable to the decreases in net foreign exchange losses and fair
value losses on financial assets at FVTPL.

Finance Income, Net
Our finance income, net decreased by 30.3% from RMB46.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB32.7
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the decrease in interest income from our term deposits and
cash and cash equivalents, contributed by the decrease in average balance of our term deposits and cash and cash
equivalents in total for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

Changes in Fair Value of CRPS
Our fair value loss of CRPS increased by 278.7% from RMB231.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB875.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the increase in our Company’s valuation. All of
our CRPS were automatically converted into Ordinary Shares upon our Listing and no further gains or losses related to
valuation changes in these instruments would be recorded after the conversion.

Loss for the Period
As the result of the abovementioned factors, especially the significant increase in the fair value loss of CRPS by RMB644.2
million, our net loss increased by RMB617.3 million, or 99.5%, from RMB620.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to RMB1,237.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Non-IFRS Measure
     In evaluating our business, we consider and use adjusted net loss, a non-IFRS financial measure, to supplement the review
     and assessment of our operating performance. We believe such non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of our operating
     performance from period to period by eliminating the potential impact of certain items. We believe that the measure
     provides useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same
     manner as they help our management. The use of the non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and you
     should not consider it in isolation from, as a substitute for analysis of, or superior to, our results of operations or financial
     conditions as reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS financial measure may be defined differently from similar
     terms used by other companies, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies.

     We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as net loss adjusted by adding back (i) changes in fair value of CRPS, (ii)
     share-based compensation expenses, and (iii) listing expenses. Share-based compensation expenses mainly represent
     expenses incurred in connection with our Pre-IPO ESOP, being the QuantumPharm Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. All
     of our CRPS were automatically converted into Ordinary Shares upon the Listing and no further gains or losses related to
     valuation changes in these instruments would be recorded after the conversion. These two reconciling items are non-cash
     items. Listing expenses are expenses related to the Global Offering.

     The following table sets forth our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the periods indicated:

                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Loss for the period                                                                           (1,237,550)             (620,297)
     Add:
     Changes in fair value of CRPS                                                                    875,356              231,164
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                                 78,922               31,611
     Listing expenses                                                                                  31,876                   —


     Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                            (251,396)             (357,522)


     DESCRIPTION OF SELECTED ITEMS OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     Financial Assets at FVTPL
     The balance of our financial assets at FVTPL (including both current and non-current portions) increased by 62.1% from
     RMB1,287.4 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB2,087.0 million as of 30 June 2024, primarily due to the increase in
     our investments in wealth management products.

     Trade Receivables
     Our trade receivables, net of credit loss allowance, increased by 52.0% from RMB38.5 million as of 31 December 2023 to
     RMB58.5 million as of 30 June 2024, primarily contributed by our revenue growth.

     Prepayments, Deposits and Other Receivables
     Our prepayments, deposits and other receivables (including both current and non-current portions) decreased by 26.1%
     from RMB66.1 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB48.8 million as of 30 June 2024, primarily due to certain
     prepayments of R&D equipment and leasehold improvements were transferred to property, plant and equipment which
     went through inspection and acceptance procedure and the receipt of value-added tax credit refunds during the Reporting
     Period.



14   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis

CRPS
All of our CRPS were converted into Ordinary Shares upon our Listing. As a result, we had nil liabilities in relation to CRPS
as of 30 June 2024, as compared with RMB10,780.3 million as of 31 December 2023.

Deferred Government Grants
Our deferred government grants (including both current and non-current portions) decreased by 26.7% from RMB39.5
million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB28.9 million as of 30 June 2024, primarily due to the recognition of government
grants as the corresponding recognition conditions were fulfilled during the Reporting Period.

Trade Payables
Our trade payables decreased by 43.6% from RMB13.7 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB7.7 million as of 30 June
2024, primarily due to an increase in the settled trade payables.

Other Payables and Accruals
Other payables and accruals decreased by 27.0% from RMB131.3 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB95.8 million as
of 30 June 2024, primarily because we settled year-end bonuses of our employees accrued as of 31 December 2023
during the Reporting Period.

Short-Term Bank Borrowings
Our bank borrowings increased by 8.2% from RMB60.0 million as of 31 December 2023 to RMB64.9 million as of 30 June
2024, reflecting the net increased balance of our bank borrowings. Our bank borrowings as of 30 June 2024 were
denominated in Renminbi, repayable within one year, and guaranteed by our subsidiaries and one patent held by one of
our subsidiaries, all of which carried fixed interest rate, ranging from 2.55% to 3.5% per annum.

Net current assets
We had net current assets of RMB2,648.0 million as of 31 December 2023 and RMB3,286.2 million as of 30 June 2024.
The 24.1% increase in our net current assets was primarily contributed by our proceeds from the Global Offering.

Net Cash Position
We recorded a net cash position, calculated by deducting our current liabilities from the sum of our cash and cash
equivalents, current portion of term deposits, current portion of financial assets at FVTPL and restricted cash, as of 30
June 2024.

Gearing Ratio
Our gearing ratio is calculated using total liabilities divided by equity and multiplied by 100%. As of 30 June 2024, our
gearing ratio was 7.8%. (As of 31 December 2023: -155.3%, primarily attributable to the liabilities relating to our CRPS,
which had been automatically converted into Ordinary Shares and resulted in a significant increase in equity upon the
Listing.)




                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, we financed our capital expenditure and working capital requirements primarily
     through capital contributions from our shareholders and cash inflows from our business operations. We intend to continue
     relying on cash flows from operations and those from financing activities including net proceeds from the Global Offering.
     As of 30 June 2024, the sum of our cash and cash equivalents, current portion of term deposits, current portion of
     financial assets at FVTPL and restricted cash was RMB3,377.1 million, as compared with RMB2,827.8 million as of 31
     December 2023. The cash and cash equivalents of the Group were mainly denominated in HK$, US$ and RMB.

     With respect to cash management, we have established capital and investment policies, such as our capital management
     policy (資金管理制度), to monitor and manage our settlement activities and financing activities (including broadening and
     diversification of fundraising channels and cash management tools), and to control the risks relating to bank deposits and/
     or the purchase of financial instruments. We place term deposits and/or purchase financial instruments only when we have
     spare cash in addition to sufficient cash for our operations and in the best interest of our Company.

     Description of Selected Items from Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     Net cash used in operating activities
     Our net cash used in operating activities remained relatively stable at RMB299.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 as compared with RMB299.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

     Net cash generated from investing activities
     Our net cash generated from investing activities decreased by 93.8% from RMB788.0 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2023 to RMB48.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to (i) the decrease in proceeds from
     maturity of term deposits of RMB1,778.4 million, and (ii) the decrease in proceeds from disposal of financial assets at
     FVTPL of RMB1,148.9 million; partially offset by (i) the decrease in placement of term deposits RMB1,951.2 million and (ii)
     the decrease in additions of investments in financial assets at FVTPL of RMB272.7 million.

     Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities
     Our net cash used in financing activities was RMB20.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, primarily due to our
     payment of lease. Our net cash generated from financing activities was RMB828.1 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2024, primarily due to our gross proceeds from the Global Offering of RMB901.1 million.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, we did not have material contingent liabilities that were expected to
     materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.




16   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE
For the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2024, our R&D expenditure primarily consisted of R&D expenses adjusted by
adding back intangible assets acquired from third parties and capitalised, and deducting amortisation expenses for
capitalised intangible assets included in R&D expenditure. The table below sets forth our R&D expenditure for the periods
indicated:

                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2024                        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

R&D expenses                                                                                210,390                    234,421
Adjustments:
  Add: Intangible assets acquired from third parties and capitalised                           1,735                      4,332
  Less: Amortisation expenses of capitalised intangible assets included in
         R&D expenditure                                                                      (1,212)                     (2,207)


R&D expenditure                                                                             210,913                    236,546


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND COMMITMENTS
Capital Expenditures
We regularly incur capital expenditures to expand our operations and upgrade our facilities. For the six months ended 30
June 2023 and 2024, we incurred capital expenditures of RMB41.6 million and RMB34.2 million, respectively, primarily
consisting of expenditures on property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets.

Capital Commitments
Our capital commitments represented capital expenditure in respect of short-term lease commitment. As of 31 December
2023 and 30 June 2024, we had capital commitments related to capital expenditure in respect of short-term lease
commitment of RMB3.0 million and RMB1.1 million, respectively.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE
Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a
currency that is not our entities’ functional currency. Our functional currency is USD. Our primary subsidiaries were
incorporated in the PRC and these subsidiaries consider RMB their functional currency. We closely monitor our foreign
exchange exposures and will take actions as necessary to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As of 30 June 2024, one patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group. (As at 31 December 2023: one
patent held by one of our subsidiaries was pledged by our Group.)


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
Save as disclosed below, there were no other significant investments held, and no material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the six months ended 30 June 2024. (For the six months ended 30 June 2023:
nil.)




                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     The following table summarises the information regarding the Group’s investments classified as financial assets at FVTPL
     with a carrying amount that accounted for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of 30 June 2024:

                                                                                                                                                           Fair value gain
                                                                                                                                                            during the six
                                                                                            Principal                                   Percentage of      months ended
                                                                                         amount held                        Fair value        fair value          30 June
                                          Description of the                                    as of         Cost of            as of relative to total             2024
     Product invested                     underlying investments                        30 June 2024      investment     30 June 2024            assets       (unrealised)
                                                                                         RMB (million)   RMB (million)    RMB (million)                       RMB (million)

     Notes issued by China Securities     The product primarily invests in US Dollar            429.2           429.2            437.0             9.8%                7.8
        (International) Asset             short-term deposit or notes issued by
        Management Company Limited        government, quasi government,
                                          international organisations and financial
                                          institutions.
     Notes issued by Fosun Hani Global    The product primarily invests in US Dollar            426.3           426.3            431.9             9.7%                4.3
        Limited                           time deposit, US treasury bill, US treasury
                                          note and US treasury bond, fixed rate
                                          notes and private equity assets.

     The investments in wealth management products under financial assets at FVTPL were made for treasury management
     purposes to maximise return on idle funds held by the Group.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     We did not have any plan for material investments or acquisition of capital assets other than the above mentioned and
     those mentioned in the Prospectus during the Reporting Period.


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As of 30 June 2024, we had a total of 760 employees. For the Reporting Period, the total remuneration cost incurred by
     the Group was RMB315.5 million.

     The remuneration of our Group’s employees comprises salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund, share-based
     payment, and social security contributions and other welfare payments, which are determined by their responsibilities,
     qualifications, positions and seniority. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we make contributions to social
     security insurance funds (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment
     insurance and maternity insurance) and housing funds for the Group’s employees.

     We provide formal and comprehensive company-level and department-level training to our new employees, followed by
     on-the-job training. We also provide training and development programs to our employees from time-to-time to ensure their
     awareness and compliance with our various policies and procedures. Some of the training is conducted jointly by
     departments serving different functions but working with or supporting each other in our day-to-day operations.




18   QuantumPharm Inc.    Interim Report 2024
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
In connection with the Company’s Global Offering, 187,373,000 Shares with a nominal value of US$0.00001 each were
issued at a price of HK$5.28 per Share.

The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after deducting the underwriting
commissions and other related expenses paid or payable by the Company in connection with the Listing and without taking
into account the exercise of the over-allotment option) amounted to approximately HK$888.2 million, which is reflected in
the Interim Financial Information. The net proceeds from the Listing will be utilised in accordance with the purposes and
timetable set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. Any additional net proceeds
from the partial exercise of the over-allotment option will be allocated by the Company on a pro rata basis to the purposes
mentioned above. See “Subsequent Events” for details of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option.

As of 30 June 2024, the net proceeds had not been applied for any use. An analysis of the utilisation of the net proceeds as
of 30 June 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                 Unutilized
                                                  Amount of                      Utilized net net proceeds              Expected
                                               net proceeds      Percentage     proceeds as           as of           time frame
                                                 for planned     of total net     of 30 June       30 June           of unutilized
Use of proceeds from Listing                    applications       proceeds             2024          2024                amount
                                                 (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million) (HK$ million)

Enhancing R&D capabilities and                          666.2         75.0%                –            666.2
    solutions provision
(i) upgrading and optimizing the quantum
    physics-based closed-loop integrated
    technology platform:
    — recruit automation-related talents and             88.8         10.0%                –              88.8            By 2029
       compound talents
    — build automated workstations,                      88.8         10.0%                –              88.8            By 2029
       centrifuges and other ancillary
       equipment
    — build an intelligent computing center             177.6         20.0%                –            177.6             By 2029
       and further upgrade and improve
       the intelligent computing resource
       allocation system




                                                                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis

                                                                                                       Unutilized
                                                        Amount of                      Utilized net net proceeds        Expected
                                                     net proceeds      Percentage     proceeds as           as of     time frame
                                                       for planned     of total net     of 30 June       30 June     of unutilized
     Use of proceeds from Listing                     applications       proceeds             2024          2024          amount
                                                       (HK$ million)                   (HK$ million) (HK$ million)

     (ii) enhancing the ability to develop
           solutions in the biotechnology,
           pharmaceutical, materials science
           (including agritech, energy and new
           chemicals, and cosmetics):
           — recruit five professionals in the                133.2         15.0%                –          133.2        By 2029
              biotechnology and pharmaceutical
              sectors and build a team that can
              fully operate and support the R&D
              and delivery of materials
           — purchase protein chromatography                  106.6         12.0%                –          106.6        By 2029
              purifiers, cryo-EM accessories, flow
              cytometers, mass spectrometers,
              microplate readers and other
              instruments
     (iii) lease of properties for and                         71.1           8.0%               –           71.1        By 2029
           improvements of the R&D centers in
           Shanghai and Shenzhen
     Improving commercialization capability                   133.2           15%                –          133.2
           in and beyond China
     (i) expanding business development                        71.1            8%                –           71.1        By 2029
           and marketing team with a focus
           on development of relationship with
           potential customers that are famous
           pharmaceutical companies/contract
           research organization/contract
           development and manufacturing
           organization in China and overseas
           countries or regions, especially in the
           United States
     (ii) business development activities                      62.2            7%                –           62.2        By 2029
           overseas in addition to the recruitment
           of business development and marketing
           staff as mentioned above
     For working capital and general                           88.8           10%                –           88.8        By 2029
           corporate purposes


     Total                                                    888.2          100%                –          888.2


     As of 30 June 2024, the Directors were not aware of any material change in the planned use of the net proceeds. All the
     unused net proceeds have been deposited in short-term interest-bearing accounts at licensed commercial banks and/
     or other authorised financial institutions maintained by the Group. The above expected time frame of unutilized amount is
     based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen circumstances, and would be subject to change based on the
     future development of the Group and the market conditions.
20   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE
COMPANY IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in any of the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
SFO (including interests and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO),
or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

Interests in Shares and underlying Shares
                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                   of Shares/            Percentage of
                                                                                                   underlying          shareholding in
Name of Director                       Capacity/nature of interest                                   Shares(1)          the Company(2)

Dr. Wen Shuhao                         Beneficial owner(3)                                      81,093,362 (L)                      2.38%
                                       Founder of trust(4)                                     222,126,400 (L)                      6.52%
                                                                                                28,105,000 (S)                      0.82%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(5)(6)                508,763,783 (L)                     14.93%

Dr. Ma Jian                            Beneficial owner(7)                                      45,230,342 (L)                       1.33%
                                       Founder of trust(8)                                     122,908,500 (L)                       3.61%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(9)                    59,103,125 (L)                       1.73%

Dr. Lai Lipeng                         Beneficial owner(10)                                     32,315,661 (L)                       0.95%
                                       Founder of trust(11)                                     87,814,140 (L)                       2.58%

Dr. Jiang Yide Alan                    Founder of trust(12)                                       3,800,000 (L)                      0.11%
                                       Beneficiary of trust(13)                                   3,800,000 (L)                      0.11%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation(14)                     2,400,000 (L)                      0.07%

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes long positions and the letter “S” denotes short positions.

(2)   Calculated based on 3,406,772,761 Shares in issue as of 30 June 2024.

(3)   Representing 81,093,362 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Wen Shuhao under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

(4)   QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd.
      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under the
      SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to have a long position in 222,126,400 Shares and a short position in 28,105,000 Shares that were
      held by QuantumPharm Holdings.

(5)   QuantumPharm Roc, the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
      thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed
      to be interested in the 298,041,143 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.

(6)   Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
      of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached to
      the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, Dr. Wen Shuhao is deemed to be interested in the 122,908,500
      Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.



                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   21
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     (7)    Representing 45,230,342 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Ma Jian under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (8)    Crete Helix is held as to 99% by MH International Holdings, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF
            (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the MH Fund Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Ma Jian as settlor. Under the SFO, Dr. Ma
            Jian is deemed to be interested in the 122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested.

     (9)    Representing 59,103,125 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP held by QuantumPharm Employee
            Holdings, a holding vehicle wholly owned by the trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
            employees and ex-employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit
            Trust dated 28 June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole
            power to make all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the trust and to give
            instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

     (10)   Representing 32,315,661 Shares underlying the options granted to Dr. Lai Lipeng under the Pre-IPO ESOP.

     (11)   SeveningBAlpha is held as to 99% by LPHappy Holding, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF
            (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the LPHappy Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Lai Lipeng as settlor. Under the
            SFO, Dr. Lai Lipeng is deemed to be interested in the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

     (12)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
            trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of his spouse. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be interested
            in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

     (13)   Representing 3,800,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by a spousal lifetime access
            trust established by the spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan for the benefit of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is
            deemed to be interested in the Shares in which the aforesaid trust is interested.

     (14)   Representing 2,400,000 Shares underlying the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP which are held by ASJX Envision LLC. ASJX
            Envision LLC is held as to 40% by a revocable trust established by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, 40% by a revocable trust established by the
            spouse of Dr. Jiang Yide Alan and 20% by a family trust established by them. Under the SFO, Dr. Jiang Yide Alan is deemed to be
            interested in the Shares in which ASJX Envision LLC is interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the Company,
     none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
     Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of SFO (including interests
     and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required,
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise required to be notified to
     the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




22   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information

INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As of 30 June 2024, so far as the Directors were aware, the following persons (not being a Director or chief executive of the
Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein:

Interests in the Shares
                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                           Number of          shareholding in
Name of Shareholder               Nature of interest                                         Shares(1)         the Company(2)

WSH Family Holdings Limited       Interest in controlled corporation(3)                730,890,183 (L)                    21.45%
                                                                                        28,105,000 (S)                     0.82%

TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                 Trustee of trusts(3)                                 730,890,183 (L)                    21.45%
                                                                                        28,105,000 (S)                     0.82%

QuantumPharm Holdings Limited Beneficial owner                                         222,126,400 (L)                     6.52%
                                                                                        28,105,000 (S)                     0.82%
                                  Interest in controlled corporation(4)(5)             508,763,783 (L)                    14.93%

QuantumPharm Roc Holdings         Beneficial owner                                     298,041,143 (L)                      8.75%
  Limited

Tencent Holdings Limited          Interest in controlled corporation(6)                439,866,580 (L)                    12.91%

Image Frame Investment (HK)       Beneficial owner                                     439,866,580 (L)                    12.91%
  Limited

HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd.       Beneficial owner                                     203,444,338 (L)                      5.97%

HongShan Capital Venture Fund Interest in controlled corporation(7)                    203,444,338 (L)                      5.97%
  VI, L.P.

HSG Venture VI Management,        Interest in controlled corporation(7)                203,444,338 (L)                      5.97%
  L.P.

HSG Holding Limited               Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)             265,823,991 (L)                       7.8%

SNP China Enterprises Limited     Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)             265,823,991 (L)                       7.8%

Shen Nan Peng                     Interest in controlled corporation(7)(8)(9)          282,182,729 (L)                      8.28%

China Life Chengda (Shanghai)     Beneficial owner                                     235,552,877 (L)                      6.91%
  Healthcare Equity Investment
  Center (Limited Partnership)

China Life Chengda (Shanghai)     Interest in controlled corporation(10)               235,552,877 (L)                      6.91%
  Healthcare Equity Investment
  Management Co., Ltd.


                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

                                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                        Number of        shareholding in
     Name of Shareholder                       Nature of interest                                         Shares(1)       the Company(2)

     China Life Insurance (Group)              Interest in controlled corporation(10)               235,552,877 (L)                  6.91%
       Company

     China Life Insurance Company              Interest in controlled corporation(10)               235,552,877 (L)                  6.91%
       Limited

     5Y Capital GP Limited                     Interest in controlled corporation(11)               255,712,255 (L)                  7.51%

     Liu Qin                                   Interest in controlled corporation(11)               255,712,255 (L)                  7.51%

     Ni Yuanyuan                               Interest of spouse(12)                               255,712,255 (L)                  7.51%

     Shi Jianming                              Interest in controlled corporation(11)               255,712,255 (L)                  7.51%

     Lou Yiting                                Interest of spouse(13)                               255,712,255 (L)                  7.51%

     Notes:

     (1)   The letter “L” denotes long positions and the letter “S” denotes short positions.

     (2)   Calculated based on 3,406,772,761 Shares in issue as of 30 June 2024.

     (3)   QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd.
           TMF (Cayman) Ltd., being the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor. Under
           the SFO, each of WSH Family Holdings and TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which QuantumPharm
           Holdings is interested.

     (4)   QuantumPharm Roc, being the shareholding platform for the Pre-IPO ESOP which holds the Shares underlying the options granted
           thereunder for the benefit of the grantees, is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is
           deemed to be interested in the 298,041,143 Shares in which QuantumPharm Roc is interested.

     (5)   Pursuant to the powers of attorney executed by (i) Dr. Ma Jian and Crete Helix; and (ii) Dr. Lai Lipeng and SeveningBAlpha in favor
           of Dr. Wen Shuhao and QuantumPharm Holdings, QuantumPharm Holdings is authorized to exercise all the voting rights attached
           to the Shares held by Crete Helix and SeveningBAlpha. Under the SFO, QuantumPharm Holdings is deemed to be interested in the
           122,908,500 Shares in which Crete Helix is interested and the 87,814,140 Shares in which SeveningBAlpha is interested.

     (6)   Tencent Holdings Limited is the sole member of Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited. Under the SFO, Tencent Holdings Limited is
           deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited is interested.

     (7)   HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Venture Fund VI, L.P., whose general partner is HSG Venture VI
           Management, L.P.. The general partner of HSG Venture VI Management, L.P. is HSG Holding Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
           SNP China Enterprises Limited. Shen Nan Peng is the sole shareholder of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Under the SFO, each of
           HongShan Capital Venture Fund VI, L.P., HSG Venture VI Management, L.P., HSG Holding Limited, SNP China Enterprises Limited
           and Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be interested in the 203,444,338 Shares in which HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd. is interested.

     (8)   HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Venture Fund VIII, L.P., whose general partner is HSG Venture
           VIII Management, L.P. HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd. is wholly owned by HongShan Capital Growth Fund VI, L.P., whose general
           partner is HSG Growth VI Management, L.P.. The general partner of each of HSG Venture VIII Management, L.P. and HSG Growth
           VI Management, L.P. is HSG Holding Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Shen Nan Peng is the
           sole shareholder of SNP China Enterprises Limited. Under the SFO, each of HSG Holding Limited, SNP China Enterprises Limited and
           Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be interested in the 13,303,439 Shares in which HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd. is interested and the
           49,076,214 Shares in which HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd. is interested.



24   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information

(9)    HCHP Holdco, Ltd. is wholly owned by HCHP Master Fund, which is managed by HCHP Management Limited as investment
       manager, which is in turn wholly owned by HCHP Management Holding Limited. The majority voting rights of HCHP Management
       Holding Limited are indirectly held by its non-executive director, Shen Nan Peng. Under the SFO, Shen Nan Peng is deemed to be
       interested in the 16,358,738 Shares in which HCHP Holdco, Ltd. is interested.

(10)   The general partner of China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership) (“China Life
       Chengda”) is China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., a limited liability company
       indirectly owned by China Life Insurance (Group) Company. The ultimate limited partner and the largest limited partner of China
       Life Chengda is China Life Insurance Company Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2628) and the
       Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601628), which is under the Ministry of Finance of the PRC. Under the SFO, each of China
       Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., China Life Insurance (Group) Company, China Life
       Insurance Company Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which China Life Chengda is interested.

(11)   Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P., are exempted limited
       partnerships established under the laws of the Cayman Islands and are controlled by 5Y Capital GP Limited, as their general partner.
       Each of Liu Qin and Shi Jianming is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of one-half of the voting power of all issued shares in
       5Y Capital GP Limited at its general meeting. Under the SFO, each of 5Y Capital GP Limited, Liu Qin and Shi Jianming is deemed
       to be interested in the Shares in which Evolution Fund I, L.P., Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P. and Evolution Fund I Co-
       investment, L.P. are interested.

(12)   Ni Yuanyuan is the spouse of Liu Qin. Under the SFO, Ni Yuanyuan is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Liu Qin is
       interested.

(13)   Lou Yiting is the spouse of Shi Jianming. Under the SFO, Lou Yiting is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Shi Jianming
       is interested.


Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other person (not being a Director or
chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which would
fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 362 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     LOCK-UP
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company or otherwise within the knowledge of the Directors, the
     following Shares are subject to disposal restrictions pursuant to Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules as of the latest practicable
     date prior to the issue of this interim report:

     Key Persons (as defined under Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules)
                                                                                   Number of          Percentage of
                                                                               Shares held in        shareholding in
                                                                                the Company            the Company
                                                                             subject to lock-       subject to lock-        Last day subject
                                                                             up undertakings        up undertakings           to the lock-up
     Name                                                                        upon Listing         upon Listing(1)          undertakings

     Dr. Wen Shuhao(2)                                                           222,126,400(3)                  6.51%        12 June 2026(11)
                                                                                  81,093,362(4)                  2.38%        12 June 2026(11)
                                                                                  22,000,000(5)                  0.64%        12 June 2026(11)

     Dr. Ma Jian(2)                                                              122,908,500(6)                  3.60%        12 June 2026(11)
                                                                                  45,230,342(7)                  1.33%        12 June 2026(11)
                                                                                  59,103,125(8)                  1.73%        12 June 2026(11)

     Dr. Lai Lipeng(2)                                                             87,814,140(9)                 2.57%        12 June 2026(11)
                                                                                  32,315,661(10)                 0.95%        12 June 2026(11)


     Subtotal                                                                     672,591,530                   19.70%

     Notes:

     (1)   Calculated based on 3,413,523,761 Shares in issue as of the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this interim report.

     (2)   Each of Dr. Wen Shuhao, Dr. Ma Jian and Dr. Lai Lipeng is a co-founder of the Company and an executive Director.

     (3)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Holdings. QuantumPharm Holdings is held as to 99% by WSH Family Holdings,
           which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the WSH Family Trust, a
           discretionary trust established by Dr. Wen Shuhao as settlor.

     (4)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Wen Shuhao. Such Shares will
           be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Wen Shuhao upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the
           disposal restrictions. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and
           “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

     (5)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Jiang Yide Alan (and his close
           associates) and Mr. Tam Man Hong. Such Shares will be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to them upon the exercise of the
           options and continue to be subject to the disposal restrictions. Pursuant to the powers of attorney granted by Mr. Tam Man Hong
           and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan in favor of Dr. Wen Shuhao on 28 May 2024, respectively, Dr. Wen Shuhao is unconditionally, indefinitely and
           irrevocably authorized and appointed to exercise all the voting rights attached to: (i) the Shares underlying the vested outstanding
           options owned by them; and (ii) the Shares transferred or issued to them upon the exercise of the vested outstanding options, except
           for any matter the outcome of the vote on which will disproportionately, materially and adversely affect the grantors, as compared
           to Dr. Wen Shuhao or any other Shareholder. The powers of attorney shall be valid from the Listing Date for an indefinite term. Each
           of Mr. Tam Man Hong and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan, being the key persons of the Company, have provided undertakings to each of the
           Stock Exchange and the Company regarding the disposal of securities pursuant to Rule 18C.14(1) of the Listing Rules. For further
           details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.




26   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information

(6)    Representing the Shares held by Crete Helix. Crete Helix is held as to 99% by MH International Holdings, which is a holding vehicle
       wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the MH Fund Trust, a discretionary trust established by Dr.
       Ma Jian as settlor.

(7)    Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Ma Jian. Such Shares will be
       transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Ma Jian upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the disposal
       restrictions. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and
       “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(8)    Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying options held by QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a holding
       vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK) Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust, a discretionary trust
       established for the purposes of managing and administering the outstanding options granted to Dr. Zhang Peiyu, a member of
       senior management, and 12 other employees and ex-employees of the Group. Such options have been irrevocably settled into the
       QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust under the terms of its trust deed dated 28 June 2021. Under the terms of the trust deed, Dr.
       Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company, has the sole power to make all decisions
       relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties (including the exercise of the options) held under the trust and
       to give instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions without the need to seek for consent from the
       beneficiaries, and the beneficiaries have no right to sell, bequeath or transfer any trust property. Dr. Zhang Peiyu, being a key person
       of the Company, has provided an undertaking to the Stock Exchange and the Company regarding the disposal of securities pursuant
       to Rule 18C.14(1) of the Listing Rules. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate
       Structure” and “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(9)    Representing the Shares held by SeveningBAlpha. SeveningBAlpha is held as to 99% by LPHappy Holding, which is a holding vehicle
       wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd. TMF (Cayman) Ltd. is the trustee of the LPHappy Family Trust, a discretionary trust established
       by Dr. Lai Lipeng as settlor.

(10)   Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying outstanding options held by Dr. Lai Lipeng. Such Shares will
       be transferred by QuantumPharm Roc to Dr. Lai Lipeng upon the exercise of the options and continue to be subject to the
       disposal restrictions. For further details, please refer to the sections headed “History, Development and Corporate Structure” and
       “Underwriting” in the Prospectus.

(11)   The expiry date of the lock-up period shown is pursuant to Rule 18C.14(1) of the Listing Rules. In the event that upon the notification
       by the Stock Exchange that the Company will no longer be regarded as a Pre-Commercial Company after the Listing, the lock-up
       period will expire on the later of: (i) the date which is 12 months from the Listing Date; and (ii) the date falling on the 30th day after the
       announcement on the removal of designation as a Pre-Commercial Company as required under Rule 18C.24 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   27
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     Undertaking Providers
                                                                                    Number of            Percentage of
                                                                                Shares held in          shareholding in
                                                                                 the Company              the Company
                                                                              subject to lock-         subject to lock-        Last day subject
                                                                              up undertakings          up undertakings           to the lock-up
     Name                                                                         upon Listing           upon Listing(1)          undertakings

     Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited                                            439,866,580                    12.89%         12 June 2025(3)

     HSG Venture VI Holdco, Ltd.                                                    203,444,338                     5.96%         12 June 2025(3)

     HSG Growth VI Holdco E, Ltd.                                                     49,076,214                    1.44%         12 June 2025(3)

     HCHP Holdco, Ltd.(2)                                                             16,358,738                    0.48%         12 June 2025(3)

     HSG Venture VIII Holdco, Ltd.                                                    13,303,439                    0.39%         12 June 2025(3)

     Evolution Fund I, L.P.                                                         137,008,547                     4.01%         12 June 2025(3)

     Evolution Special Opportunity Fund I, L.P.                                       85,349,937                    2.50%         12 June 2025(3)

     Evolution Fund I Co-investment, L.P.                                             33,353,771                    0.98%         12 June 2025(3)

     China Life Chengda (Shanghai) Healthcare Industry Equity
       Investment Center (Limited Partnership)                                      235,552,877                     6.90%         12 June 2025(3)

     Beijing PICC Health & Pension Industry Investment Fund
       (Limited Partnership)                                                        119,730,945                     3.51%         12 June 2025(3)


     Subtotal                                                                     1,333,045,386                    39.05%

     Notes:

     (1)   Calculated based on 3,413,523,761 Shares in issue as of the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this interim report.

     (2)   Save for HCHP Holdco, Ltd., which is a close associate of a Pathfinder SII, the other undertaking providers are Pathfinder SIIs of the
           Company.

     (3)   The expiry date of the lock-up period shown is pursuant to Rule 18C.14(2) of the Listing Rules. In the event that upon the notification
           by the Stock Exchange that the Company will no longer be regarded as a Pre-Commercial Company after the Listing, the lock-up
           period will expire on the later of: (i) the date which is six months from the Listing Date; and (ii) the date falling on the 30th day after
           the announcement on the removal of designation as a Pre-Commercial Company as required under Rule 18C.24 of the Listing Rules.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     The Ordinary Shares of the Company were first listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date. During
     the period from the Listing Date to 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As of 30 June 2024, the Company did
     not hold any treasury shares.




28   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Corporate Governance and Other Information

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct for dealings in the securities of the Company by the
Directors since the Listing Date.

Upon specific enquiry of all Directors, each of the Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during
the period from the Listing Date to 30 June 2024.


SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
1.   Pre-IPO ESOP
     The Pre-IPO ESOP was adopted by the Shareholders on 14 July 2021 and amended on 5 August 2021. No further
     awards will be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP after the Company’s listing and the terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP are
     not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     As of 30 June 2024, all of the awards granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP were in the form of share options. A total
     of 318,392,443 options had been granted to eligible participants under the Pre-IPO ESOP, of which 20,351,300
     options had been exercised and was settled with the issuance of 20,351,300 class A ordinary shares (which was re-
     designated as the Ordinary Shares upon the Listing).

     Details of the outstanding options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP as of 30 June 2024 are set out below:

                                                                                                                                           Number
                                                                                                                             Number     of options
                                                                                                            Number        of options    cancelled/
                                                                                                          of Shares        exercised      forfeited
                                                                                                         underlying           during        during       Number
                                                                                                        outstanding       the period    the period     of Shares
                                                                                                            options         from the      from the underlying the
                                        Exercise                                                           as of the     Prospectus    Prospectus outstanding
                                        price (US$                                                      Prospectus     Date up to 30 Date up to 30 options as of
     Name of grantee   Date of grant    per share)   Vesting status               Exercise period              Date       June 2024     June 2024 30 June 2024

     Directors
     Dr. Wen Shuhao    15 April 2021    0.18792135   Fully vested                   15 April 2021–       38,183,588               –              –     38,183,588
                                                                                        14 April 2031
                       24 November 2023 0.2467842    50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–       42,909,774               –              –     42,909,774
                                                         months commencing from         23 November
                                                         the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                         be vested after 36 months
                                                         commencing from the
                                                         Listing Date and 25% will
                                                         be vested after 48 months
                                                         commencing from the
                                                         Listing Date
     Dr. Ma Jian       15 April 2021    0.18792135   Fully vested                   15 April 2021–       21,436,379               –              –     21,436,379
                                                                                        14 April 2031
                       24 November 2023 0.2467842    50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–       23,793,963               –              –     23,793,963
                                                         months commencing from         23 November
                                                         the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                         be vested after 36 months
                                                         commencing from the
                                                         Listing Date and 25% will
                                                         be vested after 48 months
                                                         commencing from the
                                                         Listing Date



                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   29
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

                                                                                                                                                            Number
                                                                                                                                              Number     of options
                                                                                                                            Number         of options    cancelled/
                                                                                                                          of Shares         exercised      forfeited
                                                                                                                         underlying            during        during       Number
                                                                                                                        outstanding        the period    the period     of Shares
                                                                                                                            options          from the      from the underlying the
                                                      Exercise                                                             as of the      Prospectus    Prospectus outstanding
                                                      price (US$                                                        Prospectus      Date up to 30 Date up to 30 options as of
           Name of grantee         Date of grant      per share)     Vesting status               Exercise period              Date        June 2024     June 2024 30 June 2024

           Dr. Lai Lipeng          15 April 2021      0.18792135     Fully vested                   15 April 2021–       15,315,639                –              –     15,315,639
                                                                                                        14 April 2031
                                   24 November 2023 0.2467842        50% will be vested after 24 24 November 2023–       17,000,022                –              –     17,000,022
                                                                         months commencing from         23 November
                                                                         the Listing Date, 25% will     2033
                                                                         be vested after 36 months
                                                                         commencing from the
                                                                         Listing Date and 25% will
                                                                         be vested after 48 months
                                                                         commencing from the
                                                                         Listing Date
           Dr. Jiang Yide Alan     1 October 2015     0.0008         Fully vested                   1 October 2015–     10,000,000(1)              –              –     10,000,000
                                                                                                        14 July 2031

           Consultants
           2 grantees(3)           3 September 2019   0.26309        Fully vested                 3 September 2019–          53,215                –              –         53,215
                                                                                                      2 September
                                                                                                      2029
                                   3 September 2019   0.26309        Fully vested                 3 September 2019–         478,934                –              –        478,934
                                                                                                      2 September
                                                                                                      2029

           Ex-employees and other employees (who are not Directors, consultants or ex-employees of the Group)
           167 grantees (range    26 November 2015 0.00032458 to A, B, C, D(4)                 Within 10 years from      22,852,004                –        490,000     22,362,004
               of 1 to 499,999        to 1 March         0.527                                      the date of grant
               Shares underlying      2024
               the options
               granted)
           19 grantees (range     1 February 2017 to 0.00283995 to A, B, C(4)                  Within 10 years from       7,400,000                –              –      7,400,000
               of 500,000 to          1 March 2024       0.462                                      the date of grant
               999,999 Shares
               underlying the
               options granted)
           11 grantees (range     26 November 2015 0.00032458 to A, B, C(4)                    Within 10 years from      43,780,425                –              –     43,780,425
               of 1,000,000 to        to 1 March         0.527                                      the date of grant
               4,999,999 Shares       2024
               underlying the
               options granted)
           3 grantees (range of   1 March 2016       0.00150        Fully vested               1 March 2016–             8,000,000(2)              –              –      8,000,000
               5,000,000 Shares                                                                     28 February 2026
               or more underlying 1 February 2017    0.00150        Fully vested               1 February 2017–          7,000,000(2)              –              –      7,000,000
               the options                                                                          31 January 2027
               granted)           1 March 2017       0.00150        Fully vested               1 March 2017–             5,000,000(2)              –              –      5,000,000
                                                                                                    28 February 2027




30   QuantumPharm Inc.       Interim Report 2024
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information

                                                                                                                               Number
                                                                                                                 Number     of options
                                                                                               Number         of options    cancelled/
                                                                                             of Shares         exercised      forfeited
                                                                                            underlying            during        during       Number
                                                                                           outstanding        the period    the period     of Shares
                                                                                               options          from the      from the underlying the
                                      Exercise                                                as of the      Prospectus    Prospectus outstanding
                                      price (US$                                           Prospectus      Date up to 30 Date up to 30 options as of
Name of grantee      Date of grant    per share)   Vesting status      Exercise period            Date        June 2024     June 2024 30 June 2024

2 grantees (senior   1 October 2015   0.00001      Fully vested        1 October 2015–     22,837,200(2)              –              –     22,837,200
    management)                                                            30 September
                                                                           2025
                     1 January 2021   0.18792135   Fully vested        1 January 2021–     12,000,000(1)              –              –     12,000,000
                                                                           31 December
                                                                           2030

Total                                                                                      298,041,143                –        490,000    297,551,143

Notes:

(1)      Pursuant to the powers of attorney granted by Mr. Tam Man Hong and Dr. Jiang Yide Alan in favor of Dr. Wen Shuhao on 28
         May 2024, respectively, Dr. Wen Shuhao is unconditionally, indefinitely and irrevocably authorized and appointed to exercise
         all the voting rights attached to: (i) the Shares underlying the vested outstanding options owned by them; and (ii) the Shares
         transferred or issued to them upon the exercise of the vested outstanding options, except for any matter the outcome of the
         vote on which will disproportionately, materially and adversely affect the grantors, as compared to Dr. Wen Shuhao or any
         other Shareholder. The powers of attorney shall be valid from the Listing Date for an indefinite term. Accordingly, the voting
         rights of the Shares underlying the vested outstanding options will be entrusted to Dr. Wen Shuhao upon the Listing.

(2)      Representing the Shares held by QuantumPharm Roc underlying options held by QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a holding
         vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK) Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust for the benefit of 13
         employees and ex-employees of the Group. In accordance with the terms of the trust deed of the QuantumPharm Employee
         Benefit Trust dated 28 June 2021, Dr. Ma Jian, being the sole member of the advisory committee established by the Company,
         has the sole power to make all decisions relating to the exercise of any voting and other rights of the properties held under the
         trust and to give instructions and directions to the trustee for the execution of such decisions.

(3)      The two consultants were one of the advisory board members of XtalPi Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
         Company. They were responsible for providing professional advice, opinion and guidance to our technology developments
         and applications in the pharmaceutical and materials design industry and market, making recommendations and referrals
         on scientific researchers and industry leaders and promoting our scientific exchanges and collaborations in pharmaceutical
         innovation within China and the United States.

(4)      Please refer to the different categories of vesting schedules below:


         Category       Vesting schedule

         A              Four equal tranches with the vesting date on the first, second, third and fourth anniversary date of the grant date.

         B              50% will be vested at the second anniversary of the grant date, 25% will be vested at the third anniversary of the
                        grant date, and 25% will be vested at the fourth anniversary of the grant date.

         C              25% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 75% will be vested in three equal tranches with
                        the vesting date on the first, second and third anniversary date of the grant date.

         D              50% is vested immediately on the grant date, and the remaining 50% will be vested in two equal tranches with
                        vesting date on the first and second anniversary date of the grant date.


(5)      There were no lapse of options during the period from the Listing Date up to 30 June 2024.

                                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information

     2.    Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
           The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders
           passed on 28 May 2024.

           As of 30 June 2024, no option had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     3.    Post-IPO RSU Scheme
           The Post-IPO RSU Scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders passed on
           28 May 2024.

           As of 30 June 2024, no award had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

     As the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme were adopted by the Company on 28 May 2024,
     no options or awards were available for grant as of 1 January 2024. As of 30 June 2024, the available number of Shares in
     respect of which options or awards may be granted under the Scheme Limit was 204,406,365 Shares.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     As the Ordinary Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date of 13 June 2024, the Corporate Governance
     Code was not applicable to the Company prior to the Listing Date.

     The Company aims to achieve high standards of corporate governance, which are crucial to the Company’s development
     and safeguard the interests of the Shareholders. Since the Listing Date, the Company has applied the principles of good
     corporate governance and adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate
     governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
     Code during the period from the Listing Date to 30 June 2024. The Board will review the corporate governance structure
     and practices from time to time and shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.


     REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the Corporate
     Governance Code. The Audit Committee currently consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Law
     Cheuk Kin Stephen, Ms. Chan Wing Ki and Mr. Chow Ming Sang. The Audit Committee is chaired by Mr. Law Cheuk Kin
     Stephen. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the
     Reporting Period and this interim report, and discussed with the management and auditor of the Company the accounting
     principles and practices adopted by the Group.

     The interim financial information for the Reporting Period has not been audited but has been reviewed by
     PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the Company, in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagement
     2410 “Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the International
     Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.




32   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                              Corporate Governance and Other Information

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
In July 2024, we subscribed several wealth management products in aggregate of US$40 million, which were accounted as
financial assets at FVTPL.

On 10 July 2024, we issued 8,796,000 ordinary shares at HK$5.28 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the
over-allotment option.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting Period. (For the six months ended
30 June 2023: nil).


CHANGES TO THE DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
On 15 August 2024, Ms. Chan Wing Ki, an independent non-executive Director, was awarded the title of Certified
Environmental, Social and Governance Analyst CESGA by The European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies. Ms.
Chan was also appointed as a member of the General Committee of The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies in June
2024.

Save as disclosed above, no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and up to the date of this interim report.


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This interim report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than
statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, that may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.


APPRECIATION
The Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, management team, employees, business partners
and customers for their support and contribution to the Group.

By order of the Board
QuantumPharm Inc.
Dr. Wen Shuhao
Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 August 2024




                                                                                           Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   33
     Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

     To the Board of Directors of QuantumPharm Inc.
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 35 to 67, which comprises the interim condensed
     consolidated balance sheet of QuantumPharm Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at
     30 June 2024 and the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of comprehensive income, the interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and the interim
     condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes.
     The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation
     of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International
     Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation
     and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
     Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review
     and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other
     purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information consists
     of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
     other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International
     Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
     significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information of the
     Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial
     Reporting”.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2024




34   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024                        2023
                                                                         Note           RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                                   4                102,630                       79,967
Research and development expenses                                         5               (210,390)                   (234,421)
General and administrative expenses                                       5               (234,314)                   (101,165)
Contract fulfillment costs                                                5                (55,478)                     (58,254)
Selling and marketing expenses                                            5                (34,638)                     (29,640)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                                         (270)                        (104)
Other income                                                              6                 42,360                        7,736
Other losses, net                                                         7                 (2,761)                     (99,109)


Operating loss                                                                            (392,861)                   (434,990)


Finance income                                                                              36,414                      50,716
Finance expenses                                                                            (3,733)                     (3,846)


Finance income, net                                                                         32,681                      46,870


Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares          17              (875,356)                   (231,164)


Share of net losses of investments accounted for using equity method                         (2,014)                     (1,013)


Loss before income tax                                                                  (1,237,550)                   (620,297)
Income tax expense                                                        8                     —                           —


Loss for the period                                                                     (1,237,550)                   (620,297)


Loss for the period attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                           (1,237,016)                   (613,006)
Non-controlling interests                                                                     (534)                      (7,291)


                                                                                        (1,237,550)                   (620,297)


Loss per share for loss attributable to equity holders of
   the Company (expressed in RMB per share)                               9
Basic loss per share                                                                          (1.70)                      (1.27)
Diluted loss per share                                                                        (1.70)                      (1.27)




The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                           Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   35
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                              Note         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

     Loss for the period                                                                  (1,237,550)          (620,297)


     Other comprehensive loss
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     — Changes in fair value of convertible redeemable preferred shares due
          to own credit risk                                                                 (19,774)            (37,163)
     — Currency translation differences                                                      (10,924)          (168,444)
     Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
     — Currency translation differences                                                      (11,465)           (58,111)


     Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                     (42,163)          (263,718)


     Total comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                  (1,279,713)          (884,015)


     Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to:
     Equity holders of the Company                                                        (1,279,395)          (877,069)
     Non-controlling interests                                                                  (318)             (6,946)


                                                                                          (1,279,713)          (884,015)




     The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

36   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                        Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                               As at                      As at
                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                               2024                       2023
                                                                 Note      RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    11         357,356                     369,887
Right-of-use assets                                              11          95,013                     189,250
Intangible assets                                                11           7,849                       7,869
Investments accounted for using the equity method                            27,917                      23,841
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            12         431,724                     424,023
Prepayments                                                      14          11,724                      24,916
Term deposits                                                                20,908                      20,552


                                                                            952,491                   1,060,338


Current assets
Contract costs                                                                36,838                     37,891
Trade receivables                                                13           58,529                     38,506
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      14           37,091                     41,147
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            12        1,655,292                    863,368
Derivative financial instruments                                 12              555                         —
Restricted cash                                                                  528                      2,337
Term deposits                                                                407,573                  1,251,353
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,313,710                    710,761


                                                                           3,510,116                  2,945,363


Total assets                                                               4,462,607                  4,005,701


Equity
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
Share capital                                                    18             236                          50
Other reserves                                                   19      12,408,020                    (227,110)
Accumulated losses                                                       (8,292,571)                 (7,040,349)


                                                                           4,115,685                 (7,267,409)
Non-controlling interests                                                     25,849                     26,167


Total equity/(deficits)                                                    4,141,534                 (7,241,242)




                                                                             Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   37
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                                                               As at           As at
                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                            Note           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Audited)

     Liabilities
     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                                         75,422       137,183
     Convertible redeemable preferred shares                                 17                    —     10,780,342
     Deferred government grants                                                                21,778        32,042


                                                                                               97,200    10,949,567


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                          15                 7,701         13,654
     Other payables and accruals                                             16                95,808        131,289
     Short-term bank borrowings                                                                64,900         60,000
     Derivative financial instruments                                                              —             560
     Deferred government grants                                                                 7,155          7,433
     Contract liabilities                                                                      25,059         25,658
     Lease liabilities                                                                         23,250         58,782


                                                                                             223,873         297,376


     Total liabilities                                                                       321,073     11,246,943


     Total equity and liabilities                                                           4,462,607      4,005,701




     The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

38   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                     Equity
                                                                                               attributable
                                                                                                  to equity           Non-
                                                       Share        Other     Accumulated       holders’ of     controlling      Total equity/
                                                      capital    reserves          losses     the company         interests          (deficits)
                                             Note   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                    (Note 18)    (Note 19)

(Unaudited)
Balance at 1 January 2024                                 50      (227,110)     (7,040,349)     (7,267,409)           26,167        (7,241,242)


Loss for the period                                       —             —       (1,237,016)     (1,237,016)             (534)       (1,237,550)
Other comprehensive loss:
Changes in fair value of convertible
   redeemable preferred shares due to
   own credit risk                           17           —        (19,774)             —          (19,774)               —            (19,774)
Currency translation differences                          —        (22,605)             —          (22,605)              216           (22,389)


Total comprehensive loss
   for the period                                         —        (42,379)     (1,237,016)     (1,279,395)             (318)       (1,279,713)


Transactions with equity holders
Conversion of convertible redeemable
    preferred shares to ordinary shares                  173    11,721,245              —       11,721,418                 —       11,721,418
Transfer of accumulated changes in
    fair value due to own credit risk
    upon derecognition of convertible
    redeemable preferred shares                           —        15,206          (15,206)             —                  —                —
Issuance of ordinary shares relating
    to initial public offering, netting of
    underwriting commissions and other
    issuance costs                                        13      862,136               —          862,149                 —          862,149
Equity-settled share-based compensation      20           —        78,922               —           78,922                 —           78,922


Total transactions with equity holders                   186    12,677,509         (15,206)     12,662,489                 —       12,662,489


Balance at 30 June 2024                                  236    12,408,020      (8,292,571)      4,115,685            25,849         4,141,534




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   39
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                                                attributable
                                                                                                   to equity         Non-
                                                         Share        Other    Accumulated       holders’ of   controlling   Total equity/
                                                        capital    reserves         losses    the Company        interests       (deficits)
                                               Note   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                      (Note 18)   (Note 19)

     (Unaudited)
     Balance at 1 January 2023                              50    (201,756)     (5,125,965)     (5,327,671)       17,878      (5,309,793)


     Loss for the period                                    —            —        (613,006)       (613,006)        (7,291)      (620,297)
     Other comprehensive loss:
     Changes in fair value of convertible
        redeemable preferred shares due to
        own credit risk                        17           —       (37,163)            —           (37,163)          —           (37,163)
     Currency translation differences                       —     (226,900)             —         (226,900)          345        (226,555)


     Total comprehensive loss
        for the period                                      —     (264,063)       (613,006)       (877,069)        (6,946)      (884,015)


     Transactions with equity holders
     Equity-settled share-based compensation   20           —       31,611              —           31,611             —           31,611


     Total transactions with equity holders                 —       31,611              —           31,611             —           31,611


     Balance at 30 June 2023                                50    (434,208)     (5,738,971)     (6,173,129)       10,932      (6,162,197)




     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

40   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024                       2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operating activities                                                   (299,294)                   (298,988)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received from term deposits                                                      41,998                      64,688
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                (32,018)                    (42,682)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                                     301                           41
Purchase of intangible assets                                                             (2,166)                      (5,860)
Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets                                                 232                           —
Additions of investments accounted for using equity method                                (6,016)                          —
Additions of investments in financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                     (1,464,359)                (1,737,062)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                        675,081                  1,823,938
Placement of term deposits                                                              (124,609)                (2,075,773)
Proceeds from maturity of term deposits                                                  955,133                  2,733,546
Changes in restricted cash balances                                                        1,809                      2,374
Proceeds from government grants                                                            3,265                     24,820


Net cash generated from investing activities                                              48,651                    788,030


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid for bank borrowings                                                           (773)                        (665)
Payments of lease liabilities                                                            (39,001)                    (17,429)
Gross proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                          901,081                           —
Payments of listing expenses                                                             (38,151)                          —
Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                                                  19,900                           —
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                                                  (15,000)                      (2,000)


Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                   828,056                     (20,094)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                577,413                    468,948
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                     710,761                    574,219
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                             25,536                     (1,440)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                         1,313,710                  1,041,727




The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                         Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   41
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     1     GENERAL INFORMATION
           QuantumPharm Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 28 April 2017 as an exempted
           company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-
           1104, Cayman Islands.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are
           principally engaged in the provision of drug discovery solutions and intelligent automation solutions.

           The Company completed its initial public offering on 13 June 2024 (the “Listing”) and the Company’s shares have
           been listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

           The condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of unit of Renminbi (RMB’000),
           unless otherwise stated.

           This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 is unaudited and
           has been reviewed by the audit committee and external auditor of the Company. This condensed consolidated interim
           financial information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2024.


     2     SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           2.1   Basis of preparation
                 This condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024
                 (the “Interim Financial Information”) has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard
                 (“IAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

                 The Interim Financial Information does not include all the notes of the type normally included in annual financial
                 statements. Accordingly, this Interim Financial Information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
                 financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, which have been prepared in
                 accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB.

                 The preparation of the Interim Financial Information requires management to make judgements, estimates
                 and assumptions that affect the application of accounting polices and the reported amounts of assets and
                 liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. In preparing this Interim Financial
                 Information, the significant judgments made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the
                 key sources of estimation uncertainty are consistent with those applied in the consolidated financial statements
                 for the year ended 31 December 2023.




42   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                         Notes to Interim Financial Information

2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
    2.2   Accounting policy information
          (a)   Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
                The following amendments to standards have been adopted by the Group for the financial year beginning
                on 1 January 2024:

                Amendments to IFRS 16              Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                Amendments to IAS 1                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7     Supplier Finance Arrangements

                The Company’s directors have performed an assessment on these amendments to standards and have
                concluded on a preliminary basis that the adoption of these amendments to standards is not expected to
                have a significant impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.

          (b)   New standards and amendments to standards not yet adopted
                New standards and amendments to standards that have been issued but are not yet effective and have not
                been early adopted by the Group for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                              Effective for
                                                                                                               accounting
                                                                                                                   periods
                                                                                                           beginning on or
                                                                                                                      after

                Amendments to IAS 21               Lack of Exchangeability                                    1 January 2025
                Amendments to IFRS 9 and           Amendments to the Classification and                       1 January 2026
                   IFRS 7                            Measurement of Financial Instruments
                IFRS 18                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial                   1 January 2027
                                                     Statements
                IFRS 19                            Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:                1 January 2027
                                                     Disclosures
                Amendments to IFRS 10 and          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an               To be determined
                  IAS 28                             Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

                The Company’s directors have performed an assessment on the above new standards and amendments
                to standards and have concluded on a preliminary basis that the adoption of these new standards
                and amendments to standards is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial
                performance and position.




                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   43
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           3.1   Financial risk factors
                 The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, primarily the market risk (including foreign exchange
                 risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall
                 risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
                 adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                 This condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial risk management
                 information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with
                 the Group’s financial information in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

                 There have been no changes in the risk management policies since 31 December 2023.

                 (a)     Liquidity risk
                         The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature of the
                         underlying business, the Group’s finance department maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining
                         adequate cash and cash equivalents.

                         Cash flow forecasting is performed by the finance department of the Group. The finance department of the
                         Group monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to
                         meet operational needs as well as the liabilities to other parties.

                         The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
                         remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the
                         table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. The financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                         are managed on a fair value basis rather than by maturing dates and not included in the following table.

                         As all of the convertible redeemable preferred shares at fair value through profit or loss have been
                         converted into ordinary share during the six months ended 30 June 2024, no contractual undiscounted
                         cash flows are required as at 30 June 2024. Details of the undiscounted cash flows as at 31 December
                         2023 have been presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
                         December 2023.

                                                                                  Between        Between
                                                                    Less than        1 and          2 and          Over
                                                                       1 year      2 years        5 years       5 years         Total
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                         (Unaudited)
                         As at 30 June 2024
                         Trade payables                                 7,701             —              —             —          7,701
                         Other payables and accruals
                            (excluding non-financial liabilities)      48,176            —              —              —        48,176
                         Borrowings                                    65,680            —              —              —        65,680
                         Lease liabilities                             27,284        23,678         58,111             —       109,073


                                                                      148,841        23,678         58,111             —       230,630




44   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                            Notes to Interim Financial Information

3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   3.1	Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (a)	Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                         Between       Between
                                                          Less than        1 and         2 and             Over
                                                             1 year       2 years       5 years         5 years              Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

              (Audited)
              As at 31 December 2023
              Trade payables                                 13,654             —              —                 —           13,654
              Other payables and accruals
                 (excluding non-financial liabilities)       53,428            —              —                —            53,428
              Borrowings                                     61,085            —              —                —            61,085
              Lease liabilities                              65,468        35,419        103,288           12,520          216,695
              Derivative financial instruments                  560            —              —                —               560


                                                           194,195         35,419        103,288           12,520          345,422


   3.2   Fair value estimation
         The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value at each reporting date are measured by level of the inputs
         to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair
         value hierarchy as follows:

         •    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
              and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted
              market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
              included in level 1.

         •    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
              the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
              market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
              value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

         •    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
              included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.




                                                                                                Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   45
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
                 The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at
                 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023:

                                                                      Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

                 (Unaudited)
                 At 30 June 2024
                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at fair value through profit
                    or loss
                    — Investment in the unlisted entities                   —                 —           353,960           353,960
                    — Investment in a listed entity                     21,273                —                —             21,273
                    — Investment in convertible debts                       —                 —            56,491            56,491
                    — Derivative financial instruments                      —                555               —                555
                    — Wealth management products                            —                 —         1,655,292         1,655,292


                                                                        21,273               555        2,065,743         2,087,571


                 (Audited)
                 At 31 December 2023
                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at fair value through profit
                    or loss
                    — Investment in the unlisted entities                   —                  —           316,161           316,161
                    — Investment in a listed entity                     40,267                 —                —             40,267
                    — Investment in convertible debts                       —                  —            67,595            67,595
                    — Wealth management products                            —                  —           863,368           863,368


                                                                        40,267                 —        1,247,124         1,287,391


                 Financial liabilities
                 Financial liabilities at fair value through
                    profit or loss
                    — Derivative financial instruments                       —               560                 —               560
                    — Convertible redeemable preferred
                           shares                                            —                 —       10,780,342        10,780,342


                                                                             —               560       10,780,342        10,780,902


                 There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the periods ended
                 30 June 2024 and 2023.




46   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                           Notes to Interim Financial Information

3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a)   Financial instruments in Level 1 and Level 2
              The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the
              reporting date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
              exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, price services or regulatory agency, and those prices represent
              actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used
              for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.
              Instruments included in level 1 comprised investments in listed instruments classified as financial assets at
              FVTPL.

              The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
              derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data
              and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
              instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Instruments included in level 2 comprised
              derivative financial instruments.

        (b)   Financial instruments in Level 3
              If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
              level 3.

              Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

              •    the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments,

              •    discounted cash flow analysis, and

              •    observable and unobservable inputs, including discount rate, risk-free interest rate, discount for lack
                   of marketability (“DLOM”), and expected volatility, etc.

              Level 3 instruments of the Group’s assets and liabilities include investments in unlisted entities, wealth
              management products, convertible debts, other financial liabilities and convertible redeemable preferred
              shares at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   47
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
                 (b)	Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                         The following table presents the changes in level 3 items including investments in unlisted companies,
                         investments in wealth management products and investment in convertible debts at fair value through profit
                         or loss for the periods ended 30 June 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                 Investments
                                                                 Investments        in wealth     Investment in
                                                                   in unlisted   management         convertible
                                                                      entities      products             debts            Total
                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

                         (Unaudited)
                         At 1 January 2024                            316,161          863,368           67,595        1,247,124
                         Additions                                      5,345        1,443,804           20,000        1,469,149
                         Disposals                                     (2,847)        (672,234)              —          (675,081)
                         Transfer a convertible debt to equity         32,553               —           (32,553)              —
                         Change in fair value                             799           16,295            1,047           18,141
                         Currency translation differences               1,949            4,059              402            6,410


                         At 30 June 2024                              353,960        1,655,292           56,491        2,065,743


                         (Unaudited)
                         At 1 January 2023                            211,465          356,361            3,250          571,076
                         Additions                                      3,000        1,734,062               —         1,737,062
                         Disposals                                         —        (1,823,938)              —        (1,823,938)
                         Change in fair value                         (34,501)           3,902               —            (30,599)
                         Currency translation differences               7,159               10               —              7,169


                         At 30 June 2023                              187,123          270,397            3,250          460,770




48   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                        Notes to Interim Financial Information

3	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   3.2	Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (b)	Financial instruments in Level 3 (Continued)
                                              Fair value at                                         Range of inputs
                                              As at          As at                                  As at           As at     Relationship of
                                           30 June,   31 December,      Unobservable             30 June,    31 December,     unobservable inputs to
              Description                      2024          2023       inputs                       2024           2023      fair value
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)

              Unlisted preferred           223,048            151,237   Risk-free rate        1.45%-4.31%    1.45%-2.39%      The higher the risk-free
                  shares                                                                                                         rate, the lower the fair
                                                                                                                                 value.

                                                                        Expected volatility     66%-90%         66%-75%       Depends on rights and
                                                                                                                                 restrictions of shares
                                                                                                                                 held by the Group.

              A series of Unlisted         130,912            164,924   Latest transaction            N/A             N/A     The higher the recent
                 preferred shares                                          price                                                 transaction price, the
                 and ordinary                                                                                                    higher the fair value.
                 shares

              A series of Convertible       56,491             67,595   Latest transaction            N/A             N/A     The higher the recent
                 bonds                                                     price                                                 transaction price, the
                                                                                                                                 higher the fair value.

              Wealth management           1,655,292           863,368   Expected rate of      2.53%-6.0%     2.35%-5.71%      The higher the expected
                products                                                   return                                                rate of return, the
                                                                                                                                 higher the fair value.

              Key assumptions used in the valuation of the fair value of investments in unlisted entities include risk-free
              interest rate and expected volatility. Changes in fair value of investments in unlisted entities were recorded
              in “Other gains/(losses), net”.

        (c)   Financial instruments at amortised cost
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s other financial assets measured at amortised costs, including term
              deposits, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade receivables, other receivables and deposits and
              the Group’s financial liabilities, including trade payables, other payables and accruals, approximate their fair
              values due to their short maturities.




                                                                                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.      49
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     4     REVENUE
           Revenue disaggregated by revenue source as follows:

                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

           Drug discovery solutions                                                                60,850            36,096
           Intelligent automation solutions                                                        41,780            43,871


                                                                                                  102,630            79,967


           Timing of revenue recognition:
           At a point in time                                                                      77,070            61,892
           Over time                                                                               25,560            18,075


                                                                                                  102,630            79,967


           Revenue from external customers contributing over 10% to the total revenue of the Group for the six months ended 30
           June 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

           Customer A                                                                              19,536              N/A*
           Customer B                                                                                N/A*            14,536

           *   Less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective period.


           Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the billing address of the customers is as follows:

                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

           Greater China                                                                           52,974            53,166
           United States                                                                           39,817            21,416
           Other regions                                                                            9,839             5,385


                                                                                                  102,630            79,967




50   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                    Notes to Interim Financial Information

4	REVENUE (Continued)
    Segment information:
    The chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”) has been identified as the Board, who reviews the consolidated
    results of operations when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Group as
    a whole. For the purpose of internal reporting and management’s operation review, the CODM considered that the
    Group’s businesses are operated and managed as one single segment and no separate segment information was
    presented for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.


5   EXPENSE BY NATURE
    Expenses included in research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, contract fulfillment
    costs and selling and marketing expenses are analysed as follows:

                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024                       2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

    Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Note (a))                            315,450                     275,993
    Network and cloud service expenses                                                                 15,797                      21,715
    Short-term rental and utilities                                                                     7,573                       7,242
    Sample material costs                                                                              15,591                      26,179
    Professional service fees                                                                          26,770                      16,948
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      44,263                      32,674
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                38,062                      12,458
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                   1,963                       2,711
    Property management fees                                                                           10,694                       9,804
    Listing expenses                                                                                   31,876                          —
    Others                                                                                             26,781                      17,756


                                                                                                      534,820                     423,480


    Note:

    (a)     Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments)

                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2024                       2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

            Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                                199,495                     198,653
            Pensions costs and housing benefits                                                         34,142                      40,547
            Share-based compensation expenses (Note 20)                                                 78,922                      31,611
            Other employee benefits                                                                     20,339                      14,227

                                                                                                       332,898                     285,038

            Less: employee benefit expenses capitalised as cost to fulfill revenue contracts            (17,448)                     (9,045)


                                                                                                       315,450                     275,993




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   51
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     6     OTHER INCOME
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           Government grants                                                                         42,360                7,736


           The Group received certain financial subsidies from local government authorities with certain specified conditions.

     7     OTHER LOSSES, NET
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           Net foreign exchange losses                                                              (10,054)             (55,889)
           Gains on derivative financial instruments                                                  3,527                  376
           Net fair value changes on FVTPL                                                           (1,042)             (43,576)
           Others                                                                                     4,808                   (20)


                                                                                                     (2,761)             (99,109)


     8     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           Current income tax                                                                             —                      —
           Deferred income tax                                                                            —                      —


                                                                                                          —                      —


           Income tax expense
           The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

           Cayman Islands
           The Company and subsidiaries were incorporated in the Cayman Islands as exempted companies with limited liability
           under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands and are not subject to the Cayman Islands income tax pursuant to
           the current laws of the Cayman Islands.

           Hong Kong
           The subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5%. No provision for
           Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no estimated assessable profit in Hong Kong.




52   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Notes to Interim Financial Information

8    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
     Income tax expense (Continued)
     United States
     The subsidiaries in the United States are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State Tax at a rate of 8%.

     PRC
     The Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are generally subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of 25%
     on the estimated assessable profit in accordance with relevant PRC income tax laws, subject to preferential tax
     treatments available to certain qualified enterprises.

     Shenzhen Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Jingtai Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Zhiyao Technology Co.,
     Ltd. were approved as “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%.
     Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC have been granted certain tax concessions for small scale entities by tax
     authorities in the PRC and enjoy reduced tax rates.


9    LOSS PER SHARE
     (a)   Basic loss per share
           Basic loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 are calculated by dividing the loss
           attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
           the respective period.

                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024                        2023
                                                                                          (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

           Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                      1,237,016                    613,006


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
             (thousand shares)                                                                 729,148                    483,979


           Basic loss per share (expressed in RMB per share)                                       1.70                        1.27


     (b)   Diluted loss per share
           For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the Company’s dilutive potential ordinary shares included
           CRPS and share options.

           Diluted loss per share presented is the same as the basic loss per share as the inclusion of the potential ordinary
           shares in the calculation of dilutive loss per share would be anti-dilutive.


10   DIVIDENDS
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   53
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                           Property,
                                                           plant and    Right-of-use   Intangible
                                                          equipment           assets       assets
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

           (Unaudited)
           Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2024     369,887         189,250         7,869
           Additions                                         32,018          12,601         2,166
           Disposals                                           (301)        (68,776)         (232)
           Depreciation and amortisation charge             (44,263)        (38,062)       (1,963)
           Currency translation adjustment                       15              —              9


           Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2024       357,356          95,013        7,849


           At 30 June 2024
           Cost                                              532,697        171,729       22,008
           Accumulated depreciation and impairment          (175,341)       (76,716)     (14,159)


           Net book amount                                  357,356          95,013        7,849


           (Unaudited)
           Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2023     317,640          77,989         6,684
           Additions                                         35,740         180,307         5,860
           Disposals                                             (41)            —             —
           Depreciation and amortisation charge             (32,674)        (12,458)       (2,711)
           Currency translation adjustment                         8             —             23


           Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2023       320,673         245,838        9,856


           At 30 June 2023
           Cost                                             416,070         296,928       18,883
           Accumulated depreciation and impairment          (95,397)        (51,090)      (9,027)


           Net book amount                                  320,673         245,838        9,856




54   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                          Notes to Interim Financial Information

12   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                            As at                      As at
                                                                                         30 June                31 December
                                                                                            2024                       2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

     Non-current:
     A listed entity                                                                       21,273                     40,267
     Unlisted entities                                                                    353,960                    316,161
     Convertible debts                                                                     56,491                     67,595


                                                                                          431,724                    424,023


     Current:
     Wealth management products                                                         1,655,292                    863,368
     Derivative financial instruments                                                         555                         —


                                                                                        1,655,847                    863,368


     Movements in the Group’s financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss for the six months ended 30
     June 2024 are disclosed in Note 3.2.

     In July 2024, the Group has subscribed wealth management products in aggregate of US$40 million, which were
     accounted as financial assets at FVTPL.


13   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                            As at                      As at
                                                                                         30 June                31 December
                                                                                            2024                       2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

     Trade receivables                                                                     60,617                      40,326
     Less: credit loss allowance                                                           (2,088)                     (1,820)


                                                                                           58,529                      38,506




                                                                                          Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   55
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     13	TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           The credit period granted to the Group’s customers is usually 30–60 days. As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December
           2023, the aging analysis of trade receivables based on invoice dates is as follows:

                                                                                                   As at           As at
                                                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                           41,956          32,017
           91 to 180 days                                                                          7,353           5,307
           181 to 365 days                                                                         8,848           1,916
           Over 1 year                                                                             2,460           1,086


                                                                                                  60,617          40,326


           Movements on the Group’s credit loss allowance for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                                              1,820           1,772
           Increase in loss allowance                                                                268               7


           At end of the period                                                                    2,088           1,779




56   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                             Notes to Interim Financial Information

14   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                               As at                      As at
                                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                                               2024                       2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

     Non-current
     Prepayment for equipment                                                                 11,724                      24,916


     Current
     Prepayments                                                                               9,641                       9,298
     Deposits                                                                                  9,450                      12,094
     Value-added tax recoverables                                                             12,317                      19,705
     Loan to a third party and related interest receivable                                     5,004                          —
     Others                                                                                      850                         219


                                                                                              37,262                      41,316
     Less: loss allowance                                                                       (171)                       (169)


                                                                                              37,091                      41,147


     The carrying amounts of deposits and other receivables approximate their fair values and are mainly dominated
     in RMB. The recoverability was assessed with reference to the credit status of the recipients and, as there is no
     significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the 12-month expected credit loss is considered minimal.


15   TRADE PAYABLES
     Trade payables were mainly denominated in RMB as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023. The credit periods
     granted by suppliers generally range from 30 to 180 days. The aging analysis of trade payables, based on invoice
     date, is as follows:

                                                                                               As at                      As at
                                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                                               2024                       2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

     0 to 90 days                                                                               4,591                     11,683
     90 to 180 days                                                                             3,110                      1,971


                                                                                                7,701                     13,654




                                                                                             Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   57
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     16    OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                   As at                As at
                                                                                                30 June          31 December
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           Accrued salaries and staff benefits                                                     45,465              73,596
           Accrual for acquiring property, plant, and equipment                                    11,699              18,622
           Accrued listing expenses                                                                14,959               5,382
           Investment payables                                                                     10,231              19,561
           Other tax payables                                                                       2,167               4,265
           Rental payables                                                                          4,090                 515
           Others                                                                                   7,197               9,348


                                                                                                   95,808             131,289


           The carrying amounts of other payables and accruals of the Group are mainly denominated in RMB.


     17    CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHARES
           The movements of the CRPS during the period ended 30 June 2024 are set out as below:

                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           At 1 January 2024                                                                   10,780,342           9,320,782
           Change in fair value through profit or loss                                            875,356             231,164
           Change in fair value through other comprehensive income                                 19,774              37,163
           Currency translation differences                                                        45,946             359,469
           Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred shares to ordinary shares           (11,721,418)                 —


           At 30 June 2024                                                                              —           9,948,578


           All convertible redeemable preferred shares were converted into ordinary shares upon completion of the listing of
           the Company’s shares on 13 June 2024. In addition, the cumulative loss recognised in other comprehensive income
           related to the convertible redeemable preferred shares due to changes of fair value in the liability’s credit risk of
           RMB15,206,000 was transferred from other reserves to accumulated losses upon IPO.




58   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                  Notes to Interim Financial Information

18   SHARE CAPITAL
     Authorised:
                                                    Class A            Class B
                                            ordinary shares     ordinary share    Ordinary shares      Preferred shares
                                            (At par value of   (At par value of   (At par value of      (At par value of
                                                US$0.00001)        US$0.00001)       US$0.00001)            US$0.00001)                    Total

     (Unaudited)                                                                  (Number of shares)
     At 1 January 2023, 31 December
        2023 and 1 January 2024               2,132,966,842       429,653,340                    —        2,437,379,818            5,000,000,000
     Creation of addition of Class A
        ordinary shares                      95,000,000,000                 —                    —                     —          95,000,000,000
     Conversion of preferred shares into
        Class A ordinary shares               2,437,379,818                 —                   —        (2,437,379,818)                      —
     Re-designation of to ordinary shares   (99,570,346,660)      (429,653,340)    100,000,000,000                   —                        —


     At 30 June 2024                                     —                  —      100,000,000,000                     —         100,000,000,000


     Pursuant to the Articles and the Pre-IPO Shareholders’ Agreement, all the preferred shares shall be automatically
     and immediately converted into Class A ordinary shares upon completion of an initial public offering of the Company.
     The preferred shares will be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one ratio and subject to customary
     adjustments.

     Upon the completion of the initial public offering by the Company on 13 June 2024, all the preferred shares were
     automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares. Upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding preferred
     shares into Class A ordinary shares, the weighted voting rights structure also ceased as all Class A and Class B
     ordinary shares entitle the holder to exercise one vote on all matters subject to the vote general meetings of the
     Company. Immediate following the above conversion all Class A and Class B ordinary shares are re-designated and
     reclassified as ordinary shares with par value of US$0.00001 each.

     Issued and fully paid:
                                                    Class A            Class B          Number of                               Nominal value of
                                            ordinary shares    ordinary shares     ordinary shares                 Total         ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                 (At par value of
                                                                      (Number of shares)                                             US$0.00001)
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000

     (Unaudited)
     At 1 January 2023, 31 December
         2023 and 1 January 2024                352,366,603       429,653,340                    —          782,019,943                       50
     Conversion of convertible redeemable
         preferred shares into Class A
         ordinary shares                      2,437,379,818                 —                   —         2,437,379,818                      173
     Re-designation of to ordinary shares    (2,789,746,421)      (429,653,340)      3,219,399,761                   —                        —
     Issuance of ordinary shares (Note i)                —                  —          187,373,000          187,373,000                       13


     At 30 June 2024                                     —                  —        3,406,772,761        3,406,772,761                      236

     Note i:   On 13 June 2024, upon the Listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the Company issued 187,373,000 new
               ordinary shares at par value of US$0.00001 per share for cash consideration of HK$5.28 each.

                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024    QuantumPharm Inc.   59
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     19    OTHER RESERVES
                                                                                             Share-
                                                                                             based
                                                         Share    Treasury    Exchange     payment
                                                      premium       shares     reserves    reserves     Others        Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

           (Unaudited)
           As at 1 January 2024                           4,591        (19)    (447,815)    154,292      61,841      (227,110)
           Conversion of convertible
              redeemable preferred shares
              into Class A ordinary shares           11,721,245         —            —           —           —     11,721,245
           Transfer of accumulated changes
              in fair value due to own credit
              risk upon derecognition
              of convertible redeemable
              preferred shares                               —          —            —           —       15,206        15,206
           Fair value change on convertible
              redeemable preferred shares
              due to own credit risk                         —          —            —           —      (19,774)      (19,774)
           Issuance of ordinary shares
              relating to initial public offering,
              netting of underwriting
              commissions and other
              issuance costs                           862,136          —            —           —           —       862,136
           Equity-settled share-based
              compensation                                   —          —            —       78,922          —         78,922
           Currency translation difference                   —          —       (22,605)         —           —        (22,605)


           As at 30 June 2024                        12,587,972        (19)    (470,420)    233,214      57,273    12,408,020


                                                                                              Share-
                                                                                              based
                                                         Share     Treasury   Exchange      payment
                                                      premium        shares    reserves     reserves     Others        Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

           (Unaudited)
           As at 1 January 2023                           4,591        (19)    (354,146)     65,866      81,952      (201,756)
           Equity-settled share-based
             compensation                                    —          —            —       31,611          —         31,611
           Changes in fair value of
             convertible redeemable
             preferred shares due to own
             credit risk                                     —          —            —           —      (37,163)       (37,163)
           Currency translation difference                   —          —      (226,900)         —           —       (226,900)


           As at 30 June 2023                             4,591        (19)    (581,046)     97,477      44,789      (434,208)




60   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                Notes to Interim Financial Information

19	OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

     Note: Share premium regarding issuance of ordinary shares of IPO

          On 13 June 2024, upon the Listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the Company issued 187,373,000 new
          ordinary shares at par value of US$0.00001 per share for cash consideration of HK$5.28 each, and raised gross proceeds
          of approximately HK$989 million (equivalents to approximately RMB901 million). The nominal value of the share capital was
          approximately RMB13,000 and share premium arising from the issuance was approximately RMB862 million, after netting off
          share issuance costs of approximately RMB39 million.

          On 10 July 2024, the Group issued 8,796,000 ordinary shares at HKD5.28 per share pursuant to the partial exercise of the
          over-allotment option.


20   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
     Employee Share Option Plan
     In August 2021, the Company issued 99,914,143 additional Class A ordinary shares to QuantumPharm Roc Holdings
     Limited for nominal consideration for the purpose of holding Class A ordinary shares underlying share awards to be
     granted from time to time under the 2021 Share Option Plan, which are issued but deemed to be not outstanding for
     the sole participants under the 2021 Share Option Plan. As a result, 298,041,143 Class A ordinary shares have been
     reserved to be issued to any qualified participants (excluding the vested options stated above) and all these Class A
     ordinary shares were re-designated and reclassified as ordinary shares upon the completion of the initial public offering
     by the Company on 13 June 2024.

     The exercise price of options is based on a fixed price in the agreement with employees. The term of the Option shall
     expire at close of the principal stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded on the tenth (10th)
     anniversary of the Grant Date, unless terminated earlier in accordance herewith. In no event may any portion of the
     Option be exercised after it has expired.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   61
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           Employee Share Option Plan (Continued)
           (i)   Movements in share options
                 Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:

                                                                                  Number of options         Weighted
                                                                                         2021 Share average exercise
                                                                                        Option Plan   price per share
                                                                                   (unvested option)           option
                                                                                                                 US$

                 (Unaudited)
                 Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                                       297,555,144              0.16
                 Granted during the period                                               14,527,004              0.25
                 Forfeited during the period                                            (14,531,004)            (0.29)


                 Outstanding as at 30 June 2024                                         297,551,144              0.16


                 Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2024                                 180,616,400                —


                 (Unaudited)
                 Outstanding as at 1 January 2023                                       206,691,385              0.15
                 Granted during the period                                                  890,000              0.31
                 Forfeited during the period                                             (2,170,000)             0.17


                 Outstanding as at 30 June 2023                                         205,411,385              0.15


                 Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2023                                          —                 —




62   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                Notes to Interim Financial Information

20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Employee Share Option Plan (Continued)
   (ii)   Outstanding share options
          Share options under 2021 Share Option Plan outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date
          and exercise prices:

                                                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                 Exercise                                        30 June             30 June
          Grant date              Expiry date                       price   Vesting year                            2024                2023
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                     US$

          1 October 2015          1 October 2025                  0.00001   4 years from grant date            22,837,200         22,837,200
          1 October 2015          14 July 2031 (Note (v))         0.00082   4 years from grant date            10,000,000         10,000,000
          26 November 2015        26 November 2025                0.00032   4 years from grant date             1,550,000          1,550,000
          1 March 2016            1 March 2026                    0.00032   4 years from grant date             1,500,000          1,500,000
          1 March 2016            1 March 2026                    0.00150   4 years from grant date             8,000,000          8,000,000
          1 March 2016            1 March 2026                    0.00284   4 years from grant date               200,000            200,000
          1 February 2017         1 February 2027                 0.00150   4 years from grant date             7,000,000          7,000,000
          1 February 2017         1 February 2027                 0.00284   4 years from grant date             1,190,000          1,290,000
          1 February 2017         1 February 2027                 0.01733   4 years from grant date                80,000             80,000
          1 March 2017            1 March 2027                    0.00150   4 years from grant date             5,000,000          5,000,000
          1 June 2017             1 June 2027                     0.00284   4 years from grant date             2,500,000          2,500,000
          16 September 2017       16 September 2027               0.00284   4 years from grant date             3,025,000          3,945,000
          16 September 2017       16 September 2027               0.02160   4 years from grant date               700,000            700,000
          1 August 2018           1 August 2028                   0.00284   4 years from grant date             3,000,000          3,000,000
          1 August 2018           1 August 2028                   0.00710   4 years from grant date             2,700,000          4,130,000
          1 August 2018           1 August 2028                   0.07352   4 years from grant date               670,000            670,000
          1 March 2019            1 March 2029                    0.00710   4 years from grant date             2,530,000          2,590,000
          1 March 2019            1 March 2029                    0.09421   4 years from grant date             4,224,500          4,224,500
          3 September 2019        3 September 2029                0.00284   4 years from grant date             1,000,000          1,000,000
          3 September 2019        3 September 2029                0.02872   4 years from grant date             1,790,000          1,970,000
          3 September 2019        3 September 2029                0.14303   4 years from grant date                    —             250,000
          3 September 2019        3 September 2029                0.26309   4 years from grant date               532,149            532,149
          1 March 2020            1 March 2030                    0.06705   4 years from grant date             1,130,000          1,130,000
          1 March 2020            1 March 2030                    0.17441   4 years from grant date               800,000            900,000
          28 September 2020       28 September 2030               0.18792   4 years from grant date               560,000            880,000
          1 January 2021          1 January 2031                  0.00284   4 years from grant date             2,600,000          2,600,000
          1 January 2021          1 January 2031                  0.18792   4 years from grant date                30,000             30,000
          1 January 2021          1 January 2031 (Note (vi))      0.18792   Fully vested upon listing          12,000,000         12,000,000
          1 January 2021          1 January 2031                  0.27533   4 years from grant date                    —             100,000
          15 April 2021           15 April 2031                   0.00284   4 years from grant date             2,665,925          2,665,925
          15 April 2021           15 April 2031                   0.18792   4 years from grant date             1,340,000          2,219,999
          15 April 2021           15 April 2031 (Note (vi))       0.18792   Fully vested upon listing          36,752,019         36,752,019
          15 April 2021           15 April 2031 (Note (v&vi))     0.18792   Fully vested upon listing          38,183,588         38,183,589
          15 April 2021           15 April 2031                   0.33876   4 years from grant date             3,400,000          4,800,000
          1 October 2021          1 October 2031                  0.18792   4 years from grant date               350,000            350,000
          26 November 2021        26 November 2031                0.30565   4 years from grant date                50,000             50,000




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   63
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           Employee Share Option Plan (Continued)
           (ii)   Outstanding share options (Continued)

                                                                                                                               As at          As at
                                                                                  Exercise                                  30 June        30 June
                  Grant date                     Expiry date                         price     Vesting year                    2024           2023
                                                                                                                         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                       US$

                  1 January 2022                 1 January 2032                    0.30565     4 years from grant date     2,100,000     2,100,000
                  11 January 2022                11 January 2032                   0.18792     4 years from grant date       300,000       300,000
                  14 January 2022                14 January 2032                   0.30565     4 years from grant date            —        100,000
                  31 March 2022                  31 March 2032                     0.18792     4 years from grant date        50,000       100,000
                  31 March 2022                  31 March 2032                     0.30565     4 years from grant date        90,000       170,000
                  30 June 2022                   30 June 2032                      0.30565     4 years from grant date       140,000       291,004
                  30 June 2022                   30 June 2032                      0.52234     4 years from grant date        80,000       380,000
                  30 September 2022              30 September 2032                 0.30565     4 years from grant date     1,400,000     2,200,000
                  31 December 2022               31 December 2032                  0.30565     4 years from grant date       300,000    12,450,000
                  31 December 2022               31 December 2032                  0.46200     4 years from grant date       800,000       800,000
                  31 March 2023                  31 March 2033                     0.30565     4 years from grant date       340,000       620,000
                  30 June 2023                   30 June 2033                      0.30565     4 years from grant date       270,000       270,000
                  30 September 2023              30 September 2033                 0.30565     4 years from grant date     2,850,000            —
                  30 September 2023              30 September 2033                 0.18792     4 years from grant date     8,630,000            —
                  30 September 2023              30 September 2033                 0.18792     3 years from grant date        80,000            —
                  30 September 2023              30 September 2033                 0.48000     4 years from grant date     1,960,000            —
                  24 November 2023               24 November 2033                  0.48000     4 years from grant date       100,000            —
                  24 November 2023               24 November 2033                  0.24678     4 years from grant date    83,703,759            —
                  1 March 2024                   1 March 2034                      0.18792     4 years from grant date    11,737,004            —
                  1 March 2024                   1 March 2034                      0.30565     4 years from grant date       150,000            —
                  1 March 2024                   1 March 2034                      0.52700     4 years from grant date     2,580,000            —


                                                                                                                         297,551,144   205,411,385


                  Weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at end of period                           6.59          6.13


                  The Group estimate the expected forfeiture rate at the end of vesting periods (“Forfeiture Rate”) of the share
                  options granted in order to determine the amount of share-based payment expenses charged to profit or loss.
                  The Forfeiture Rate of the share options of the Group to grantees were assessed to 5.80% during the period
                  ended 30 June 2024.




64   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                         Notes to Interim Financial Information

20	SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Employee Share Option Plan (Continued)
   (iii) Fair value of options
         The directors of the Company have used the binomial model to determine the fair value of the options as at the
         respective grant dates, which is to be expensed over the relevant vesting period.

         Other than the exercise price mentioned above, significant judgment on parameter such as risk free rate,
         dividend yield and expected volatility, are required to be made by the directors in applying the binomial model,
         which are summarised as below:

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024                        2023
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

         Fair value per share (in US$)                                                    0.33–0.5                   0.24–0.38
         Exercise price (in US$)                                                         0.19–0.59                   0.01–0.52
         Risk-free interest rate                                                            4.18%                1.16%–3.88%
         Expected Life                                                                    10 years                    10 years
         Expected volatility                                                               79.23%                    33%–73%
         Dividend yield                                                                         —                           —


   (iv) Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
         For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, share-based payment expenses of RMB78,922,000 and
         RMB31,611,000 were recognised respectively.

   (v)   Modification of ESOP terms
         In November 2023, the Group modified several terms including, exercise period and exercise prices of the share
         options that were previously granted to certain directors under the 2021 share option plan. The incremental
         fair value arising from the modification of RMB20,272,000 was recognised as expense immediately and the
         remaining was recognised as an expense over the period from the date of modification to the end of the
         remaining vesting period.




                                                                                           Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   65
     Notes to Interim Financial Information

     21    RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
           exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also
           considered to be related if they are subjected to common control. Members of key management and their close family
           members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

           The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the period
           ended 30 June 2024. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in
           the normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

           (a)   Transactions with related parties
                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024                   2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

                 Revenue from services provided for associates                                                 312                   198
                 Services purchased from a shareholder (continuing transaction)                                 —                  1,721


                 Revenue from services provided and services purchased were based on terms mutually agreed with related
                 parties and in the ordinary course of business.

           (b)   Balances with related parties
                                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)              (Audited)

                 Trade nature:
                 Amounts receivable from associates                                                             70                   395
                 Trade payable due to a shareholder                                                             —                     95

                 Non-trade nature:
                 Investment payable due to associates                                                       4,886                  5,048


                 The above balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand.

                 Note: The investment payable to associates as at 30 June 2024 are due for settlement according to the terms and conditions
                       set out in the related investment agreements which are mainly related to research and development progress of the
                       research and development project of the investees.




66   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                            Notes to Interim Financial Information

21	RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (c)   Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2024                       2023
                                                                                             RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                           (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

           Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                          24,839                      26,182
           Pensions costs, housing benefits and other employee benefits                          2,758                       1,348
           Share-based compensation expenses                                                    76,531                      30,704


                                                                                              104,128                       58,234


22   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As at 30 June 2024, there were no material contingent liabilities to the Group.


23   EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed in Note 12 and Note 19, there were no significant events that might affect the Group since the end
     of the reporting period.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   67
     Definitions

     In this interim report unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meaning set out below.


     “Audit Committee”                         the audit committee of our Board

     “Board”                                   the board of Directors

     “BVI”                                     the British Virgin Islands

     “China” or “PRC”                          the People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this interim report and for
                                               geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise, references
                                               in this report to “China” and the “PRC” do not apply to Hong Kong, the Macao Special
                                               Administrative Region and Taiwan

     “close associate(s)”                      has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “Company”                                 QuantumPharm Inc., an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with
                                               limited liability on 28 April 2017, the Shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange
                                               (stock code: 2228)

     “Corporate Governance Code”               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

     “Crete Helix”                             Crete Helix Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on May 25, 2021,
                                               which is owned as to 1% by Jian Guo Pai and 99% by MH International

     “CRPS”                                    Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares

     “Director(s)”                             the director(s) of our Company

     “FVTPL”                                   fair value through profit or loss

     “Global Offering”                         has the same meaning as defined in the Prospectus

     “Group”                                   the Company and its subsidiaries

     “HK$”                                     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

     “HKEX Guide”                              the “Guide for New Listing Applicants” published by the Stock Exchange in November
                                               2023 which took effect on 1 January 2024

     “Hong Kong” or “HK”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “IFRS”                                    IFRS Accounting Standards, which include standards, amendments and interpretations
                                               promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International
                                               Accounting Standards and Interpretation issued by the International Accounting
                                               Standards Committee

     “Interim Financial Information”           the condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the Reporting
                                               Period

     “Listing”                                 the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

     “Listing Date”                            13 June 2024, being the date on which the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange


68   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                            Definitions

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“LPHappy Family Trust”          the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 by Dr. Lai Lipeng as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“LPHappy Holding”               LPHappy Holding Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 28
                                June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of
                                the LPHappy Family Trust

“MH Fund Trust”                 the discretionary trust established on 29 June 2021 by Dr. Ma Jian as the settlor with
                                TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

“MH International Holdings”     MH International Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                on 28 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                                trustee of MH Fund Trust

“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Ordinary Share(s)” or “Share(s)” the ordinary share(s) of US$0.00001 each (or such par value as adjusted from time to
                                  time) in the share capital of the Company

“Pathfinder SII”                has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 2.5 of the HKEX Guide, and unless the context
                                otherwise requires, refers to the Pre-IPO Investor(s) the details of which are set out in
                                “History, Development and Corporate Structure — Pre-IPO Investments — Information
                                about the Pre-IPO Investors — Our Pathfinder SIIs and Sophisticated Independent
                                Investors” in the Prospectus

“Post-IPO RSU Scheme”           the restricted share unit scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May
                                2024 which came into effect upon Listing

“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Shareholders on 28 May 2024
                               which came into effect upon Listing

“Pre-IPO ESOP”                  the QuantumPharm Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan as adopted by the Shareholders on
                                14 July 2021 and amended on 5 August 2021

“Pre-IPO Investor(s)”           the investor(s) of the pre-IPO investment(s) in the Company, the details of which are
                                set out in “History, Development and Corporate Structure–Pre-IPO Investments” in the
                                Prospectus

“Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated 4 June 2024

“QuantumPharm Employee          the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 with TMF Trust (HK) Limited as
  Benefit Trust”                trustee and 13 employees and ex-employees of our Group as beneficiaries for the
                                purpose of managing and administering the options granted to them under the Pre-IPO
                                ESOP




                                                                                            Interim Report 2024   QuantumPharm Inc.   69
     Definitions

     “QuantumPharm Employee                    QuantumPharm Employee Holdings, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
       Holdings”                               liability on 25 June 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF Trust (HK)
                                               Limited as trustee of the QuantumPharm Employee Benefit Trust

     “QuantumPharm Holdings”                   QuantumPharm Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                               on 25 April 2017, which is owned as to 1% by SSBL Holdings and 99% by WSH Family
                                               Holdings

     “QuantumPharm Roc”                        QuantumPharm Roc Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
                                               liability on 12 April 2019, which is wholly owned by QuantumPharm Holdings

     “Renminbi” or “RMB”                       the lawful currency of the PRC

     “Reporting Period”                        the six months ended 30 June 2024

     “Scheme Limit”                            the maximum number of Shares in respect of which options and awards may be granted
                                               under the share schemes of the Company

     “SeveningBAlpha”                          SeveningBAlpha Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                               May 2021, which is owned as to 1% by Sevening B Holdings and 99% by LPHappy
                                               Holding

     “Sevening B Holdings”                     Sevening B Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on
                                               20 April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Lai Lipeng

     “SFO”                                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

     “Shareholder(s)”                          holder(s) of the Share(s)

     “SSBL Holdings”                           SSBL Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 20
                                               April 2017, which is wholly owned by Dr. Wen Shuhao

     “Stock Exchange”                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary(ies)”                         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “TCM”                                     traditional Chinese medicine

     “U.S.” or “United States”                 the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United
                                               States, and the District of Columbia

     “US$”                                     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

     “WSH Family Holdings”                     WSH Family Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability
                                               on 27 August 2021, which is a holding vehicle wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a
                                               trustee of the WSH Family Trust

     “WSH Family Trust”                        the discretionary trust established on 28 June 2021 by Dr. Wen Shuhao as the settlor
                                               with TMF (Cayman) Ltd. as the trustee

     “%”                                       per cent

70   QuantumPharm Inc.   Interim Report 2024
