CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

7     Management Discussion and Analysis

27    Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

33    Directors’ Report

48    Corporate Governance Report

61    Independent Auditor’s Report

      Consolidated Financial Statements

66      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
           Other Comprehensive Income

67      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

69      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

70      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

73      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

175   Financial Summary

177   Definitions and Glossary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                               AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Executive Directors                                              Mr. Bai Xiaojiang
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)                                     Mr. Cheng Ching Kit(2)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)                               REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                 Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Non-executive Directors                                          Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
Mr. Lu Hesheng                                                   P.O. Box 1350
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                                       Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Ms. Zhou Lijie                                                   Cayman Islands

Independent Non-executive Directors                              HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                  Room 1306
Mr. Ho Man                                                       No. 88 Cao Xi Road North
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                                 Shanghai
Mr. Chen Xin                                                     China 200030

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Ho Man (Chairman)                                            HONG KONG
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                                       Unit 709, 7/F
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                  K. Wah Centre
Mr. Chen Xin                                                     191 Java Road
                                                                 North Point
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                             Hong Kong
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng                                                 PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                  TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Ho Man                                                       Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                                 Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                                 P.O. Box 1350
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                           Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Mr. Luo Zhuping (Chairman)                                       Cayman Islands
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                                 HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                                 TRANSFER OFFICE
COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE                                             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ms. Liang Yanjun (Chairman)                                      Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                  Hopewell Centre
Mr. Ho Man                                                       183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                 Wanchai
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                                 Hong Kong
Mr. Zhu Qiming(1)
Mr. Cheng Ching Kit(1)



Note: (1)     Ms. Hu Yi has resigned as company secretary of the Company and Mr. Zhu Qiming and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit have
              been appointed as joint company secretaries of the Company with effect from 8 September 2023.

       (2)
              Mr. Cheng Ching Kit has been appointed to replace Ms. Hu Yi as the authorized representative of the Company with
              effect from 8 September 2023.


2            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Construction Bank of China
Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Bank of Communications
Bank of Shanghai
Citibank, N.A.

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
1448

WEBSITE
www.fsygroup.com




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the Group’s
results of 2023 to all shareholders for review.

In 2023, the global economic environment continued to grapple with complex and rapidly changing challenges.
Uncertainty surrounding inflation and interest rates, geopolitical instability, and a widespread slowdown in economic
growth persisted, exerting pressure on the global economic recovery. However, against this backdrop, the Chinese
economy displayed remarkable resilience, with an overall improvement in consumer confidence. In particular, aided
by supportive policies, the digital economy and green economy emerged as new sources of growth, presenting
fresh opportunities for development across different sectors.

As a leading funeral and life technology service provider in China, Fu Shou Yuan has always been at the forefront of
industry innovation. With the immense demand and market prospects in the funeral and life service sector, Fu Shou
Yuan have pioneered new dynamics in the death care industry by altering traditional funeral concepts and
incorporating technological elements. We have developed new productive forces in the funeral industry, relying on
leading operational concepts, multi-engine driving, and expansion strategies, thereby meeting the diverse and
differentiated needs of customers, especially in spiritual perspective.

In 2023, the Group’s operating results continued to maintain a steady growth momentum, with significant increase
in revenue and net profit, which not only demonstrated the market resilience of Fu Shou Yuan, but also reflected the
Group’s achievements from ongoing innovation and service optimization. During the Year, the Group recorded
revenue of RMB2,628.0 million, an increase of 21.0% as compared to 2022, and achieved a net profit of RMB975.9
million, representing a year-on-year growth of 20.4%. Profit and comprehensive income attributable to
Shareholders also grew by 20.1%, reaching RMB791.2 million. The Board proposes a final dividend of HK6.86 cents
per Share and a special dividend of HK21.39 cents per Share to the Shareholders. Together with the interim
dividend of HK9.06 cents per Share, the total dividend for the whole year is HK37.31 cents per Share. Based on the
confident expectations of the Group’s future development prospects, in addition to the established continuous and
stable dividend mechanism, the Board proposes a special dividend this year to better return shareholders for their
long-standing support.

Fu Shou Yuan has consistently supported the national initiatives of digital economy development. At the 9th China
International Funeral Equipment & Supplies Expo and Industry Conference held in June 2023, it officially announced
its transition to become a “leading funeral and life technology service provider in China”, and unveiled the innovative
and iterative “3JI” products, which integrate monument, memorial and heritage, offering enhanced emotional value,
technological services and meaningful assets. The Group’s “Digital Transformation and 3JI Product Launch Project”
was recently recognized as a “prominent communication case of enterprises in 2023” at the China Economic Media
Integration Development Summit Forum, garnering significant attention from the industry and highlighting its
pioneering role.




4          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Fu Shou Yuan is committed to leading the industry’s development, pushing the industry towards more compliant
and standardized operations. On December 22, 2023, the first national group standard applicable to multiple fields,
the “General Rules for Social Workers of Funeral Services”, were officially released. These rules were proposed by
and under administration of the Shanghai Qingpu District Funeral Association and jointly released by the School of
Sociology and Political Science at Shanghai University, Li Ji Continuing Education Academy (上海青浦禮濟進修學
院) (the “Li Ji Academy”) and the Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Development Foundation under Fu Shou
Yuan International Group. It will be first implemented as a pilot project in 12 cooperating elderly care and medical
institutions, gradually expanding its implementation in subsequent phases. Since then, the funeral social work in
China can be standardized with clear guidelines and references, thus laying the foundation for improving service
quality, strengthening the talent pool, and fostering high-quality industry development.

Fu Shou Yuan not only focuses on compliant operation of the industry, but also takes cultural inheritance as its own
responsibility and mission. In March 2023, Fu Shou Yuan established the Li Ji Academy, which was officially
approved as a non-degree higher education institution, with the aim of becoming a business school, industry
school, social school, and international school in the industry. In December 2023, Fu Shou Yuan, together with 246
entities including Shanghai University, Beijing College of Social Administration (Ministry of Civil Affairs Management
Cadre Institute), and general and vocational colleges in the industry, formed a national integration community of
production and education in the funeral industry, building a cultural exchange and education ecosystem for the
funeral industry. The Li Ji Academy and the integration community of production and education not only consolidate
professional resources within the industry, but also attract experts and scholars from different fields to jointly
explore the development path of the funeral industry.

In terms of international cooperation, the Group achieved the “International Funeral Service Innovation Award”
during the Year and has organized funeral service seminars and cultural exchange activities in various countries and
regions worldwide. The Group has also signed cooperation agreements with leading funeral enterprises in Europe to
jointly promote research on environmentally friendly burial methods. Additionally, it has established new
partnerships in the North American market, significantly enhancing the Group’s international influence and brand
reputation.

During the Year, Fu Shou Yuan actively expanded its footprint in philanthropic endeavors. Under the umbrella of the
Group, the second “Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Festival” was successfully held at Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural
Landscape Cemetery, attracting over 300 participants. The event introduced eight major public welfare projects,
including the “Family Hospice Program” (家庭病末安寧計劃), the “$1,000 Posthumous Care” (千元身後事) project,
“Public Welfare Pre-Need Contracts of Hospice Care For A Plentiful Life” (「福壽康寧圓滿人生」公益生前契約), and
“Posthumous Care for special groups” (特殊群體續愛安「家」). Furthermore, the festival showcased Fu Shou Yuan’s
public welfare IPs, namely “A Xiang” and “A Fu”, and conducted charity sales of relevant merchandise, and the
proceeds from the sales will be entirely dedicated to the “Family Hospice Program”. We consistently uphold the
principles of respecting life and embracing humanistic values in our business development. By organizing ongoing
public welfare activities, we strive to create a compassionate public welfare ecosystem for the community, and
contribute to promoting education for the betterment of lives, fostering ecological harmony, and cultivating a more
fulfilling existence. In addition, we have launched the “Fu Shou Yuan Care Foundation” to provide funding for
various community health and education projects, aiming to enhance the well-being of the community and support
the development of the next generation. We also place special emphasis on supporting vulnerable groups, such as
providing educational assistance to children in impoverished areas and delivering much-needed humanitarian aid to
disaster-stricken regions. These actions exemplify our profound understanding of and commitment to social
responsibility.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023            5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Fu Shou Yuan is dedicated to fulfilling its corporate, social, industry, historical, and public responsibilities, while also
constructing a compassionate and caring system for life services. In recent years, we have been committed to
establishing ourselves as a leading ESG exemplar in the industry, and in 2023, the Group achieved various
remarkable milestones in the ESG aspect. In June 2023, Fu Shou Yuan was granted the “2023 Green and
Sustainable Development Contribution Award” by syobserve.com and gongyidaily.com. In November 2023, we
received the “2023 ESG Pioneer Listed Company Award” by The Time Weekly. In December 2023, at the 8th
Zhitong Finance Capital Market Annual Conference and Listed Company Awards Ceremony co-hosted by Zhitong
Finance and RoyalFlush, we were honoured with the “2023 Golden Hong Kong Stock Award”. These accolades
thoroughly demonstrate Fu Shou Yuan’s leading position and exceptional performance in the ESG field. Fu Shou
Yuan has always integrated the ESG concept into its business operations, actively promoting the organic integration
of ecological, social, and economic benefits to achieve high-quality sustainable development.

In the future, Fu Shou Yuan will further enhance its corporate governance practices and steadfastly pursue its
sustainable development strategy and philosophy. With regards to the environmental aspect, Fu Shou Yuan will
continue to prioritize green and environmentally-friendly principles across all aspects of its operations, and promote
low carbon, low energy-consuming and highly efficient operation, thereby contributing to ecological harmony and
the green and sustainable growth of the industry. In social aspect, Fu Shou Yuan will persistently innovate and
optimize its products, while preserving the culture of the city, in order to continuously strive towards fulfilling
people’s aspirations for a better life. These recognitions and unwavering commitments effectively showcase the
Group’s exceptional achievements in the ESG field and its resolute dedication to sustainable development.

As we commemorate the 10th anniversary of the listing of Fu Shou Yuan International Group in 2023, we reflect on
the past decade and acknowledge our significant achievements in the funeral service industry, earning honours and
respect from our global peers. We take immense pride in these accomplishments, but we remain committed to
progress. Currently, we are undergoing a transformation from an industry-leading comprehensive funeral service
provider to a comprehensive life service operator. Looking forward, Fu Shou Yuan International Group will continue
to prioritize a people-centric service philosophy, constantly enhance service quality and strive for excellence. We
will adhere to the service tenet of “respecting life and warming hearts”, and uphold the entrepreneurial spirit of
“innovation, responsibility and win-win cooperation” to continuously promote digital transformation, enhance
service efficiency and quality, satisfy the growing needs of our customers, strive for better performance, improve the
mechanism of consistent and stable high returns to investors, and share the fruits of our business development with
all Shareholders.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman




6          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MARKET OVERVIEW

As China advances into a moderately prosperous society in all respects and reached a new historical starting point,
promoting people’s well-being to a new level and continuously enhancing people’s sense of satisfaction, happiness
and security will be the key goals of the future development of people’s livelihood in China. In the new era, people’s
desire for a better life has extended from “life” to “death”. Improving the quality of people’s funeral services and
achieving “peaceful death” have become the major issues in the field of death care service and have been
promoting the development of China’s death care service industry in depth.

In recent years, China’s new urbanization has been progressing steadily with rising urbanization rate. According to
the documents published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, as of the end of 2023, China’s resident
population in urban areas reached 932.67 million, representing an increase of 11.96 million compared to the end of
2022, while the urbanization rate was 66.16%, representing an increase of 0.94 percentage points compared to the
year of 2022. China’s urbanization rate has increased by an average of 0.93 percentage points annually over the
past five years, with more than 10 million rural residents moving into urban areas every year. The steady increase in
the level of urbanization will give rise to a wide range of demands from the new urban population in various areas
such as infrastructure, healthcare and consumption. At the same time, the number of China’s aging population has
further heightened. At the end of 2023, the number of people aged 60 and above reached 296.97 million,
accounting for 21.1% of the total population. The number increased by 16.93 million compared to the end of 2022,
representing a rise of 1.3 percentage points in its proportion to the overall population. During the 14th Five-Year
Plan Period, the population born in the second birth peak in the 1960s are successively entering old age, resulting in
a sharp increase in China’s aging population. In addition, with the continuous advancement in funeral reforms and
customs changes, the cremation rate of remains in China continues to increase in recent years. In 2021, 5.966
million bodies were cremated nationwide with a cremation rate of 58.8%, 3.1 percentage points higher than that of
2020. Looking ahead, the acceleration of and interplay between the new urbanization process, the aging population
trend and the increased cremation rate of remains will continuously give rise to a massive demand for death care
services in the market.

In 2023, China maintained stable economic growth rate while gradually shifting the focus of its economic growth to
high-quality development. With the optimization and upgrading of economic structure and the continuous
expansion of digital application scenarios, consumption potential continued to be unlocked and service
consumption expenditure grew rapidly. According to the statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of
China, China’s GDP amounted to RMB126,058.2 billion in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.2% if
calculated at constant prices. The disposable income per capita of urban residents was RMB51,821, representing a
year-on-year growth of 5.1% in nominal terms and a growth of 4.8% in real terms after factoring in price levels
compared to 2022. The consumption expenditure per capita of urban residents was RMB32,994, representing a
year-on-year growth of 8.6% in nominal terms and a growth of 8.3% in real terms compared to 2022. The service
consumption expenditure per capita of residents increased by 14.4%, accounting for 45.2% of residents’ per capita
consumption expenditure, 2 percentage points higher than that of the previous year. With the improvement of
people’s living standards and the steady growth of their income, the trend of upgrading residents’ consumption
structure in China has not changed, with constant emergence of consumption highlights such as digital
consumption, green consumption and healthy consumption, demonstrating that the residents’ demand for quality
continues to increase, the concept of green and environmental protection becomes more popular, and the desire for
service consumption remains strong. As a humanized funeral service provider, while satisfying the basic funeral
service needs, we will also cater for the public’s growing demands for diversified and differentiated services with
high quality, providing multi-layered service contents and more convenient service scenarios to extend humanistic
care and emotional comfort to the deceased and their families.


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023            7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In recent years, the death care service sector in China has been pressing ahead in terms of reform and innovation,
so as to strengthen system construction and advance the modernization of the governance system and governance
capacity in death care service. Since 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and governments at all levels have
issued the 14th Five-Year Plan on the Development of Civil Affairs (《「十四五」民政事業發展規劃》), which further
improves the public death care service system and enhances the government’s ability to provide basic death care
services. It will further accelerate the reinforcement of death care service facilities in addressing their weaknesses
and practically improve the standard of governance in the death care service sector, while further regulating and
strengthening the management of death care services, standardizing the business conduct of death care
intermediaries and service providers, and establishing a sound and comprehensive regulatory mechanism. In
February 2023, during a standardization working session, the National Funeral Standardization Technical
Committee proposed to resolve the shortcomings and weaknesses in work for death care service (especially those
concerning system regulation) through standardization, and to promote the transformation of funeral activities from
focusing on material and form to essence and implications. In November 2023, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued
the Notice of the General Office of the Ministry of Civil Affairs on Publishing of the Plan for the Construction of Civil
Affairs Laws and Regulations (2023–2027) (《民政部辦公廳關於印發<民政法規制度建設規劃(2023–2027年)>的通
知》), which set out specific improvement measures on death care service system to promote formulation of policies
in strengthening and enhancing death care service management, and initiating studies on legislation for death care
regime in a timely manner. In particular, the Regulations on Funeral and Interment Control (《殯葬管理條例》) has
been included in the legislative work plan of the Ministry of Civil Affairs and its revision is being actively promoted.
The revision of the Regulations on Funeral and Interment Control will deepen the death care reform, improve the
death care service system, and help rectify the chaos in the industry. It further standardizes death care behaviors,
strengthens the provision of legal protection in death care management, promotes the market-oriented and
standardized development of the industry, and ultimately achieves the long-term healthy growth of China’s death
care service industry. The Group expects that there will be a higher entry barrier for both new and existing
participants in the death care service industry. As a distinguished death care service provider and a leader of the
industry in China, we have always been at the forefront of the industry in terms of compliance with the law, and we
believe the above-mentioned regulations will create a better environment with fair competition and adequate room
for sustainable development. We will continue our efforts in directing the development of the industry and better
serve the public through death care services that meet both psychological and cultural needs.

The Opinions on Promoting the Development and Expansion of the Private Sector Economy (《關於促進民營經濟發
展 壯 大 的 意 見》), issued in July 2023, proposing a package of synergistic policies in respect of the development
environment, policy support and the safeguarding of rule of law for the private sector economy. It especially
stipulates the relevant arrangements for the high-quality development of the private sector economy, including the
continuous optimization of the development environment of the private sector economy, the construction of a
high-level socialist market economic system, the continuous optimization of a stable, fair, transparent and
predictable development environment, and the full stimulation of the vitality of the private sector economy, which
have charted the direction for sustainable development and expansion of China’s private sector economy. With the
continuous introduction of specific measures to optimize the business environment across the country and the
steady progress of the “Decentralization-Control-Service” reform, market vitality will be further stimulated, which will
be beneficial for the Group to make more positive contributions to the death care service industry.




8          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

With regards to the technology in funeral and burial, in December 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the 14th
Five-Year Plan on the Development of the Digitalization of Civil Affairs (《「十 四 五」民 政 信 息 化 發 展 規 劃》), which
serves as a proactive effort to establish a nationwide digitalized platform for death care management services, to
build a fundamental national database for digitalized death care information, and to improve the digitalized
standards of death care management services. By promoting the integration of the internet and death care services
and developing new service modes such as remote funerals and online worshipping, it aims to provide more
convenient death care services for the public. In the same month, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued Specifications
for Online Worshipping Services (《網絡祭祀服務規範》), which sets out the basic requirements for providing online
worshipping services, service procedures, and standards for online memorial halls and its evaluation and
improvement. During the Qingming Festival in 2023, millions of people chose to carry out worship online, which has
become an important way for the public to express their grief and remember the deceased. The Internet is
advancing the transformation and upgrading of death care services from traditional practices to modern formats.
“Internet + death care” empowers death care services with information technology. It is accelerating the
standardization of death care services and boosting the high-quality development of death care services. In
November 2023, the “Exchange Conference on Digital Technology Empowerment — Promoting High Quality
Development of Death Care Services” hosted by China Funeral Association was held in Nanjing, China, during
which a range of digitalized death care services (such as digital ancestral shrine, virtual memorial service and eternal
photo frame) were showcased. Such digitalized services simulate the information and image of the deceased into a
virtual form, providing new funeral service content and scenarios that transcend time and geographical boundaries
to satisfy diversified and differentiated service needs. “To use the scientific ways of thinking and approach to give
the deceased dignity, and use modern technology to enhance death care with more humane and high-end services”
will be the future development direction of the death care industry. As a distinguished death care service provider
and industry leader in China, we will continue to elevate our technological innovation capability and accelerate the
application of digital transformation in death care services.

As China’s economic development has entered a new era, people’s demands have been gradually moving from
“availability” to “quality”. In the death care service sector, given the increasing disposable income per capita, the
government’s vigorous promotion of traditional Chinese culture and virtues, the accelerating urbanization progress,
the aging population and the rising cremation rate of remains in China in recent years, these trends not only underlie
the increase in overall demand for death care services, but also demonstrate the requirements for better death care
service quality and the diversification and differentiation of the substance of death care services. With the
acceleration of China’s population aging, the death care industry will be gradually incorporated into the
coordination, development, and planning of the entire elderly service industry to facilitate the development of each
“elderly” service industry in a coordinated manner. In addition, a multi-layered social service security system, led by
the government with contribution from the society, has been established to stimulate the vitality of market entities
and direct social energy towards livelihood service security in an orderly manner, thereby proactively advancing the
structural reform of the supply side of death care services. It secures the basic livelihood requirements and satisfies
the public’s demand for multi-layered and diversified death care services at the same time. These driving factors are
set to boost the in-depth and stable development of the death care service industry in China.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023            9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW

With the economy and society resuming to normal across the country and macro policies taking effect, China’s
economy has been rebounding and improving with steady progress in high-quality development. In 2023, the
country’s GDP reached RMB126,058.2 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.2% on a constant price
basis, with the overall economy showing a stable and recovering trend.

During the Year, the Group kept its focus on sustainable and fast development amidst the new era and
environment. We explore in the dual dimension of both market and product, endeavoring to satisfy the diversified
and differentiated consumer needs of customers, especially on the spiritual fronts, with efforts in multiple aspects
including service expansion, technology leadership and cultural innovation.

In respect of cemetery business, Fu Shou Yuan has been taking the pulse of the times, with insight into market
dynamics to meet the demand for better funeral services in the community. On one hand, we have made prompt
arrangements, accurately analyzing and capturing customers’ pain points and demands, striving to improve product
quality and the culture embraced, while developing and upgrading responsive products and services. On the other
hand, relying on advanced business concepts and technological initiatives, we have unfolded the perfect
combination of traditional funeral services and modern technology, and continued to strengthen our implementation
and exploration in the areas of Cloud Memorial, digital cemetery and digital assets. We will never be content with
the mere transformation of cemeteries into parks and making them beautiful “Monuments”, instead, we are also
eager to deepen the “Heritage” and prolong the “Memories” with digital means, in an effort to establish ourselves as
a science-based life service provider that passes on spiritual heritages. We have launched the first batch of “3JI”
products in Shanghai, Zhengzhou of Henan province respectively to realize our pursuance in “Monument, Memories
and Heritage”, in short, to create beauty with monuments, show lasting yearning with memories, and deepen
respect to heritage, which have received good customer feedback. In terms of monument, we utilized the design
concepts of modern gardens and the unique style of natural aesthetics to develop a modern garden series,
depicting a picture of life and creating a beautiful space for the departed to rest and the living to share. In addition,
the national aesthetic series that utilizes the original flavor of materials to showcase the charm of Chinese style, and
the Zen landscape series that focuses on the beauty of imagination through landscape and culture on top of the
form are also presented in our cemeteries across the country to enrich customer experience. In terms of memories,
“3JI”, our innovative iterative product, is able to create a funeral ceremony that will leave a lasting impression on
attendees, which features immersive digital auditoriums, 270-degree surround screens, holographic projections, or
scenario experiences such as lawn concerts. The product can also be used for subsequent events such as family
reunions, birthday anniversary of the deceased for educational purpose and commemoration at the death
anniversary. In terms of heritage, “3JI”, our innovative iterative product, also provides services such as life memoirs,
digital genealogy and online memorials, preserving crucial details, photos, videos and other digitized assets of a
person’s life to pass on family history and spiritual treasures. Not only have we endeavored to extend and broaden
our product coverage, but we have also kept enhancing our cemetery management with digital and technological
empowerment, in a bid to improve resource utilization, protect ecological diversity and maintain harmony with
environment. During the Year, we developed an intelligent cemetery management system with versatile functions
covering engineering construction to property management, and from green maintenance to plant protection
management, etc., which has been put into use across the Group to empower management. In addition, in order to
implement the national dual-carbon strategy and fulfill its corporate and industry responsibilities, Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan has launched a “carbon footprint” assessment of the tombstone products it purchases, in the hope that by
evaluating the carbon emissions generated by each tomb, it can deduce the carbon emission value of tombstone




10         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

products in the entire Group and the entire industry for each year. This will reduce energy consumption, enhance
energy efficiency and promote sustainable development of enterprises, with a view to promoting high-quality
economic development and realizing harmonious coexistence between human beings and nature.

During the Year, the EPC model of Temshine, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, has undergone significant
refinement and made progress not only in terms of construction efficiency and standards, but also managed to
acquire service contracts from projects outside of the Group. The implementation of EPC model fully demonstrates
the advantages of the Group’s internal resources integration, which significantly reduced the communication cost
between design and construction, increased management efficiency of the whole process of the engineering
program and minimized uncontrollable factors. It has made significant contribution to the cost optimization and
process enhancement of the entire Group’s engineering projects. In addition, the design business of Temshine
continued to make full play to its market access, especially those to the construction of government-led funeral
facilities. It has won a number of large and medium-sized contracts during the Year, demonstrating good business
competitiveness. The design works of Temshine have not only been repeatedly recognised as model units in China,
but also won the Gold Novum Design Award (NDA) in France, the gold award at the MUSE Design Awards in the
US, and the silver award at the London Design Awards during the Year. The excellent works have demonstrated the
aesthetic concept of Chinese life design on the international stage. Further, the design business conducted
preliminary cooperation with government platforms to obtain high-quality project information and create
opportunities for cooperation between government and enterprises, bringing the Group larger information capacity.

In respect of funeral services business, we focused our efforts on four areas during the Year, namely, business
restructuring, services innovations, training and development and standardized management. We have launched a
business initiative named “Five Ups & Five Downs” to ensure more reasonable and healthier operational indicators,
and made our innovations in embalming, paper coffin, body SPA and high-end hearse as a leverage to promote the
high-quality development of our funeral services on a sustainable basis, thereby fulfilling the differentiated and
diversified service demands of clients and lead the development of the industry. In the 11th National Industry-wide
Vocational Skills Competition, we won awards in both the categories of ‘funeral director’ and ‘embalmer’. We also
established four training bases for cremation, embalming, floral arranging and body SPA, and introduced 3D
printing technology to further lay the groundwork for service upgrade. At the same time, we further expanded and
optimized the scope and process of centralized procurement, and actively promoted the strategy of cultural and
creative products. Through cultural and brand empowering of traditional funeral equipment, we successfully pushed
forward the transformation from “practical products” to “cultural and creative products”, thus improving customers’
consumption experience and satisfaction.

In respect of innovations in digital technology, during the Year, we focused on building our capacity of intelligent
value creation and comprehensive resources utilization in the life service ecosystem, and continued to expand the
service scope of our technological products, with a more in-depth and solid services system merging online and
offline, as well as user services with more refined details. On the foundation level, we have completed the VR
environment system of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan to provide basic support for further development of our online
services. On the application level, we have successfully implemented a technology to generate “digital person”,
which uses both two-dimensional and three-dimensional display methods to restore the image of a person, who is
able to carry out free communication powered by AI training and data base. On the 9th China International Funeral
Equipment & Supplies Expo (第九屆中國國際殯葬設備用品博覽會) (CIFE), we showcased a “digital person” with AI
communication function, the first of its kind in the industry, which has received wide attention from the industry.
During the Year, our online memorial products series (version 5.0) had been officially launched, which paid more
attention to customer experience. We also applied digital human technology to certain specific sessions such as
burial and farewell ceremonies. While enhancing the technological sense of traditional ceremonies, it was widely


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023         11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

recognized by users, and we believe that new types of farewell and burial ceremonies featuring digital human and
other technologies will see significant growth in the future. In this year’s Qingming Festival, each of the rates of
users’ retention, active users and paying users for our Cloud Memorial registered continuous rise, indicating that,
after three years of use, users have begun to get accustomed to carrying out worship and commemoration with
Cloud Memorial. For this year’s winter solstice, we released the digital ancestral shrine products. Through 3D spatial
design and display, the life experience, images, videos and items of commemorative significance of the user could
be displayed completely in a space of online ancestral shrine. We further introduced a family tree feature, a digital
tool that helps achieve cultural inheritance and continuity of family. Later on, we intend to explore, on the basis of
these services, the AI and AIGC technologies-enabled communication and interaction between a deceased person
and his/her surviving family members.

As an important strategic pivot of the Group, pre-need contract services help the Group to lock in customers earlier
and bring a stable customer base to the funeral and cemetery segments. In the context of an aging society,
pre-need contract services attract more customers to make their after-death arrangements earlier, and have also
gained the recognition, support and service orders from governments at all levels and elderly service institutions.
During the Year, people have gained a deeper understanding of life, which led to a continued growth of the
pre-need contract business with a total of 17,707 signed contracts, representing an increase of 5.7% compared to
last year (2022: 16,759 contracts). At the users’ end, we communicated with the public on life planning topics in a
way that could enhance their acceptance, such as life-themed board games, and a practical handbook “The Life”
(生 命 手 杖 書). We continued to secure business cooperation with elderly care institutions, communities, the Red
Cross, the aid station and retirement council, etc. on a number of occasions, thereby helping to support people’s
livelihood. Bearing in mind people’s service needs concerning the final phase of life, we developed a wide range of
professional support services such as hospice care and grief counseling, amongst others. Moreover, we continued
to integrate more funeral service providers through the export of our business model to create a service network
with larger and denser coverage, so as to serve the public more quickly and extensively.

The Group’s eco-friendly cremation machine business integrates R&D, design, in-house production, comprehensive
support and after-sales service to manufacture smart and eco-friendly cremation equipment and exhaust gas
purification treatment systems. During the Year, with a focus on the innovation and environmental protection ability
of our products, we have actively introduced, through self-development, various types of practical and innovative
equipment with purification technology inside and outside the industry, which further optimized the level of our
process and design and improved our capabilities in equipment manufacturing. We have successfully developed a
new type of cremator, JS3-II, which greatly reduces the time of cremation and is expected to save energy
consumption by more than 10% after being put into use. We have also manufactured exhaust purification
equipment that can perform cooling, acid removal and dust removal functions simultaneously, and it is expected
that with this equipment, our overall cost can be reduced by more than 15%. At the same time, we actively maintain
domestic and foreign customers by providing quality pre-sales technical support and aftersales repair and
maintenance. During the Year, we entered into sales cooperation agreements with various domestic partners for
cremators, the exhaust purification system ancillary to them and certain ancillary equipment, while continuous effort
have been made for “Jiesheng” to go abroad and make the brand known all over the world. While the Group will
further invest in R&D with a focus on targeted markets to design and manufacture less costly and highly adaptable
equipment for the funeral industry, more resources will be devoted to the marketing and promotion of our cremators
to constantly improve production quality and service system construction and the practice of green concepts,
thereby maintaining its leading position in the market in terms of technology.




12        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In relation to the expansion of our cemetery and funeral business, the Group continued to expand its presence into
key regions and key cities, seeking replicable models for rapid development by means of mergers and acquisitions
of high-quality development as well as innovative drivers of mixed reform projects and cooperative projects. During
the Year, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu. This project is a funeral integration project
comprising the operation of a cemetery and the provision of funeral services. It is also the Group’s first strategic
foothold in Shaanxi Province. Yan’an City is one of the most important revolutionary bases of China with great
historical significance. The Group will develop the project into a Shaanxi-Gansu Revolutionary Memorial Park
celebrating communist values in the future. At the same time, the Group has maintained a good momentum in the
expansion of new projects, with new project companies established in Tianjin and Zhaoqing City, Guangdong
Province, and investment in a project company located in Qiandongnan Prefecture, Guizhou Province, vigorously
promoting the investment, construction and operation of new projects and fueling continuous growth impetus for
the Group’s future development. During the Year, the Group established a joint venture in Shenyang with our
partner to develop value-added and innovative funeral service business. This project is the Group’s first cooperative
project in the funeral sector in the northern region and represents a further improvement of the Group’s funeral
industry chain in the northeastern region. The Group has also signed an Investment Cooperation Agreement in
Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, where it will invest and operate life care service projects related to funeral
business, which will in turn form an integrated business linkage with our existing cemetery projects in Changzhou.
As of now, our footprint covers over 40 cities in 19 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China,
including Shanghai, Henan, Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Jiangsu,
Guangxi, Beijing, Guizhou, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Hubei, Hebei and Shaanxi, which covers our operating
cemeteries and funeral facilities in major cities across 17 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in
China.

The Group has always attached great importance to organizational vitality and talent development. By actively
establishing a multi-channel development model for its employees and an innovative organizational incentive
mechanism, it has built a pipeline of outstanding professional talent while exploring the industrial chain in a
reasonable way, giving full play to the important role of professional and skilled talents in the Group’s development.
During the Year, we continued to strengthen team building, improve operational structure, advance the
standardization of business processes and enhance systematic construction. The award and incentive systems for
employees have been enriched and optimized, and we have introduced a science-based personal performance
management system, which has prompted the team and the Group to develop a strategic vision with shared goals
and fully adhere to the Group’s strategic development objectives.

Since the establishment of the “Fu Shou Yuan Life Service Academy” (福壽園生命服務學院) in 2016, we have been
adhering faithfully to the original aspiration of humanistic inheritance education. We have always been committed to
shouldering our corporate responsibilities for the industry by incorporating an international vision into the current
situation and trend of China’s death care service sector as well as continuously empowering the industry with
knowledge, innovation and talent incubation. In April 2023, upon approval by the Education Bureau, we also
established the Li Ji Academy, the first vocational education institution for death care service industry in the country
with the qualification of a non-academic higher education institution. The Fu Shou Yuan Life Service Academy and
the Li Ji Academy are committed to establishing the industry’s humanity school, industrial school, social science
school and international school. During the Year, a total of 22 sessions were organized for various educational
training at the “humanity school” level. While at the “industrial school” level, we organized 11 sessions for industrial
and institutional exchange and 8 industrial lectures in Shanghai, Beijing, Qingdao, Hefei, Hangzhou, Changsha and
Chongqing, respectively, and took the lead in the joint establishment of an “Industry-education Integrated Unit of
National Funeral Industry (全國殯葬行業產教融合共同體)” with Shanghai University and Beijing College of Social
Administration, which won the “Dual 100 Typical Cases of University-Enterprise Co-operation of China Association


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

of Higher Education (中 國 高 等 教 育 學 會 校 企 合 作 雙 百 典 型 案 例)”. At the “social school” level, we continued to
provide life education to the general public by participating in 2 seminars on life education during the Year. Besides
we participated in the draft and publication of the group standard on “General Rules for Social Workers of Funeral
Services” (《殯 葬 社 會 工 作 者 服 務 通 則》) with Shanghai University, East China Normal University, the Shanghai
Funeral and Interment Cultural Research Institute (上 海 殯 葬 文 化 研 究 所), Tianjin Medical University, Shanghai
Qingpu Civil Affairs Bureau (上 海 市 青 浦 區 民政局), Shanghai Qingpu Funeral Parlour (上海市青浦區殯儀館), the
Shanghai Elderly Service Trade Association (上海市養老服務行業協會), the Shanghai Funeral Trade Association (上
海市殯葬行業協會), the Shanghai Qingpu Elderly Service Association (上海市青浦區養老服務協會), Fudan University
Shanghai Cancer Center and the Shanghai Putuo Liqun Hospital (上海市普陀區利群醫院), etc. At the “international
school” level, by adhering to the strategic policy of “going global and bringing in” and in line with the strategic
direction of internationalization, we organized four rounds of international exchange visits to the United States,
Japan and Australia respectively. Through the visits to the ICCFA Annual Conference and Expo in the United States,
the American Funeral Directors Association (NFDA) Annual Conference and Expo, Tokyo Funeral Expo in Japan,
34th Annual Meeting of the Asian-Australian Cemetery and Cremation Association (ACCA), Springvale Cemetery in
Australia, we widened our international horizon. Meanwhile we worked with the National Funeral Directors
Association (NFDA) in the United States and Okuribito Academy to introduce training programs such as the
“International Memorial Arranger Training in Asia”, and “New Culture of Funeral in Asia”studies, respectively, with a
view to establishing a sound and globally-recognised training certification system as well as enhancing the
professional standards of industry practitioners for the sake of aligning with international advanced standard. As
always, the Li Ji Academy is committed to shouldering its responsibilities for the industry by incorporating an
international vision into the current situation and trend of China’s death care service sector as well as continuously
empowering the industry with knowledge, innovation and talent incubation.

The Group continued to uphold our “People-oriented and Culture-rooted” philosophy and follow the development
strategy of transforming from a funeral service provider to a funeral and life technology service operator and extend
Fu Shou Yuan from the earthly realm to the spiritual realm. We aim to make “Monuments” beautiful, deepen the
“Heritage” and prolong the “Memories”, thereby establishing ourselves from a “1.0 Cemetery” to a “2.0 Humanities
Memorial Park”, then to a “3.0 Life Park”, and finally as a “4.0 Technological-based Cultural Enterprise” that passes
on spiritual heritages. During the Year, about 65,000 media reports related to Fu Shou Yuan were recorded across
the Internet, representing a year-on-year increase of 40%. Fu Shou Yuan’s innovative memorial services, such as
“Online Tomb Sweeping” (雲 祭 掃), “Online Memorial” (雲 紀 念), “VR Tomb Sweeping” (VR實 景 祭 掃), digitalized
exploration of the “JD Channel on Spring Ancestral Worship” (京 東 春 祭 頻 道), “Postbox to Heaven” (天 堂 郵 筒),
“Water-soluble Paper Worship” (水 溶 紙 祭 祀) and “Family Letter for Qingming Festival” (家 書 祭 清 明) were
well-received by the general public. Cultural activities such as the 5th Qingming Forum of Peking University, the Life
Book Club in the Life Bookstore and hospice care projects, anatomical donation memorial activities, charitable
activities such as charitable ecological funerals, life education philosophy dissemination and the stories of funerary
practitioners were liked by netizens. The third batch of Quality-Oriented Education Premium Programs in Shanghai
has been officially launched on the “Quality-Oriented Education Premium Resources Platform for Students in
Shanghai” in April 2023. Riding on its rich red cultural background while embodying memorial cultural elements, Fu
Shou Yuan ingeniously designed the Humanities Experiential Courses entitled “In Search of the Footprint of Original
Aspiration with Respect for the Great Achievements of the Country”, which has been selected as one of such
programs and included in the catalogue of the “Off-Campus Experiential Courses” on the platform. The 9th CIFE
was held in Qingdao, Shandong in June 2023. During the CIFE, the Group held the Digitalized Transformation and
“3JI” Product Launch Event, where its innovative and iterative product, “3JI”, a combination of “Monuments,
Memories, and Heritage” was launched. The six major modules were also highlighted in the event, namely
environmental-friendly machine manufacturing, customised memorial supplies, life education, pre-need services, Fu



14        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Shou Cloud Technology and Temshine design institute. Besides, we promoted our brand concept through various
means including seminar on the event theme, mini-lessons by Li Ji Academy as well as thematic reports on
Sino-Japanese cultural exchanges. On another front, the first digital person model produced by Fu Shou Yuan
modelling on a well-known media figure, was displayed on site and attracted widespread attention. In the same
month, the “Sages and Shanghai’s Urban Memory” forum was jointly hosted by the Humanities Memorial Museum
of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. With “all rivers flow to the sea while all great ways share a common spirit” as the theme,
it aimed to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the “May Day slogan” promulgated by the Central Committee of
the Chinese Communist Party. The historic role of the “May Day slogan” and its present-day inspiration have been
explored from multiple perspectives in the forum. With the second “Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Festival” as a
platform, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Development Foundation, together with Liaoning Guanlingshan
Cultural Landscape, jointly released eight public welfare projects in September 2023, such as “Family Hospice
Program” (家庭病末安寧計劃), “$1,000 Posthumous Care” (千元身後事), “Public Welfare Pre-Need Contracts of
Hospice Care For A Plentiful Life” (「福壽康寧圓滿人生」公益生前契約), and “Posthumous Care for special groups”
(特 殊 群 體 續 愛 安「家」), which comprehensively constructed a public welfare landscape for the benefit of people,
such as hospice care services, public welfare pre-need contracts, public welfare wills, public welfare land-saving
burials, and Ching Ming common sacrifice. Fu Shou Yuan carried out public welfare donation activities in various
regions, including donating to Yunnan to help rural revitalization, and continued to provide scholarships and awards
to funeral-related vocational colleges and universities, as well as created the “Flower of Life” Scholarship for Peking
University Institute for Medical Humanities. The Group has gained wide recognition for its achievements in such
aspects as charitable activities, technological innovations and brand development, receiving a number of awards
including “Annual Excellent Charity Communication Case” (年度優秀公益傳播案例) in the China Economic Media
Integration Development Summit Forum, “2023 Typical Communication Case of Enterprises” (2023年企業典型傳播
案例), “Top 10 Public Welfare Projects of the Year” (年度十佳公益項目) in the Shanghai Public Welfare Selection,
“Outstanding Digital Innovation Enterprise” (傑 出 數 字 化 創 新 企 業) at the 4th Brand Innovation Development
Conference,“2023 Sustainability Contribution Award” (2023綠 色 可 持 續 發 展 貢 獻 獎) in the International Green
Zero-carbon Festival, “Shanghai Outstanding Project of Volunteer Service in Civil Affairs” (上海市民政領域志願服務
優 秀 項 目), “Digital Influential Enterprise of the Year” (年 度 數 字 化 影 響 力 企 業) at the International Science and
Innovation Festival, “Golden Begonia Award” (金 海 棠 獎) at the 10th Asian Microfilm Art Festival, and “Annual
Education Public Welfare Contribution Award” (年 度 教 育 公 益 貢 獻 獎) at the China Public Welfare Festival.
Particularly worth mentioning is that, at the “2023 Brand Power (Kunming) International Summit Forum and China
Top 500 Innovative Brands Release Conference”, the Group, riding on its innovative achievements in brand building
over the past 30 years, was ranked as “China Top 500 Innovative Brands in 2023”, based on recommendations by
relevant authorities and various media, with a brand value of RMB11.978 billion, an innovation index of 428.57 and a
rank of 239.

In view of the above, the concerted efforts of all members in the Group have contributed to a considerable growth
during the Year. The Group recorded a total revenue of RMB2,628.0 million, representing an increase of
approximately 21.0% compared to Last Year. Profit and comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the
Company amounted to RMB791.2 million, representing an increase of approximately 20.1% compared to Last Year.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

REVENUE

During the Year, our revenue increased by RMB456.4 million or 21.0% to RMB2,628.0 million from RMB2,171.6
million of Last Year. We derive our revenue primarily from three business segments: burial services, funeral services
and other services. The following table sets forth our revenue by segment for the Year:

                                                        2023                                    2022
                                                                 % of Total                             % of Total
                                               Revenue             Revenue            Revenue             Revenue
                                             (RMB’000)                              (RMB’000)

Burial services                               2,165,253              82.4%          1,748,898               80.5%
Funeral services                                397,886              15.1%            359,427               16.6%
Other services                                   78,542               3.0%                87,629             4.0%
Inter-segment elimination                        (13,652)             (0.5%)              (24,328)           (1.1%)


Total                                         2,628,029             100.0%          2,171,626              100.0%


BURIAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue from burial services, including revenue from the sale of
burial plots services and other burial services, for the Year:

                                                        2023                                    2022
                                                  No. of                                   No. of
                                            burial plots           Revenue         burial plots           Revenue
                                                                 (RMB’000)                              (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plot services
  Ordinary business plots                        16,385           1,958,344               13,254        1,563,023
  Public welfare plots and tomb
     relocation                                    2,393              7,011                8,868            25,480


                                                 18,778           1,965,355               22,122        1,588,503




Other burial services                                               199,898                               160,395


Total revenue from burial
  services                                       18,778           2,165,253               22,122        1,748,898




16         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During Last Year, the market demand for burial services were temporarily restrained. During the Year, the
accumulated and deferred market demand for burial plot services came up with higher volumes of customers
visiting our cemeteries, resulting in a swift sales rebound. During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services
for ordinary business purpose increased by RMB395.3 million or 25.3% as compared to that of Last Year, and sales
volume increased by 3,131 or 23.6% and the ASP increased by approximately 1.4%. During the Year, sale of public
welfare plots and tomb relocation recorded RMB7.0 million, which related mainly to 1) tomb relocation and
construction service to meet the market demand due to certain government’s plan to develop local infrastructure
construction; and 2) public welfare plots services rendered to designated people. The reduction in the sale of public
welfare plots and tomb relocation was mainly due to one-off large-scale tomb relocation activity in the Last Year.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue of sale of burial plots services for ordinary business
purpose from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new construction) and comparable cemeteries during the
Year:

                                                          2023                                       2022
                                                    No. of                                     No. of
                                              burial plots            Revenue            burial plots            Revenue
                                                                    (RMB’000)                                  (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plots services for
    ordinary business purpose,
    from:
    Comparable cemeteries*                         16,344            1,956,707                13,254            1,563,023
    Cemeteries related to
      acquisitions/new
      construction                                      41                1,637                    —                    —


Total revenue from sale of burial
    plots services for ordinary
    business purpose                               16,385            1,958,344                13,254            1,563,023


*       Comparable cemeteries refer to those cemeteries owned and operated by the Group for the entire period from January 1,
        2022 to December 31, 2023.


During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in comparable cemeteries
increased by RMB393.7 million or 25.2% as compared to that of Last Year. Its sales volume increased by 3,090 or
23.3%. This is because cemeteries resumed to normal operation during the Year and the number of customers
visiting the cemetery parks to purchase the burial plot has significantly increased and the accumulated and deferred
market demand for burial services has come up swift and strong. In particular, the sales volume of the two
cemeteries in Shanghai has picked up significantly during the Year together with the delivery of high quality service
and innovative burial plot products to the customers. Meanwhile, the ASP of burial plots sold for ordinary business
purpose increased by 1.5%, mainly due to the combined effect of improved products mix, contributions from
various cemeteries and the increase in their value, etc. Revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary
business purpose in newly acquired or newly developed cemeteries increased by RMB1.6 million, mainly due to the
contribution from the cemeteries in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and Heze of Shandong Province which started to
operate during the Year. The ASP of burial plots sold for ordinary business purpose in newly acquired cemeteries
was lower than that of comparable cemeteries, as the cemeteries are located at different regions and these new



                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023           17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

cemeteries need time to improve their landscape, enhance the services, strengthen their team and upgrade the
operation gradually, in order to provide high quality services to their customers and to increase the return of the
Group. We formulated a systematic operation improvement plan for these new projects to ensure the achievement
of the above goals. Leveraging on our advanced philosophy, extensive management experience in death care
business and a strong team of professionals, those new cemeteries are expected to achieve profitable growth in the
future.

FUNERAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue from our newly acquired/established and comparable
funeral facilities during the Year:

                                                          2023                                        2022
                                                    No. of                                      No. of
                                               customers               Revenue             customers               Revenue
                                                                     (RMB’000)                                   (RMB’000)

Funeral services, from:
    Comparable facilities*                          71,460              395,803                73,174               359,427
    Facilities related to new
      acquisitions/new
      construction                                   1,208                 2,083                    —                     —


Total revenue from funeral
    services                                        72,668              397,886                73,174               359,427


*      Comparable facilities refer to those funeral facilities owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2022 to
       December 31, 2023.


During the Year, revenue from funeral services increased by RMB38.5 million or 10.7%. The volume of funeral
services decreased by 506 households or 0.7%, while ASP increased by RMB563 or 11.5%. Revenue from
comparable funeral facilities and services increased by RMB36.4 million or 10.1%. The service volume decreased
by 1,714 households or 2.3% mainly because input-out analysis were performed on certain funeral projects upon
their expiration of existing cooperation agreements during the Year and management determined to cease the
operation of those low-performing funeral facilities. The increase of ASP of comparable funeral facilities and
services was mainly due to the following combined effect: 1) funeral facilities resumed to normal operation，and
more value-added services such as wake services, ceremonial farewell services and body SPA have been provided;
2) the proportion of the total sale volumes from Shanghai Liyi with higher ASP has increased.

During the Year, the revenue from facilities related to new acquisitions/new construction was contributed by the
facilities in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and Shenyang of Liaoning Province, which were acquired and incorporated
in June 2023 and September 2023, respectively.




18          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

Our cemeteries and funeral facilities under operation are strategically located in major cities across 17 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC. The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from
burial services and funeral services by region during the Year:

                                                      2023                                   2022
                                                                  % of Total                           % of Total
                                             Revenue               Revenue           Revenue             Revenue
                                            (RMB’000)                              (RMB’000)

Shanghai                                     1,262,184               49.2%           964,745               45.8%
Liaoning                                      188,694                  7.4%          152,228                7.2%
Anhui                                         166,869                  6.5%          193,146                9.2%
Henan                                         164,076                  6.4%            92,179               4.4%
Shandong                                      120,097                  4.7%          127,442                6.0%
Jiangsu                                       117,547                  4.6%          101,940                4.8%
Jiangxi                                       106,804                  4.2%          104,226                4.9%
Heilongjiang                                    97,269                 3.8%            83,056               4.0%
Chongqing                                       85,853                 3.3%            94,043               4.5%
Fujian                                          64,670                 2.5%            53,302               2.5%
Guizhou                                         59,754                 2.3%            53,041               2.5%
Zhejiang                                        56,900                 2.2%            44,634               2.1%
Gansu                                           28,279                 1.1%            13,447               0.6%
Guangxi                                         20,887                 0.8%            13,279               0.6%
Inner Mongolia                                  19,915                 0.8%            16,291               0.8%
Shaanxi                                          1,696                 0.1%                —                   —
Hubei                                            1,645                 0.1%             1,326               0.1%


Total                                        2,563,139              100.0%          2,108,325             100.0%


During the Year, revenue in most regions increased to different degrees thanks to the enhancement of the Group’s
brand as well as the increased customers’ recognition of the small and artistic products and services. Revenue from
Shanghai region has reported a significant increase due to a swift and strong sales rebound and the lower base in
the last year. Revenue from Shaanxi region is related to Yan’an Hongfu, which was acquired in June 2023.

OTHER SERVICES

Revenue from other services for the Year mainly represented revenue of approximately RMB29.4 million generated
from our professional design services offered to cemeteries and funeral parlours throughout the nation, revenue
from Construction Services (“EPC”) of RMB10.7 million, revenue from the sale of cremation machines and other
related services of approximately RMB31.8 million, revenue of approximately RMB2.1 million generated from
construction service of funeral parlours under the franchise agreements.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023         19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING EXPENDITURE

The Group’s operating expenditure, which accounted for 47.8% of total revenue for the Year (Last Year: 52.6%),
increased by RMB114.5 million or 10.0%. The significant increase in the number of business activities and sales
services led to an increase in various operating expenses, but the decrease in the proportion of operating expenses
to total revenue compared with previous years reflects the improvement of the Group’s operating efficiency.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize the resource allocation in order to best meet the development needs
and achieve a cost-effective operation.

The Group’s staff costs include staff salaries, bonuses and benefits. During the Year, the staff costs increased by
RMB42.7 million or 9.2%. Such increase was mainly attributable to the combined effects of (1) the return of staff
salaries to normal level, and during the Year, we no longer enjoyed various social security reduction and exemption
policies as the Last Year, (2) newly acquired or established companies such as Yan’an Hongfu, Shenyang Fuyou,
and Heze Fuluyuan which started to construct and operate.

The construction costs relate to the expenditures in building burial plot products (excluding stone materials). During
the Year, the construction costs decreased by RMB0.2 million or 0.1%, mainly due to the combined effects of (1)
the related cost decreased by RMB3.6 million due to fewer professional services offered to cemeteries and funeral
parlours, and (2) the construction cost of funeral parlours under franchise agreements decreased by RMB2.7 million
due to fewer related services rendered. Meanwhile, the Group focuses on cost invested in construction, through
optimizing the vendor pool and suppliers ranking, reducing overall procurement and engineering costs while
maintaining quality and quantity, continuously improving the return on investment in construction.

Consumed materials and goods relate to materials and goods consumed when we provide burial, funeral and other
services. They also include the materials and goods consumed when we build burial plots. During the Year, the
consumed materials and goods increased by approximately RMB26.9 million or 16.6%, in line with the growth of
business volume of burial and funeral services during the Year. Meanwhile, the Group focuses on implementing the
centralized procurement to a larger scale and to cover more materials with a view to continuing to reduce overall
purchase costs.

Marketing and sales channel costs mainly include advertising costs, marketing costs, and sales commission. During
the Year, the marketing and sales channel costs increased by RMB5.7 million or 13.3%. Such increase related
mainly to the investment in the local marketing activities and nation-wide industry exhibition, etc. and was aimed to
support the rapid rebound of the business. The increase in such costs was in line with the increase in business
volume and sales revenue.

Depreciation and amortization increased by RMB10.7 million or 6.8%, mainly due to the commencement of
operation of certain new cemeteries and funeral facilities.

Other general operating expenditures increased by RMB17.9 million or 11.7%. The increase of other general
operating expenditures such as office expenses, travel expenses, conference expenses, roadshow expenses and
etc. was mainly in line with the improved sales performance during the Year.




20        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING PROFIT AND OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing change of revenue and operating expenditure, our operating profit for the Year
increased by RMB341.9 million or 33.2% as compared to the Year. The following table sets forth a breakdown of
our operating profit and operating profit margin by segment for the Year:

                                                       2023                                    2022
                                                           Operating Profit                        Operating Profit
                                      Operating Profit               Margin    Operating Profit             Margin
                                            (RMB’000)                               (RMB’000)

Burial services                              1,304,277                60.2%            986,017               56.4%
Funeral services                                 64,413               16.2%             48,357               13.5%
Other services                                    1,847                2.4%                  93               0.1%
Inter-segment elimination                         1,662              (12.2%)             (4,140)             17.0%


Total                                        1,372,199                52.2%          1,030,327               47.4%


During the Year, the operating profit margin of burial services increased to 60.2% from 56.4% of Last Year. The
increase was mainly attributable to: 1) the accumulated and deferred market demand has come up swift and strong
leading to higher sales volume of the cemeteries. In particular, the two cemeteries in Shanghai ,have proved a
quicker rebound and increased revenue contribution percentage than prior year; 2) cemetery parks within the Group
have increased ASP and sales volume to different degrees due to the enhancement of the brand as well as the
increased customers’ recognition of small, artistic and digitalized products and services. In particular, the newly
constructed cemeteries, such as the ones in Nanchang of Jiangxi Province and Lanzhou of Gansu Province have
entered into a rapid development period. The above-mentioned business development has led to the increase of
revenue as well as the overall operating profit margin of burial services.

Funeral services were affected by the Covid-19 outbreak last year and certain value-added services and products
were unable or limited to be provided in line with social distancing requirements. During the Year, funeral facilities
resumed to normal operation and value-added funeral services such as wake service and etiquette farewell services
with relatively higher margin were allowed to be performed. In addition, the promotion and acceptance of innovative
services, such as body SPA and anti-corrosion, has also enhanced the differentiation of services. Meanwhile, the
newly established funeral facilities have entered a period of rapid development, and the brand and service content
have gradually been accepted by the local market which contributed more in terms of service volume and revenue,
together with the overall acceleration of aging population, urbanization process and increased cremation rate in the
local markets, which increased the margins of revenue.

During the Year, other services segment recorded an operating gain of RMB1.8 million, mainly arising from the
construction and design services, partly offset by the continued investments in the research and development of
technology and products of cremation machines and Fu Shou Cloud, which are our strategic segments. We are
optimistic about the future of the business on our environmental-friendly cremation machines under the back-drop
of tightening of the rules and regulations on environmental protection by the government. Fu Shou Cloud focuses on
the application of technology in combined death care and “Internet + death care” services, which is an important
direction of the future development of the Group.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023          21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB2.1 million (Last Year: Nil) on loan from bank and
financial institutions. Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB0.9 million (Last Year:
RMB1.1 million) on loans from non-controlling shareholders of certain subsidiaries, and interest expenses on lease
liabilities and other long-term liabilities of RMB4.4 million (Last Year: RMB3.9 million).

Interest expenses on loans from non-controlling shareholders represent the interest expenses of loans borrowed by
certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries from their non-controlling shareholders. These subsidiaries were jointly
invested by the Group and those non-controlling shareholders. In addition to the registered capital, our Group and
such non-controlling shareholders jointly provided funding to these subsidiaries for their land acquisition and
cemetery development via shareholders’ loan in accordance with the respective shareholding percentages. The
interests are charged based on the market rates.

OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

Other income, gains and losses for the Year mainly include interest income, government grants received, exchange
gains and losses, changes in the value of financial assets at fair value, disposal gains and losses of long-term assets
and etc. Among others, interest income and gains from unlisted cash management products during the Year
amounted to RMB62.2 million, representing an increase of RMB17.9 million or 40.5% as compared to Last Year.
Government grants received for the Year was RMB29.8 million, and increased by RMB3.2 million or 12.2%
compared to Last Year. Net gain on disposal of long-term assets during the Year amounted to RMB8.7 million.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Under the EIT Law and its Implementation Regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the tax rate of 25%
since January 1, 2008.

During the Year, income tax expenses recorded RMB455.6 million, representing an increase of RMB174.2 million or
61.9% as compared to that of Last Year. The increase is the combined effect of increased taxable income in line
with the improved sales performance and the withholding tax of approximately RMB87.4 million accrued on the
Year’s profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Such withholding tax will be paid out only when relevant
profits were remitted from domestic subsidiaries to Group’s overseas intermediate holding company.

PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

As mentioned above, our profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company for the Year
amounted to RMB791.2 million, representing an increase of RMB132.6 million or 20.1% as compared to Last Year.




22         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CASH FLOW

The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statement of cash flows for the Year:

                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                             (RMB’000)              (RMB’000)

Net cash generated from (used in)
— operating activities                                                                        1,222,548*              868,255*
— investing activities                                                                         (481,796)*             397,913*
— financing activities                                                                         (387,518)              (399,541)


Total                                                                                           353,234               866,627


*       A classification made by management does not comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, however,
        management considers this classification can better reflect the nature of the Group’s business and can make the
        information disclosed more comparable. The net cash generated from operating activities disclosed in the audited financial
        statements amounted to RMB1,102.9 million (Last Year: RMB852.9 million) and the net cash used of investing activities as
        disclosed in the audited financial statements amounted to RMB362.1 million (Last Year: net cash used of RMB413.2
        million). During the Year, an amount of RMB119.7 million (Last Year: RMB15.3 million) relating to the payment for cemetery
        land acquisition was here classified under the cash used in investing activities, instead of cash generated from operating
        activities.


We generated our cash from operating activities primarily from proceeds of our death care service businesses. Our
cash used in operating activities is primarily for the development and construction of burial plots, and other
operating expenditures. Our net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB1,222.5 million for the
Year, representing an increase of RMB354.3 million or 40.8% as compared to that of last year, which was primarily
due to the increase in revenue during the Year, maintaining our competitiveness as always in generating cash from
our operating activities.

Our net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB481.8 million during the Year. It was primarily due to: (i)
net amount of payment of time deposits, and other financial assets of RMB616.2 million; (ii) payment of RMB119.7
million for the acquisition of cemetery lands; (iii) payment of RMB77.4 million for the acquisition of operating rights
of subsidiaries, cemeteries and funeral parlors as well as other investments; (iv) payment for building new burial and
funeral facilities and capital expenditures for upgrades and maintenance in other cemeteries and funeral facilities,
and construction expenditure of the operating system in total of RMB42.6 million; and (v) payment of loan to
non-controlling shareholders totaling RMB3.8 million; which were partially offset by: (a) withdrawal of investment in
equity fund totalling RMB262.3 million; (b) the interests and gains from unlisted cash management products
received of RMB54.7 million; and (c) repayment of loan from a third party in connection with acquisition of land of a
cemetery project totaling RMB48.0 million; and (d) land-related compensation received of RMB12.8 million.

Our net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB387.5 million during the Year. It was primarily due to: (i)
final dividends for 2022 and interim dividends for 2023 paid to shareholders of the Company of RMB347.6 million;
(ii) dividends paid by subsidiaries to their non-controlling shareholders of RMB132.9 million; (iii) loan of RMB80.0
million to Yan’an Hongfu to enable it to pay back its loan to original shareholder; (iv) repayment of lease payment
and other long-term liabilities of RMB23.1 million; and (v) repayment of non-controlling shareholders’ loan of
RMB4.4 million; which were partially offset by: receipt of loan from bank totaling RMB200.0 million.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023             23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As at December 31, 2023, we had bank balances and cash of RMB2,295.5 million (December 31, 2022:
RMB1,942.2 million), time deposits of RMB167.7 million (December 31, 2022: RMB33.5 million) and unlisted cash
management products of RMB776.5 million (December 31, 2022: RMB487.9 million). Such unlisted cash
management products are with relatively lower risk ratings, which are repayable on demand and have maturity
dates shorter than six months, or are repayable upon notice of withdrawn by the Company at its discretion. Such
assets are highly dispersed and are managed by certain state-owned banks, with expected annualized return rates
ranging from 0.10% to 3.80%. To support our expansion strategy, we hold a relatively high level of cash. In order to
moderately increase capital returns, under the premise of ensuring safety and liquidity, we have allocated a part of
treasury fund to short-term cash management products. Such products are issued and managed by state-owned
banks and have clearly-specified expected return rates, maturity dates or are immediately redeemable. Even though
the principals and return rates of such products are in theory and as stipulated, determined by reference to the
performance of the underlying assets, such as government debt instruments, treasury notes and corporate bonds
with high credit ratings, and not guaranteed by the issuing banks, they are secured in substance considering the
features and historical performance of such products and present situation of bank system in the PRC. We internally
regard our treasury fund put in such cash management products as part of our cash balance, however, from the
accounting point of view, they are classified as the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. In the
foreseeable future, we expect to fund our capital expenditure, working capital and other capital requirements from
the cash generated from our operations, bank borrowings, and other financing channels. The Board confirmed that
the transactions in financial assets for the Year, on a standalone basis or aggregate basis, did not constitute
notifiable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

As at December 31, 2023, we had outstanding bank borrowings totaling RMB200.0 million.

In addition, we had RMB15.5 billion of comprehensive bank credit line as at December 31, 2023.

GEARING RATIO

Gearing ratio is total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of each financial period multiplied by 100%. Our
gearing ratio as at December 31, 2023 was 3.5% (December 31, 2022: 0.5%). Our operation has been lightly
leveraged because of our good cash generating capability from our operating activities. Although we expect that our
capital expenditure in the following years will maintain at a relatively high level, we do not anticipate our gearing ratio
will substantially increase considering the balance of bank and cash on hand. Therefore, we are exposed to limited
interest rate risk.

CURRENCY RISK

The Group conducts its businesses in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances
are denominated in foreign currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2023,
the amount denominated in RMB, HK$, US$ and JPY under the financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and
cash accounted for 97.6%, 1.3%, 0.9% and 0.2%, respectively, of the total amount of these assets. We believe the
current level of financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and certain payables denominated in foreign
currencies expose us to a limited and manageable foreign currency risk. The management controls foreign currency
risk by strictly managing the size of foreign currency risk exposure and closely observing the movement of foreign
currency rates. We may, if necessary, hedge against foreign currency risk using financial instruments.




24          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

In June 2023, the Group entered into an investment agreement to acquire 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu for
a consideration of approximately RMB41 million. Yan’an Hongfu is engaged in the provision of cemetery operation
in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province. The acquisition was completed in June 2023.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not hold any significant investments (December 31, 2022: Nil).

CHARGES ON ASSETS

As at December 31, 2023, the Group did not have any charges over assets (December 31, 2022: Nil).

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, 2023, the Group had no specific plans for any material investments or capital assets.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As of December 31, 2023, the trustee of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme held 48,800,000 Shares purchased
from the secondary market and the above restricted shares have not been granted to eligible participants.

As at December 31, 2023, we had 2,417 full-time employees (December 31, 2022: 2,401 full-time employees). We
offer competitive packages and benefits to our staff. We also make contributions to social security insurance funds
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we provide staff training and development
programs and performance-based bonus to ensure that our employees are equipped with necessary skills and are
remunerated according to their performance.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

We contracted, but not provided in the financial statements, for capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
subsidiaries, land use rights, other investments, cemetery assets and property and equipment in a total amount of
approximately RMB22.8 million as at December 31, 2023.

CEMETERY LANDS AVAILABLE

The saleable area for burial plots was approximately 2.85 million sq.m. as at December 31, 2023 (December 31,
2022: approximately 2.62 million sq.m.), which is sufficient to satisfy the needs of the Group’s sustainable operation
in the long run. When we determine the saleable area of each cemetery, we have already estimated and excluded
those areas not for construction of tombs, such as the areas in connection with business centres, office buildings,
landscaping and main roads. Such estimation may be updated from time to time as our development plan may be
improved from time to time.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2023, we had no contingent liabilities.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There was no significant event that might affect the Group subsequent to the Year end.

PROSPECTS

Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach the goal to carrying
memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient, environmental protection, warm
service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the industry reform and improve the
service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external
development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care
industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high quality death care services. We will
push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death
care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours. We will
actively transform from a death care service provider to a death care and life technology service provider, with the
aim of offering high-quality life services and technology-driven commemorative services, promoting industry
change, and advancing social civilization.

Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promoting growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our Shareholders with the best returns.




26        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), aged 66, is the chairman, an executive Director and the chairman of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Bai is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Bai
has been the chairman of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996. He has also been the president and chairman of
Zhongfu since 1996. Mr. Bai is the director of each of Zhongfu and Shanghai Zhongfu. Mr. Bai has been a director
of Perfect Score since November 2015 and a director of Alliance Rise since May 2015. He is also the chairman of
Chongqing FSY Group. He acted as one of the promoters of each of NGO 1 and NGO 2. Mr. Bai has more than 26
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the Group for 26 years. Mr. Bai
had recognized accomplishments through his holding of senior engineering and business positions in the PRC, such
as his senior role in the construction of the Lupu bridge in Shanghai. Mr. Bai is also a member of the 6th, 7th and
8th central committee of the China Democratic National Construction Association (中國民主建國會) and a member
of the 8th, 9th, 10th and the 12th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Shanghai. Currently, Mr. Bai is
the thirteenth vice president of the Shanghai General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president of the Hong Kong
China Chamber of Commerce, the executive chairman of the Hong Kong-Mainland International Investment Society,
an executive council member of China Charity Federation and an executive council member of China Society for
Promotion of the Guangcai Program.

Mr. Bai served as a general manager in China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企業華東公司), the
predecessor of Zhongfu, during the period from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Bai was a technician, manager of the technology
department, assistant to general manager, vice general manager and general manager of China Kanghua Industrial
Co., Ltd.* (中國康華實業有限公司), the predecessor of China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企
業 華 東 公 司), between 1987 and 1990. Mr. Bai was awarded a bachelor’s degree in computer science by the
Shanghai Second Polytechnic University in 1986.

Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (談理安), aged 59, is the vice-chairman and an executive Director. Mr. Tan is responsible for
the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Tan was a director of Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan from December 2006 to December 2017, a director of Hefei Dashushan Co. from December 2006 to February
2014 and the vice chairman of Chongqing FSY Group from May 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Tan was a director of
FSG Holding from December 2011 to August 2014.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tan had served as the director and the chief operation officer of the paper packaging
division of Pacific Millennium Group* (國際濟豐集團) since he joined the group in 1989. He also served as the chief
executive officer of a joint venture company jointly owned by Pacific Millennium Group and International Paper
Company between March 2001 and July 2005.

Mr. Tan graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor’s degree in physical sciences in August
1986 and received a master’s degree in business administration from University of Southern California in August
1987.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          27
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王計生), aged 71, is an executive Director and the chief executive of our Group. Mr. Wang is
responsible for the overall management and business operation and strategic planning and business development
of the Group. Mr. Wang was the managing director of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan between 1996 and 2019. He is also
the president of Shanghai FSY Corporate Management Consultancy. He acted as one of the promoters of NGO 2.
Mr. Wang has more than 30 years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the
Group for more than 30 years.

Mr. Wang has been a lecturer of courses organized by China Funeral Association for the senior management of
cemeteries since 1999. Prior to that he was appointed as the deputy general manager of Zhongfu in 1991. Mr. Wang
worked as a teacher in the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1991. Mr. Wang was a teacher
and counselor at local schools in Jiqing, Anhui between 1971 and 1980.

Mr. Wang is a renowned figure in the PRC death care services industry. Mr. Wang is the vice president of the China
Funeral Association. Mr. Wang has completed the Senior Executive Program organized by the Faculty of Business
Administration of the National University of Singapore in November 2001 and the China CEO Management
Innovation Executive Program organized by Shanghai Jiaotong University in August 2004. Mr. Wang was awarded
as the national honorary model of labour in April 2015.

Mr. Wang has been an independent non-executive director of Pacific Millennium Packaging Group Corporation
(SEHK stock code: 1820) since December 2018.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), aged 74, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Lu is a senior engineer. He has more than 28
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC.

Since 2001, he serves as the director and general manager of Shanghai Nam Kwong Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
Between 1991 and 2001, he was deputy general manager of Zhongfu, chairman and general manager of China
Zhongfu Petrochemical Industry Co., Ltd.* (上 海 中 福 石 油 化 工 實 業 有 限 公 司), and vice chairman and general
manager of Shanghai Zhongfu International Trading Co., Ltd. From 1986 to 1990, he was general manager of
Shanghai Exhibition Centre Co., Ltd.* (上海展覽中心友聯公司).

From 1973 to 1985, Mr. Lu worked at the science and technology division, the information data department and the
equipment supply department of Shanghai Petrochemical Company Ltd., and held the positions of a deputy
secretary and the secretary to the Party Committee.

Mr. Lu graduated from Shanghai University of Engineering Science with a higher certificate in sales and exhibition in
June 1990.




28        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, aged 65, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Huang has been a general manager of
Chongqing Stone Tan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. since April 2015 and had been the chief financial officer of Big
Earth Publishing, Boulder, Colorado, since 2011 up to October 31, 2014. Prior to those, Mr. Huang served in various
senior management positions within Pacific Millennium Holding Corporation. Prior to joining Pacific Millennium
Holding Corporation, Mr. Huang served as corporate accounting manager at Electronic Data Systems in Dallas,
Texas, from 1984 to 1987. He had also served as president of Energy System International, Beijing from 2003 to
2006; member of the board between 1994 and 2000 and subsequently elected as chairman of the board between
1999 and 2000 for Millennium Bank, San Francisco, California.

Mr. Huang graduated from McMaster University in Canada with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in May 1982. He
also completed an advanced management program sponsored by the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) in March 1999. Mr. Huang has been a qualified certified public accountant in Texas (U.S.A.)
since January 1989. Mr. Huang is currently not a practicing certified public accountant.

Ms. Zhou Lijie (周立杰), aged 49, is a non-executive Director. Ms. Zhou has over 23 years of work experience in the
investment industry. Ms. Zhou is currently the investment director of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (陽光
資產管理股份有限公司). From 2001 to 2009, Ms. Zhou served as research supervisor of Beijing HaiWen Consultants
Co., Ltd.* (北京海問諮詢有限公司). From 2009 to 2020, Ms. Zhou successively served as deputy director of the
Asset Management Center of Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* (陽 光 保 險 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), and senior
research manager, assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager of the research
department of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.

Ms. Zhou obtained a bachelor’ degree in investment economics from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in
1998 and a master’ degree in financial management from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商學院) in 2001.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Luo Zhuping (羅 祝 平), aged 72, is an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee. Mr. Luo has held various positions in China Eastern Airlines (中國東方航空公司) since
1988. He served as the deputy chief and then chief of the enterprise management department of China Eastern
Airlines from 1992 to 1997 and the deputy head of the share system office from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Luo served as the
board secretary of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (SEHK stock code: 670) for 15 years from December
1996 to April 2012. He became a director of the China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited from June 2004 to June
2013.

Mr. Luo graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy of Anhui Labor University (安徽勞動大學) in August 1979 and the
Faculty of Law of Anhui University (安 徽 大 學) in July 1986. Mr. Luo pursued a postgraduate master’s degree
majoring in global economics at the Economics Department of Eastern China Normal University (華 東 師 範 大 學)
between 1992 and April 1994. In September 1998, he participated in an Executive Study Tour organized in the U.S.
by the State Economic and Trade Commission (國家經濟貿易委員會) and Morgan Stanley. He also completed a
CEIBS-Wharton Joint Program in Corporate Governance and Board of Directors in August 2008. Mr. Luo holds an
independent director certificate issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012 and a corporate governance
certificate issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in November 2004.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023        29
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Ho Man (何敏), aged 54, is an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Ho has over 25 years of working experience in private equity investment and finance and is currently the
managing director of an investment holding company. Prior to that, Mr. Ho served as an executive partner
representative of a Chengdu-based private equity investment fund from December 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Ho
worked for a Hong Kong-based private fund management company during January 2010 to December 2013 and
was the managing director and head of China growth and expansion capital of CLSA Capital Partners from August
1997 to October 2009.

Mr. Ho served as an independent non-executive director of Fantasia Holdings Group Co., Limited (SEHK stock
code: 1777) from October 2009 to October 2021; an independent non-executive director of Magnus Concordia
Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 1172) from January 2018 to August 2022; and an independent non-executive
director of Wanjia Group Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 401) since February 2018. He served as an
independent non-executive director of Grand Ocean Advanced Resources Company Limited (SEHK stock code: 65)
since January 2020. All of the companies mentioned above are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Ho was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University and a
master’s degree in finance from the London Business School. He is also a President of the Hong Kong Institute of
Chartered Financial Analysts, a certified public accountant, a private equity M&A investor, a university lecturer, and a
columnist. Under the pseudonym “Alvin Ho” (艾雲豪), he has written books such as “Superstar Economics”, “Who
Stole the Red Devils?” and “RISE FROM CRISES”.

Ms. Liang Yanjun (梁艷君), aged 40, is an independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Compliance
Committee. Ms. Liang has over 17 years of experience in legal service and many years of relevant experience in
securities and capital markets. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Liang worked as legal assistant in Beijing Zhongke
Fuqiao Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京中科富橋科技有限公司) from August 2006 to November 2007, CEO assistant in
Global Energy Investment Co., Ltd.* (環球能源投資有限公司) from December 2007 to February 2009, assistant of the
minister in exchange department of China Center for International Economic Exchanges* (中國國際經濟交流中心)
from March 2009 to February 2010, a lawyer in Beijing Jingtian & Gongcheng* (北京市競天公誠律師事務所) from
December 2010 to May 2016, lawyer and kernel group member in Beijing Maode Attorneys At Law* (北京懋德律師
事 務 所) from 2016 to March 2019, an independent non-executive director in Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive
Finance Co., Ltd.* (上 海 東 正 汽 車 金 融 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SEHK stock code: 2718) from August 2018 to present, a
partner-level lawyer in B&D Law Firm* (北斗鼎銘律師事務所) from April 2019 to August 2019 and a partner-level
lawyer in Javy Lawyers* (北京嘉維律師事務所) from September 2019 to present.

Ms. Liang obtained a bachelor’s degree in the science of law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國 政 法 大 學) in June 2005. She received her lawyer’s practicing certificate of the PRC granted by the Ministry of
Justice of the PRC in March 2011. She was awarded the Qualifications for Directors of Non-bank Financial
Institutions in August 2018 and received the Qualification of Independent Directors issued by the Shanghai Stock
Exchange in November 2018.




30        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Chen Xin (陳欣), aged 48, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen has over 23 years of experience
in finance and investment industries. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Chen successively served as assistant trade service
manager, assistant banking services manager and project finance executive in The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited. From 2002 to 2011, Mr. Chen successively served as associate and vice president of
the corporate finance group of the investment banking division and executive director of the Asian Special
Situations Group (ASSG) in Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Mr. Chen served as head of China in Permira Advisors
(Asia) Limited from 2011 to 2014, served as founding partner of Fides Capital Investors I, L.P. from 2014 to 2017,
served as head of direct investment in CMBC Capital Holdings Limited from 2017 to 2018, served as a partner,
managing director and head of private equity investment in Ally Bridge Group from 2018 to February 2020, served
as the president of Fosun Capital Flagship Fund and head of investment in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
Bay Are from February 2020 to present.

Mr. Chen served as non-executive director of Cosmo Lady (China) Holdings Company Limited (SEHK stock code:
2298) from February 2022 to October 2022, and served as non-executive director of Beijing Airdoc Technology Co.,
Ltd. (SEHK stock code: 2251) from May 2022 to December 2023.

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts in Finance from Fudan University in 1997, a master’s degree in
Economics from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2000 and a master’s degree in business
administration from The Yale School of Management, major in finance and business strategy, in 2002, respectively.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生) is our executive Director and the chief executive of the Group. For Mr. Wang’s
biography, see “Executive Directors” above.

Mr. Ma Jianting, Sam (馬劍亭), aged 43, is our chief financial officer. He has over 20 years of work experience in
finance and auditing, and has extensive experience in financial management, internal control and auditing and
merger and acquisition. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ma had served in various positions in China Minsheng
Investment Group Corp., Ltd. (“China Minsheng Investment Group”) and its subsidiaries or the companies it has
invested in, including acting as a non-executive director and member of the audit committee, investment committee
and remuneration committee of China Medical & HealthCare Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 383) from August
2019 to June 11, 2020; the head of finance team of China Minsheng Investment Group from October 2019 to May
2020; the chief financial officer of CMIG Asia Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 2017 to May 2020; a
non-executive director of China Minsheng Financial Holding Corporation Limited (now known as China Vered
Financial Holding Corporation Limited) (SEHK stock code: 245) from November 2017 to February 2019; and a senior
manager of the finance and accounting department of China Minsheng Investment Group from June 2017 to July
2017. From September 2003 to May 2017, he worked in the audit department in Shanghai office of Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP and his last position was an audit senior manager, during which from September 2008 to March
2010, he was assigned to Manchester office of Ernst & Young (United Kingdom) as an audit executive.

Mr. Ma obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in English (Finance and Business) from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in June
2003, and holds the qualification of PRC Certified Public Accountant (CICPA).




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023         31
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Zhu Qiming (祝启銘), aged 36, is our secretary to the Board, joint company secretary and the general manager
of the board secretary office of the Company (the “Board Secretary Office”). He joined the Company since 2011.
From 2011 to 2014, he worked successively in the marketing department, brand management department, office of
the general manager and initial public offering preparatory team of the Group. From 2014 to 2022, he served
successively as the supervisor of the Board Secretary Office, manager and the assistant to general manager of the
Board Secretary Office. Mr. Zhu is responsible for the capital market management, investor relationship
management, information disclosure, corporate governance and corporate structure management of the Company.
Mr. Zhu obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University (上 海 大 學) in 2010, obtained an
Occupational Qualification Certificate of cemetery manager (墓 園 管 理 員) issued by the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security of The People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in 2011,
completed an advanced seminar on business administration and big data industry (工商管理與大數據產業高級研修
班) at Shanghai Jiao Tong University Education Group (上海交通大學教育集團) in 2018, obtained a qualification
certificate of board secretary issued by Shanghai Stock Exchange (上 海 證 券 交 易 所) in 2021 and won the “Best
Secretary of the Year 2023” awarded by “Ju Dong Mi” (聚董秘) in 2023.




32        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board presents the directors’ report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2023.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the provision of burial services and funeral services. The
Group’s subsidiaries also carry on provision of designing services for cemeteries and funeral parlours,
manufacturing of cremation devices and sales and after-sales service of cremation devices. Details of the
subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 43 to the financial statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 66 of this Annual Report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The financial summary of the Group between 2019 and 2023 is set out on page 175 in the section “Financial
Summary” of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group realized the sale of 18,778 tombs and provided funeral
services to 72,668 customers and recorded total revenue of RMB2,628.0 million, made a net profit totalling
RMB975.9 million, and net profit attributable to our shareholders of RMB791.2 million.

As at December 31, 2023, we operated 34 cemeteries, and 32 funeral facilities throughout the PRC. Our business
coverage has expanded to over 40 cities across 19 provinces, autonomous regions or municipalities in China. The
expanding business footprints lay a good foundation for our future development.

For more details of the business development and performance of the Group for the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report. The above section forms part of this
report.

Principal risks and uncertainties

As the death care industry in China is originated from a long cultural history, it features a geographically distinctive
and traditional operation model. The conventions of such industry are now facing challenging innovation and the
maturity of relevant regulations remains to be seen while the world keeps progressing and updating. In a leading
position of China’s death care industry, the Group is committed to leading the modernization reform of the death
care business in China so as to reduce the risk arising from outdated regulations for the industry.

The death care industry in China, subject to the strict requirement of relevant regulations imposed by the
government, is a highly regulated industry. There are strict restrictions on licenses and land supply which pose risks
and uncertainties on the Group’s business expansion.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

One of the important strategies of the Group is to accomplish business expansion through mergers and
acquisitions. However, the success of such strategy depends on a number of uncertainties, which mainly include:
whether the acquired targets have any hidden debts and unknown potential litigations, whether we can integrate the
acquired targets properly and enhance their value added, and whether there are sufficient skilled and qualified
managerial personnel to satisfy the market needs during our expansion.

Requirements and restrictions still exist in China on fund flow under capital accounts, which may affect the Group’s
flexibility to make use of global funds to implement business expansion and our ability to distribute dividends to
foreign investors.

For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus. For risks of
climate change, please refer to the 2023 Sustainability Report published separately by the Company.

Events occurred since the end of the financial year

For details of the events occurred since the end of the financial year of the Group, please refer to the section
headed “Events after the Year” of the section “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report.

Future development

For more than ten years since its listing, the Group has been striving to consolidate its leading position in the death
care industry in China through its operation strategies.

Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach the goal to carrying
memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient, environmental protection, warm
service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the industry reform and improve the
service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external
development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care
industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high quality death care services. We will
push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death
care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours. We will
actively transform from a death care service provider to a death care and life technology service provider, with the
aim of offering high-quality life services and technology-driven commemorative services, promoting industry
change, and advancing social civilization.

Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort in promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promoting growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our investors with the best returns.




34         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Environmental policies and performance

The Group has always adhered to the sustainable development philosophy of “transforming cemeteries into parks,
farewells into beautiful moments and ceremony into commemoration” and is committed to making breakthroughs in
ideas, products, services, culture, art, science and technology, integrating the concept of green, ecology, art,
humanities into funeral culture, guiding the death care service return to the cultural essence of emotional needs,
promoting Chinese traditional culture, leading the development and reform of China’s modern death care industry.

The Group engaged in assistance and poverty alleviation in many regions and relied on public welfare foundation to
shoulder social responsibility and create social value. We always keep in mind that today’s peace comes from
predecessors’ efforts. The Group sees their spirits as cultural inheritance and imbeds into education campaigns
organized by us. Also, we combine the life and emotion to build a long-term social value.

We value the Company’s talents development, safeguard their rights and interests, and create a green and sound
work environment to prevent our staff’s rights and interests from being infringed. Moreover, we provide well-
established training systems for staff and cultivate a united work team. Focusing on the promotion of concepts and
ideas, Fu Shou Yuan continuously deepens its communication with global peer workers for cultural exchange.
Meanwhile, we attract more social talents and young people to join us.

Fu Shou Yuan advocates the concept of ecological civilization and practices green and environmental development.
We incorporate eco-friendly and green low-carbon elements in cement design, including the use of green building
materials, promotion of eco-friendly sarcophagus, and stay focus on land-saving and ecological burial style of
“tombstone slimming and memorial capacity expansion” to reduce stone consumption and save land resources,
and conduct “carbon footprint” assessment on tombstone products. As of 2023, we were granted carbon neutrality
cemetery certification for three consecutive years, the only one nationwide.

We prioritize inheritance, saving and efficiency as key point for future development of life service industry. Following
the philosophy of conserving lands, promoting livelihood and commemorating and inheriting, we explore new
continuation methods for spiritual life value and map out a blueprint for sustainable development. Going forward, we
will continue to promote the understanding of the concept of life service among our staff and customers, fulfilling
business, industrial, social, historical and public responsibilities and provide premium life service.

Fu Shou Yuan was awarded AA rating in MSCI ESG rating, taking a leading position among its peers in the globe.
Furthermore, we have been consistently selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability
Benchmark Index, fully demonstrating Fu Shou Yuan’s wide recognition in sustainable development.

Please refer to the 2023 Sustainability Report of the Company published separately for more details of the Group’s
sustainability policy and performance.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023         35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with the relevant laws and regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements. The Group has set up various
internal control systems and allocated human resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations,
and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators through effective communications. During the Year, to
the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with all of the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and
Hong Kong, including but not limited to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), the Listing Rules and the Regulations on Funeral and Interment
Control.

Relationships with stakeholders

The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise our employees,
customers, suppliers, regulators and shareholders.

Employees

Our success depends on our qualified and skilled employees and we believe employees are the most valuable
resource and wealth of the Group. Our Group adheres to the value of people orientation and our goal is to
constantly maximize our employee value and enterprise value. Therefore, we developed a set of internal training
programs and provide a wide range of education and development opportunities for our employees. The Group also
provides competitive remuneration package to attract and motivate the employees. Performance appraisal and
interview is held for reviewing the remuneration package of employees and making necessary adjustments to
conform to the market standard. We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019
to provide incentive or reward to eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or
potential contribution to the Group. As at December 31, 2023, we had 2,417 full-time employees (December 31,
2022: 2,401).

Customers

The Group attaches extremely great importance to customer services and is committed to providing quality services
and products to our customers while maintaining long-term business growth. We conduct monthly call-back
interviews for customer satisfactory survey and made summary and analysis of customer opinions and provides
feedback to our customer after internal communication. We recognize the important role of customers in our
success and will continue to enhance the quality of our services and products.

Suppliers

Our suppliers mainly include tombstone producers, landscaping companies and so forth. Our Group has a complete
set of purchasing system with regard to suppliers, in order to safeguard the interests of our Group as well as giving
an impetus to suppliers. Evaluation is conducted on suppliers to define the service scope and responsible person of
each suppliers, and guarantees the product and service quality and interests of suppliers. Our Group established
our “Environment and Labor System for Suppliers” in 2016 and has implemented in 2017, in order to improve the
screening standard on suppliers and join hands with them for common growth.




36          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Regulators

The Group operates in the death care sector which is regulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and other
relevant regulators. The Group maintains cordial working relationships with regulators through effective
communications and ensures compliance with rules and regulations.

Shareholders

One of the Group’s objectives is to enhance corporate value to our Shareholders. We are poised to foster business
development for achieving sustainability of earning growth and reward our Shareholders by stable dividend payouts
taking into account liquidity positions and business expansion needs of the Group.

For more details of the relationship with stakeholders of the Group, please refer to the 2023 Sustainability Report of
the Company published separately.

FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK6.86 cents per Share for the year ended December
31, 2023 (2022: HK7.58 cents per Share) and a special dividend of HK21.39 cents per Share. The final dividend will
be payable on Friday, June 28, 2024, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend will
be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of
business on Tuesday, June 18, 2024. The special dividend will be payable on Thursday, October 31, 2024. The
special dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company at the close of business on Friday, October 18, 2024. Subject to the Companies Act, through a general
meeting we may declare dividends in any currency but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount
recommended by the Board. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends may be declared and paid out of our
profit, realized or unrealized, or from any reserve of our Company lawfully available for distribution including share
premium.

We also intended to distribute to our shareholders no less than 35% of our net distributable profit since the year
ended June 30, 2022 and for each fiscal year thereafter. However, we will re-evaluate our dividend policy annually.

CLOSURES OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Monday, May 20, 2024 to Thursday, May 23, 2024, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, all
transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on
Friday, May 17, 2024.

For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Friday, June 14, 2024 to Tuesday, June 18, 2024, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed final
dividend, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in
Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 13, 2024.


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

For determining the entitlement to the proposed special dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Wednesday, October 16, 2024 to Friday, October 18, 2024, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed
special dividend, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms
must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong
Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712 –1716,17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, October 15, 2024.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 43 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For the year ended December 31, 2023, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 26.2%
(2022: 28.3%) of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from our single largest supplier accounted for 9.1%
(2022: 10.9%) of the Group’s total purchases.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the combined revenue from the five largest customers did not exceed
30% of the total revenue of the Group.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interests in the Group’s five largest suppliers
and customers.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set
out in Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in
Note 33 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

RESERVES

Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023
are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 69 of this Annual Report and Notes 34 and
45 to the audited consolidated financial statements respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, as at December 31, 2023, are set out in Note 45 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.




38        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BORROWINGS

Details of bank borrowings and other borrowings of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 are
set out in note 29 to the financial statements (December 31, 2022: Nil).

TAXATION

If Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the
exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their tax adviser.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the Year.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, or the law of Cayman Islands being
the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares
on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group made approximately RMB0.8 million charitable and other
donations.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this Annual Report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this Annual Report.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023      39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

In accordance with Article 108 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Luo Zhuping
and Ms. Liang Yanjun shall retire by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
each of such service agreements may be terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either
party on the other.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years. Each of such appointments may be terminated by
not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than the normal statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the
independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for as disclosed under the section headed “Permitted Indemnity Provision” in this Annual Report, no
transaction, arrangement and contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies or
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2023 or at any
time during the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, no contract of significance between the Company, or
any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was made.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

During the year ended December 31, 2023, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules) had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

TAX RELIEF

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.




40        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2023.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

In compliance with the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate
remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration is subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other
emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, the
recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the performance and results of the Group. No Director, or
any of their respective associates, was involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December
31, 2023 are set out in Note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
financial year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal
actions against its Directors and officers.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save for the Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company as set out in this Annual
Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December
31, 2023.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on December 3, 2013 and shall be valid and effective for a period
of 10 years from that date, and expires on 3 December 2023. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to
provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit
and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any entity in
which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may offer to grant an option
to any directors or employees, or any advisors, consultants, suppliers, customers or shareholders of any members
of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023          41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the
Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the
Shares in issue from time to time. The maximum number of Shares available for issue under options which may be
granted under the Share Option Scheme or other share option scheme adopted by the Company must not in
aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Global Offering (but taking no
account of any Shares which may be allotted or issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as
defined in the Prospectus)), being 200,000,000 Shares, representing 8.62% of the issued shares as at the date of
this Annual Report. The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme to an Eligible Participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the number of Shares in issue as at the date of grant unless approved by the Shareholders in general meeting.

The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall
be determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the date of grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the
average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five trading
days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.

Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant.
An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date
upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The
period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that
no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, no options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the
Share Option Scheme, and no outstanding options were available under the Share Option Scheme.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not adopt any new share option schemes.

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As at each of January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, the trustee of the Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme held
48,800,000 shares while no Restricted Shares were granted under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme. As at
each of January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, the number of Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) available for
grant under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is 67,444,812 Shares, representing approximately 2.9% of the
total issued shares of the Company. As at December 31, 2023, the total number of shares available for issue under
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme was 18,644,812, representing approximately 0.8% of the issued Shares as
at the date of this report.

The Board may, at its sole discretion, determine which eligible participant(s) shall be entitled to receive grants of
Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, together with the number of shares to which each
selected participant shall be entitled, and make the relevant grant of Restricted Shares to the selected participants
under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme subject to such conditions as the Board may deem appropriate at its
discretion.




42            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Any proposed grant of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme to any connected
person in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries must be approved by the independent non-executive
directors of the Company (except where such connected person is an independent non-executive director of the
Company, in which case such director shall abstain from such approval process) and in accordance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules, including but not limited to chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including seeking
independent shareholders’ approval).

Vesting shall only occur upon satisfaction (or where applicable, wavier by the Board) of the conditions imposed by
the Board.

The Board or person(s) to which the Board delegated its authority may either (a) direct and procure the trustee to
release from the trust the Restricted Shares to the selected participants by transferring the number of Restricted
Shares to the selected participants in such manner as determined by the Board from time to time; or (b) to the
extent that, at the determination of the Board or its delegate(s), it is not practicable for the selected participants to
receive the Restricted Shares in shares solely due to legal or regulatory restrictions with respect to the selected
participant’s ability to receive the Restricted Shares in shares or the trustee’s ability to give effect to any such
transfer to the selected participant, the Board or its delegate(s) will direct and procure the trustee to sell, on the
market at the prevailing market price or, if appropriate, at a price no more than the maximum price specified by the
Company, the number of Restricted Shares so vested in respect of the selected participant and pay the selected
participant the proceeds in cash arising from such sale based on the actual selling price of such Restricted Shares.

The Restricted Share Incentive Scheme commences on the adoption date, i.e., November 29, 2019, and remains
valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten (10) years from such date,
unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board.

For more details, please refer to our announcement dated November 29, 2019.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, no Restricted Share were granted, vested, cancelled or lapsed under
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, and no unvested Restricted Share were available under the Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023           43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the
register referred to therein; or (b) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)    Interest in the Shares

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                              the issued share
                                                                           Nature of          Number of           capital of the
       Name of Directors                Capacity                           Interest                Shares             Company
       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                Beneficiary of a trust (Note 1)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position      10,453,452                  0.45%
       Mr. Wang Jisheng                 Beneficiary of a trust (Note 2)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position          453,452                 0.02%
       Mr. Tan Leon Li-an               Beneficial owner                   Long position          900,000                 0.04%
       Mr. Lu Hesheng                   Interest in a controlled           Long position      27,600,000                  1.19%
                                          corporation (Note 3)
       Mr. Huang James                  Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
            Chih-Cheng

       Notes:

       1.       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is interested in the entire issued share capital of Wish and Catch, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, of
                which Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is a beneficiary.

       2.       Mr. Wang Jisheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Peaceful Field, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, of
                which Mr. Wang Jisheng is a beneficiary.

       3.       Mr. Lu Hesheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Grand Fire, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 1.19% of the issued share capital of the Company.


(ii)   Interest in underlying Shares of share options

       As at year ended December 31, 2023, neither the Directors nor chief executive of the Company (including their
       spouses and children under 18 years of age) had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
       shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
       the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to
       the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




44           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2023
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at December 31, 2023, so far as the Directors were aware, the Substantial Shareholders, other than the Directors
or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                                   the issued
                                                                                                                 share capital
                                                                              Nature of                  No. of         of the
Name of Substantial Shareholders Capacity                                     Interest                  Shares      Company
FSG Holding                                    Beneficial owner               Long position       320,360,000             13.81%
Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as              Founder of a discretionary     Long position       320,360,000             13.81%
     “Tan Chih Chun”)                            trust (Note 1)
Perfect Score                                  Beneficial owner               Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
Alliance Rise                                  Interest in a controlled       Long Position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 2)
Zhongfu                                        Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 3)
Hongfu                                         Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 4)
NGO 1                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 5)
NGO 2                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 6)
Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd.*             Beneficial owner (Note 7)      Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
     (陽光人壽保險股份有限公司)
Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* Interest in a controlled                  Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
     (陽光保險集團股份有限公司)                              corporation (Note 7)

*    The English translation is for identification purpose only

Notes:

1.       Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as “Tan Chih Chun”), the father of Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, is entitled to exercise or control the
         exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of FSG Holding through (i) being a settlor of a trust,
         which in turn is interested in the entire issued share capital of Pacific Millennium Investment Corporation, the largest
         shareholder of FSG Holding; and (ii) being a settlor of another trust, which in turn is interested in the entire issued share
         capital of Fast Answer Limited, the third largest shareholder of FSG Holding. Together, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is interested in
         an aggregate of 48.15% of the issued share capital of FSG Holding. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is deemed or taken to
         be interested in approximately 13.81% of the issued share capital of the Company in which FSG Holding is interested in.

2.       Perfect Score is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise and Alliance Rise is deemed or taken to be interested in
         approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

3.       Alliance Rise is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu and Zhongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in
         approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023              45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

4.      Zhongfu is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongfu and Hongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

5.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 1 as to 50% and NGO 1 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

6.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 2 as to 50% and NGO 2 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

7.      Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is interested in approximately 99.99% of the issued share capital of Sunshine Life
        Insurance Co., Ltd. and therefore Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        6.53% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is interested in.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, so far was known to the Directors, no other persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives) had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year ended December 31, 2023 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18
years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its
holding companies or any of subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the
Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body
corporate.

EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in Note 40 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained the public float as required by the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31,
2023.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

(1)     Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限
        公 司) (“Chongqing Guolong”) and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on November 28,
        2017, pursuant to which Chongqing Guolong provided a shareholder loan to Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The loan
        were extended in 2022 and they are due within one year from the extension date. As at December 31, 2023,
        the loan remaining outstanding amounted to approximately RMB18.13 million. The interest rate is
        approximately 4.35% per annum.




46           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Chongqing Guolong (the “Loan”) was to fund the
      cemetery development. In considering the funding requirement, Chongqing Guolong, a shareholder of Xiyuan
      Fu Shou Yuan, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided their funding to
      Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholder’s loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in
      addition to the registered capital.

      Chongqing Guolong is a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level as it is a substantial
      shareholder of Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan and owns 49% equity interest in Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan
      constituted a continuing connected transaction.

      The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
      Rules), was provided by Chongqing Guolong for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no security
      over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
      announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
      Rules.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and external auditor the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2023.

AUDITOR

The financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, auditor of the Company, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered itself for re-appointment as
auditor at the AGM. There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in the past three years.

A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of auditor.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman

Hong Kong, March 22, 2024




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023        47
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2023.

Unless otherwise stated, reference of the code provisions made in this corporate governance report in relation to the
CG Code is referred to the provisions contained in the Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules in force during the year
ended December 31, 2023.

CORPORATE CULTURE

Based on the industry cognition of “farewell to physiological life, and continuation of the spiritual life”, Fu Shou Yuan
actively promotes strategic transformation, deepens the strategic positioning as a life technology service provider,
and brings new, stereoscopic and warm life perception and life remembrance to the public by technological means.
In the past year, Fu Shou Yuan has continuously enriched its service offerings around the “3JI” concept of “Jihao”
(Monuments) beautification, “Jizai” (Memories) thickening, and “Jinian” (Heritage) lengthening, and launched
innovative products and services such as “3D digital human”, “immersive digital auditorium” and “shared altar” so
that the power of memory and companionship can be continued.

Staying true to our original intention may we repay the society. In line with the original intention of “caring for life and
escorting for life”, Fu Shou Yuan has carried out loving public welfare services in many places to build a public
welfare picture that benefits the people. Based on these culture and principles, we offer a series of services,
including ceremonial services, cemetery operations, and the dissemination of life culture and grief counseling.

We hope to continue to make profits and develop, continuously utilize effective resources to layout and develop the
market, and promote industry change with the new culture, in order to drive enterprise development and become a
company that brings benefits to the society, shareholders, and employees. We provide integrity and anti-corruption
training for all directors and employees, and establish a comprehensive anti-corruption system. We adhere to the
principle of “people-oriented”, unite employees as one, and actively assume corporate responsibilities by carrying
out diverse and open public welfare projects, integrating social resources, and practicing social responsibility.

As the explorers and participants in the development and transformation of China’s funeral industry, we actively
seek breakthroughs in enterprise development, product transformation, services improvement, and fulfilment of
industry responsibilities. At the same time, we should not only make arrangements in a respectful and scientific way
when human physical lives end, but also study the continuation of the spiritual life for 100 years of afterlife, preserve
and extend human spiritual life, and let the spirits of the deceased continue to live in the hearts of the living, in order
to become a common spiritual wealth of human beings, taking up historical and public responsibility.

Please refer to the 2023 Sustainability Report of the Company published separately for more details of the Group’s
corporate culture.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company recognizes the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is committed
to achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results and improve its
corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.

The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.




48         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is of opinion that the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code
throughout the year ended December 31, 2023.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in securities of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiry to all
the Directors, each of them confirmed that they have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in
the Model Code throughout the year ended December 31, 2023.

To comply with the code provision C.1.3 of the CG Code, the Company has also established and adopted a code of
conduct regarding its employees’ securities transactions, on terms no less exacting than the standards set out in
the Model Code, for compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information in
relation to the Company or its securities because of their offices or employments.

No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company
were noted by the Company throughout the year ended December 31, 2023.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board composition

The Board currently comprises three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non —
executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set out as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report.

Throughout the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1),
3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or
accounting or related financial management expertise, and independent non-executive directors representing at
least one-third of the board of the directors.



                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023          49
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

None of the Directors has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.

Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of
communications.

The Board should meet regularly and Board meetings should be held at least four times a year. At least 14 days’
notice of all regular Board meetings is given to the Directors who are given the opportunity to include other matters
in the agenda of meetings.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board has held 8 meetings in total.

The attendance records of the individual Directors at the meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Compliance Committee and the general meeting for the year ended
December 31, 2023 are set out as follows:

                                                                 No. of Meetings Attended/Held
                                                         Audit Nomination Remuneration       Compliance       Annual
                                            Board    Committee   Committee      Committee        Committee   General
Name of Directors                         Meetings    Meetings    Meetings        Meetings        Meetings   Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                              8/8          —           1/1             —               —        1/1
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                             6/8          —            —             1/1              —        1/1
Mr. Wang Jisheng                               8/8          —           1/1             —               —        1/1


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng                                 8/8          —            —              —               —        1/1
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                     7/8         2/2           —              —               —        1/1
Ms. Zhou Lijie                                 8/8          —            —              —               —        1/1


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                8/8         2/2          1/1            1/1             3/3       1/1
Mr. Ho Man                                     8/8         2/2          1/1             —              3/3       1/1
Ms. Liang Yanjun                               8/8          —           1/1            1/1             3/3       1/1
Mr. Chen Xin                                   8/8         2/2           —              —               —        1/1

Except for the annual general meeting, the Company did not hold any other general meeting during the year ended
December 31, 2023.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years.




50           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are governed by the Articles of
Association. The Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, is responsible for reviewing the
Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of
Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.

The Articles of Association provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
meeting, or as an additional to the existing Board shall hold office only until the following annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

In accordance with the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
Directors for the time being or, if the number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-election.

The Shareholders may, at any general meetings convened and held in accordance with the Articles of Association,
remove a Director by ordinary resolution at any time before the expiration of his/her term of office notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Articles of Association or in any agreement between the Company and such Director
and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his/her stead.

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group in accordance
with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor on the financial statements of the Group are set out
in the section of “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.

Responsibilities of and Delegation by the Board

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions and
monitoring business and performance.

The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
conducting the day-to-day operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to
review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make
financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management
including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a
periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group. A memorandum on respective
functions of the Board and management of the Company has been established in writing.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          51
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company has established internal mechanism to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and
input. Directors are free to engage external independent professional advisers to assist them to discharge their
duties as they think fit, at the expense of the Company.

The Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism.

The whistleblowing policy has been implemented for employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders who
have concerns about any suspected misconduct or malpractice within the Group to raise concerns, in confidence
and anonymity.

The Company also implemented anti-corruption policy pursuant to the requirement of the CG Code.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, being independent non-executive Directors,
have made confirmations of independence pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin meet the
independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent to the Company.

Continuous Professional Development

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of
training materials. All Directors have provided their training records to the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, all Directors, including Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang
Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang
Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of
being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and
business of the Group, and Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang
James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin have
attended a training regarding Directors’ duties, obligation of listed company, obligation of information disclosure
and environmental, social and governance reporting.

Chairman and Chief Executive

The positions of the chairman (“Chairman”) and the chief executive (“Chief Executive”) of the Company are held
separately. The role of Chairman is held by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, and the role of Chief Executive is held by Mr. Wang
Jisheng. The Chairman provides leadership and governance for the Board so as to create the conditions for the
effective performance of the Board as a whole and effective contribution by individual Director and to ensure that
the Board performs its responsibilities and all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely
manner. The Chief Executive has the delegated power to manage the Company and to oversee the activities of the
Company on a day-to-day basis.

The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive is defined and established in writing.




52        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
corporate governance duties include:

—    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations to the Board;

—    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management;

—    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

—    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
     and Directors; and

—    to review the Company’s compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
     governance report under the Listing Rules.

The Compliance Committee is delegated to discharge the above corporate governance functions and has reported
back to the Board.

The Compliance Committee has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and this
corporate governance report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established four committees and has delegated various responsibilities to the committees including
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Compliance Committee. All
the Board committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference which are
available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Board committees are provided with
sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.

Audit Committee

The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee has been
updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on January 7, 2019. The primary
duties of the Audit Committee are, but not limited to, to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the
effectiveness of the financial reporting process, the internal control and risk management system of the Group, to
oversee the audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

The Audit Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Ho Man, Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Xin,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, the non-executive Director. Mr. Ho
Man is the chairman of the Audit Committee.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        53
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Audited Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed and discussed
the interim and annual financial statements, the interim and annual result announcements and reports, the
accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group
and recommended the re-appointment of auditor to the Board.

Remuneration Committee

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference
of the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on December 14, 2022. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review
and/or approve matters related to share planning as described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Remuneration Committee are, but not limited to, to evaluate and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the remuneration packages and compensation of the executive Directors and senior management. In
addition, the Remuneration Committee conducts reviews of the performance, and determines the remuneration
structure of the senior management of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Luo Zhuping and Ms. Liang Yanjun,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, the vice-chairman and executive Director.
Mr. Luo Zhuping is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting. During the Year, the
Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company and the remuneration
including the matters related to Restricted Share Incentive Scheme and performance of the duties of the executive
Directors, senior management officers and other employees of the Company.

Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The primary functions of the Nomination Committee are, but not limited to, to
formulate nomination policies for consideration of the Board, implement the nomination policies laid down by the
Board, and make recommendations to the Board to fill vacancies on the same.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, the chairman and
executive Director, Mr. Wang Jisheng, the executive Director, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Liang Yanjun,
the independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Nomination Committee held 1 meeting. It had reviewed the re-
appointment of directors, the structure, size and composition of the Board, the board diversity policy, and the
retirement and rotation plan of the Directors and assessed the independence of each independent non-executive
Director.




54          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Compliance Committee

The Company has established the Compliance Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference of
the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on August 21, 2020. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review and
monitor the environmental, social and corporate governance (“ESG”) functions and duties. The primary functions of
the Compliance Committee are, but not limited to, to review and monitor the legal and compliance aspects of the
Group to ensure that the Group is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and ESG policy. The
Compliance Committee has authority to seek external counsel’s advice.

The Compliance Committee currently comprises three members, namely Ms. Liang Yanjun, Mr. Luo Zhuping and
Mr. Ho Man, all being the independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Liang Yanjun is the chairman of the
Compliance Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Compliance Committee held 3 meetings. It had reviewed the
policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendation to the Board, reviewed the training and
continuous professional development of Directors, senior management and other employees in respect of
compliance and ESG matters, the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the
codes of conduct applicable to employees and Directors and the compliance with the corporate governance code
and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

NOMINATION POLICY AND BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to enhancing the Board effectiveness and corporate governance, the Board should include a balanced
composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there
is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.

As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board of Directors is composed of three executive Directors, three
non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors, with female Directors accounting for 20%.
In addition to the three founders who are responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of
Fu Shou Yuan Group, there are also three non-executive Directors with rich experience in the manufacturing
industry, investment and financial industry and financial field, and four independent non-executive Directors with
authoritative expertise in their respective industries. The independent non-executive Directors include both senior
financial experts and legal experts, as well as a former board secretary with several years management experience
in large listed company. The Company ensures the professionalism, independence and diversity of the background
of independent non-executive Directors in terms of gender, region, cultural background, professional knowledge,
experience and skills, so as to provide guidance for the overall enterprise development and governance.

The Company has adopted a nomination policy and a board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The
Nomination Committee evaluates the balance and blend of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives of the
Board. Selection of candidates is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services
and other qualities essential to the Company’s business, and merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board will review such measurable objectives from time
to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. The
Nomination Committee and the Board considered that, during the year ended December 31, 2023, the composition
of the Board was balanced and diversified.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023         55
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors,
the chairman of the Nomination Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due
diligence. Upon the review by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the committee will convene a Board
meeting where recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and
approved by the Board, the proposed directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

GENDER DIVERSITY IN THE WORKFORCE

The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) is 42.5% female employees versus 57.5% male
employee. As a death care service provider, the Group has a relevant higher percentage of female employee in the
industry. We fully respect the legitimate rights and interests of every employee, resolutely put an end to possible
discrimination within the Group, ensure that employees will not be treated differently due to gender, age, race,
nationality, education background, religious belief and other differences, and strive to create a diversified and
inclusive enterprise environment.

REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

Pursuant to paragraph E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of 10 Directors and 2 senior management by band
for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Number of
Remuneration bands                                                                                    individual
HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                           9
HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                   0
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                  1
HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                  —
HK$4,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                  —
HK$5,000,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                                   2

Save as disclosed above, details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the audited
consolidated financial statements.

EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the remunerations paid or payable to the external auditor of the
Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Group are set out as below:

                                                                                     Fees payable or paid
                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

Services rendered for the Group
Audit service                                                                           3,000               2,960
Interim results review                                                                  1,190               1,150


Total Fees                                                                              4,190               4,110


There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in the past three years.



56           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective internal control system to safeguard the Group’s assets and
shareholders’ interests, and regularly conducts review and on-going monitoring on the risk management and
internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the implementation of the internal control system. Such
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has maintained an internal audit function and has established its internal control system focused on risk
management, including company management policies and systems in written form, clearly defined organizational
structure and responsibilities authorization system, stable and reliable financial management data and reports, and
stringent risk management and appraisal system on the supervision over internal control.

The Group continuously improves and regulates its internal control management policies and systems by strictly
complying with national laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements under the Stock Exchange. Through
objective identification, analysis and evaluation of the enterprise’s risk events as well as in-depth analysis of the
main aspects of internal control, the Group has established its internal control management system covering major
businesses and risk matters regarding its operation and management with limited management resources to focus
on core issues. The Group has adopted three-level risk management and internal control authorization structural
system: the Board, senior management and Group headquarters management center as well as all branches and
subsidiaries. The Board is the supreme decision-making body for the Company’s risk management and internal
control; the senior management and Group headquarters management center achieve effective identification and
control of the risks related to all material matters; and all branches and subsidiaries implement direct risk
management and internal control function for their respective operations.

With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
Company:

—     is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and
      the Listing Rules

—     conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
      Securities and Futures Commission

—     has included in the code of conduct of the Company a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential
      or inside information

—     ensures, through the Company’s own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by
      senior management, the appropriate handling and dissemination of inside information

The Group has commenced risk assessment by conducting risk ranking, and in the previous year, the significant
risks were under control and their rankings have dropped. In addition, the Group has formulated risk management
plan to ensure the identification, assessment, management, control and reporting of all significant risks of the Group
are carried out according to a unified guideline, and are reported to the senior management, Audit Committee and
the Board when necessary. Such guideline stipulates the group risk management policies and procedures which are
carried out with the common risk management methods.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          57
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board has annually reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of the
implementation of its risk management and internal control systems, which covered all material financial,
operational and compliance control and risk management. The Company considered them effective and adequate.
The independent internal control consultant and the internal audit department reported directly to the audit
committee, compliance committee and/or the Board semi-annually. There were no significant risks identified by the
independent internal control consultant in the risk assessment.

In addition, the Board reviewed and considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
training programmes and relevant budget of the Company’s accounting, risk management, internal audit and
financial reporting functions.

The Board considers that the Group was able to maintain established and effective risk management and internal
control systems during the year ended December 31, 2023.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Zhu Qiming (“Mr. Zhu”) has been serving as the secretary to the Board and joint company secretary of the
Company since September 2023. Mr. Zhu is responsible for the investor relations, corporate finance and corporate
governance of the Group. For Mr. Zhu’s biography, please refer to the section headed “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this annual report.

Mr. Cheng Ching Kit (“Mr. Cheng”) (an assistant vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong)
Limited, an external professional company secretarial service provider) was appointed as another joint company
secretary, authorized representative and process agent in September 2023. Mr. Cheng will assist Mr. Zhu in
performing his functions as joint company secretary and in obtaining “relevant experience” as required under Rule
3.28 of the Listing Rules. For details of the waiver granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company from strict
compliance with the requirements of Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Zhu’s qualifications
to serve as the Company’s joint company secretary, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
September 8, 2023. Mr. Zhu is the main contact person at the Company of Mr. Cheng.

In compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Zhu Qiming and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit had
taken no less than 15 hours of the relevant professional training on review of Listing Rules and other compliance
requirements during the year ended December 31, 2023.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company encourages the Shareholders to attend the general meetings of the Company. Directors, chairman of
each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee (or a
delegated member of the Committee), chairman of the independent board committee (if any) and management will
attend the annual general meeting to answer queries about the Group’s business.




58         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) and for Putting
Forward Proposals at General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 64 of Articles of Association, an extraordinary general meeting of the Company shall be
convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, on the date of deposit of the
requisition, not less than 10% of the voting rights (on a one vote per Share basis) in the issued share capital of the
Company. Such Shareholder(s) shall be entitled to add resolutions to the agenda for the extraordinary general
meeting concerned. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the
Company at the headquarter of the Company in the PRC, which is situated at Room 1306, No. 88 Cao Xi Road
North, Shanghai, China 200030, for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of
any business specified in such requisition and signed by the requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar and upon its confirmation that the
request is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and
accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director is posted on the website of the
Company.

Investor Relations and Communications with Shareholders

The Company has formulated shareholders’ communication policy. Pursuant to the shareholders’ communication
policy, the Company holds general meetings which offer a valuable forum to Shareholders for dialogue and
interaction with management. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies
to attend and vote at general meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the general meetings.
Shareholders may also put forward their enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company. The Board
members, chairmen or members of respective Board committees, and external auditor of the Company and such
other person as the Board deems appropriate shall attend the general meetings of the Company to respond to
questions addressed to the Company.

The Company also takes various steps to solicit and understand views of the Shareholders, investors and
stakeholders. During the Year, the Board has reviewed and was satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness
of the shareholders’ communication policy. The Company will continue to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the
Shareholders and review the shareholders’ communication policy regularly to ensure its effectiveness.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          59
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Shareholders, investors and members of the public should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar. The contact details for the Hong Kong Share Registrar are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shop 1712–1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Email: hkinfo@computershare.com.hk
Website: www.computershare.com

To contact the Company in relation to your query on investor relations, or for Shareholders who intend to put
forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board, the contact details are as follows:

Address: Room 1306, No. 88 North Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
Telephone: (86) 21 54255151 (board secretary office)
Email: ir@fsygroup.com

Change of the Constitutional Documents

The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the company has been adopted by a special
resolution passed on May 25, 2023, pursuant to the amendments to Appendix A1 (formerly Appendix 3) of the
Listing Rules which took effect on 1 January 2022. For details, please refer to the Company’s notice of annual
general meeting dated April 25, 2023 and the poll results announcement dated May 25, 2023.

Save for the above, there was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended
December 31, 2023.




60        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 66 to 174, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit
or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023          61
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions


We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill         Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
arising from certain acquisitions of businesses as a key    of goodwill arising from acquisitions included:
audit matter due to significance of the Group’s
goodwill in the context of the consolidated financial       •     Obtaining an understanding of the management

statements, combined with the significant judgement               controls over the impairment assessment of

and estimates exercised by the management. The                    goodwill;

selected impairment assessment of goodwill are with
                                                            •     Examining the determination of recoverable
relatively high amounts of balances of goodwill, and
                                                                  amounts which are the value in use of CGUs to
also with low headroom between the carry amounts
                                                                  which goodwill has been allocated and obtaining an
and the recoverable amounts which are the value in
                                                                  understanding of financial positions and future
use of cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which
                                                                  prospects of respective CGUs;
goodwill has been allocated.
                                                            •     Obtaining the cash flow forecasts prepared by the
As disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial             management, reviewing and discussing with the
statements, as at December 31, 2023, the carrying                 management on the major assumptions adopted in
amount of goodwill amounted to approximately                      the cash flow forecasts for each CGUs and
RMB1,129 million.                                                 checking arithmetic accuracy of the forecast
                                                                  calculation;
As set out in Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements, the impairment assessment of goodwill is        •     Comparing cash flow projections to supporting
dependent on certain significant inputs and                       evidence, such as approved budgets, and
estimations that involve the management’s judgement,              evaluating the reasonableness of these budgets
including the calculation of value in use of CGUs to              with reference to the past performance and future
which goodwill has been allocated. In estimate the                prospects of respective CGUs as well as our
value in use of the CGUs, key assumptions include                 knowledge of the business;
projections of cash flows, growth rates and discount
rates based on the management’s view of future              •     Comparing the growth rates used to historical
business. Details of such estimations are disclosed in            growth rates for business of respective CGUs;
Note 17.
                                                            •     Assessing the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
                                                                  management on the significant assumptions to
                                                                  evaluate the extent of impact of these assumptions
                                                                  on the cash flow forecasts; and

                                                            •     Engaging our internal valuation expert to the
                                                                  extent necessary in assessing the discount rates
                                                                  used in the impairment assessment model by
                                                                  benchmarking against independent data.




62         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023          63
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the Directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
      cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.




64         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Tung Wai Lung Ricky.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

March 22, 2024




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023         65
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                NOTES       RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                                           5         2,628,029    2,171,626
Operating expenditures
  Staff costs                                                                (506,360)    (463,624)
  Construction costs                                                         (123,086)    (123,266)
  Consumed materials and goods                                               (188,935)    (162,065)
  Outsourced service costs                                                    (62,160)     (55,417)
  Marketing and sales channel costs                                           (48,899)     (43,155)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                              (166,609)    (155,953)
  Other general operating expenditures                                       (171,530)    (153,616)
  Inventory changes                                                           11,708        17,035
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model (“ECL”),
     net of reversal                                                              41        (1,238)


Profit from operations                                                      1,372,199    1,030,327
Other income, gains and losses                                    6           85,183        74,293
Share of loss of a joint venture                                              (18,436)      (7,407)
Finance costs                                                     7            (7,392)      (5,008)


Profit before taxation                                            8         1,431,554    1,092,205
Income tax expense                                               10          (455,638)    (281,476)


Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                           975,916       810,729



Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                        791,240       658,596
Non-controlling interests                                                    184,676       152,133


                                                                             975,916       810,729



                                                                           RMB cents     RMB cents
Earnings per share — Basic                                       12              34.8         29.0


                       — Diluted                                 12              34.8         29.0




66         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                            AT DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                                    31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                   NOTES             RMB’000           RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                               13                556,232             571,861
Right-of-use assets                                                  14                103,568             116,711
Investment property                                                  15                  6,509               6,509
Intangible assets                                                    16                309,774             273,614
Goodwill                                                             17              1,129,049        1,091,243
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)      24                     —               38,110
Deposits paid for acquisition leasehold land as cemetery assets                         21,963              29,117
Cemetery assets                                                      18              2,074,652        1,930,650
Investment in an associate                                                               3,000                750
Investment in a joint venture                                        20                 42,184             132,960
Time deposits                                                        25                200,000                  —
Restricted deposits                                                  19                 89,424              81,394
Deferred tax assets                                                  21                 92,871              81,290
Other long-term assets                                                                   5,000               5,000


                                                                                     4,634,226        4,359,209


Current assets
Inventories                                                          22                557,991             558,958
Trade and other receivables                                          23                222,383             423,116
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)      24                776,501             487,883
Time deposits                                                        25                167,746              33,467
Bank balances and cash                                               26              2,295,467        1,942,233
Contract assets                                                                         13,473              11,025


                                                                                     4,033,561        3,456,682


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                             27                658,344             699,530
Borrowings                                                           29                200,000                  —
Lease liabilities                                                    31                 23,156              25,239
Contract liabilities                                                 28                105,808              96,456
Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries              30                 29,438              32,958
Dividends payable                                                                       36,000                  —
Income tax liabilities                                                                 205,440             179,938


                                                                                     1,258,186        1,034,121


Net current assets                                                                   2,775,375        2,422,561


Total assets less current liabilities                                                7,409,601        6,781,770


                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        67
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                              31/12/2023         31/12/2022
                                                                NOTES           RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                 31              29,215             39,464
Contract liabilities                                              28             494,434            456,237
Deferred tax liabilities                                          21             216,137            134,215
Other long-term liabilities                                       32              95,951             37,850


                                                                                 835,737            667,766


Net assets                                                                     6,573,864          6,114,004



Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                     33             142,148            142,148
Reserves                                                          34           5,777,907          5,333,610


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   5,920,055          5,475,758
Non-controlling interests                                                        653,809            638,246


Total equity                                                                   6,573,864          6,114,004


The consolidated financial statements on page 66 to 174 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 22, 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                           Bai Xiaojiang                                    Wang Jisheng
                            DIRECTOR                                         DIRECTOR




68         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                          CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                                                                                      Subtotal
                                                                                                                                   attributable
                                                                                            Statutory                               to owners          Non-
                                              Share     Treasury       Share      Special    surplus        Other     Retained           of the   controlling
                                             capital     shares     premium       reserve    reserve       reserve      profits      Company        interests        Total
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

At January 1, 2022                          142,179     (259,669)   1,258,234     84,667     193,102      (105,993)   3,730,920      5,043,440       628,880     5,672,320
Profit and total comprehensive income
    for the year                                 —            —            —           —          —             —      658,596         658,596       152,133      810,729
Acquisition of subsidiaries                      —            —            —           —          —             —           —               —          (3,220)      (3,220)
Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                    —            —      (230,159)         —          —             —            —        (230,159)            —      (230,159)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                 —            —            —           —          —             —            —              —       (100,587)     (100,587)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve            —            —            —           —      12,859            —       (12,859)            —             —             —
Acquisition of non-controlling interests
    of a subsidiary                              —            —            —           —          —           960            —             960       (38,960)      (38,000)
Shares purchased by trustee and dividend
    receipt under the restricted share
    incentive scheme (Note 35)                   —         4,840           —           —          —             —            —           4,840             —         4,840
Repurchase and cancellation of shares            (31)         —        (1,888)         —          —             —            —          (1,919)            —        (1,919)


At December 31, 2022                        142,148     (254,829)   1,026,187     84,667     205,961      (105,033)   4,376,657      5,475,758       638,246     6,114,004



Profit and total comprehensive income
    for the year                                 —            —            —           —          —             —      791,240         791,240       184,676      975,916
Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                    —            —      (355,033)         —          —             —            —        (355,033)            —      (355,033)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                 —            —            —           —          —             —            —              —       (168,943)     (168,943)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve            —            —            —           —      19,293            —       (19,293)            —             —             —
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    interests                                    —            —            —           —          —             —            —              —            452          452
Partial disposal of equity interests in
    a subsidiary (Note)                          —            —            —           —          —           622            —             622          (622)           —
Shares purchased by trustee and dividend
    receipt under the restricted share
    incentive scheme (Note 35)                   —         7,468           —           —          —             —            —           7,468             —         7,468


At December 31, 2023                        142,148     (247,361)    671,154      84,667     225,254      (104,411)   5,148,604      5,920,055       653,809     6,573,864



Note: In September 2023, the Group disposed 10% equity interests in Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Dalian Industrial”)
      without losing control of the subsidiary.




                                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                         Annual Report 2023                           69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                                   2023         2022
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                         1,431,554    1,092,205
Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                                      7,392       5,008
Interest income                                                                  (17,341)     (13,723)
Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                          (39,667)     (30,574)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                           56,872       52,305
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              19,944       24,122
Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                  71,063       64,227
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                18,730       15,299
Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                       20            47
Net gain on disposal of cemetery assets                                           (8,668)          —
Investment loss (income) from acquisition of a subsidiary                           393        (9,242)
Share of loss of a joint venture                                                 18,436        7,407
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                  (41)      1,238


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                       1,558,687    1,208,319
Increase in restricted deposits                                                   (8,030)     (12,015)
Increase in cemetery assets and inventories                                     (127,038)      (5,216)
Decrease (Increase) in deposits paid for acquisition leasehold land as
  cemetery assets                                                                  7,154       (1,663)
Decrease (Increase) in trade and other receivables                                 2,152      (29,145)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                             (17,351)     (39,875)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                 47,099       46,163


Cash generated from operations                                                 1,462,673    1,166,568
Income taxes paid                                                               (359,795)    (313,635)


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                             1,102,878     852,933




70         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of and deposits paid for property and equipment and landscape
  facilities                                                                          (30,952)           (69,532)
Prepayments and purchase of computer software                                         (11,624)           (10,802)
Payment for concession agreement                                                       (2,054)            (4,734)
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                          2,132              3,856
Proceeds on disposal of cemetery assets                                               12,774                  —
Considerations paid for acquisition of subsidiaries                                   (74,419)           (82,142)
Interest received                                                                     14,475              13,873
Received gain from fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                    40,268              31,409
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                           33,467             285,677
Placement of time deposits                                                           (367,746)           (33,467)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                                (654,000)       (372,645)
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                                              372,030             549,900
Receipt from liquidation of a partnership                                            190,000             110,000
Investment in an associate                                                             (3,000)                —
Withdrawal of investment in a joint venture                                           72,340              49,882
Receipt of loans to third parties in connection with a cemetery project               48,000                  —
Loans to third parties in connection with a cemetery project                              —              (58,040)
Payment on behalf of a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary                     (3,817)                —


NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                         (362,126)           413,235


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans raised                                                                200,000                  —
Repayment of loan from a joint venture                                                (80,000)                —
Loans raised from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                           878                  —
Repayments from loans to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                  (4,410)            (4,410)
Investment from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                             452                  —
Interest paid                                                                            (849)            (1,065)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                                   —             (40,134)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                       (132,943)       (100,587)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                              (355,033)       (230,159)
Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                           —              (1,919)
Proceeds for shares purchased by trustee and dividend receipt under the
  restricted share incentive scheme                                                     7,468              4,840
Repayments of leases liabilities                                                      (21,492)           (25,577)
Repayments of other long-term liabilities                                              (1,589)              (530)




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023         71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


                                                                            2023         2022
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                    (387,518)    (399,541)


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                353,234      866,627
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                  1,942,233    1,075,606


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
 REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                                  2,295,467    1,942,233




72      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated on January 5, 2012 as
     an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law of Cayman
     Islands and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     December 19, 2013. The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in the annual report. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) are mainly engaged in the sale of burial plots, provision of funeral services and provision of cemetery
     maintenance services as set out in Note 43.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”)

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board, for the first time, which are mandatory effective for the annual period beginning
     on or after January 1, 2023 for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements:

     IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and               Insurance Contracts
       December 2021 Amendments to IFRS 17)
     Amendments to IAS 8                                Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to IAS 12                               Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                          a Single Transaction
     Amendments to IAS 12                               International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice              Disclosure of Accounting Policies
       Statement 2

     Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no
     material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on
     the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

     2.1   Impacts and changes in accounting policies on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred
           Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow
           the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs
           15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition,
           give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     2.1    Impacts and changes in accounting policies on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred
            Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction — continued

            In accordance with the transition provision:

            (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that
                   occurred on or after January 1, 2022;

            (ii)   the Group also, as at January 1, 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
                   probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference
                   can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference
                   associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

            The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
            performance, except that the Group recognised the related deferred tax assets of RMB13,092,000 and
            deferred tax liabilities of RMB11,796,000 on a gross basis but it has no impact on the retained earnings
            at the earliest period presented.

     2.2    Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax Reform-Pillar
            Two model Rules

            The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 12 is amended to add
            the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that are
            related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published
            by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The
            amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance and
            retrospectively. The amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax
            expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in
            effect, and the qualitative and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in
            periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect in
            annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.

            The Group is yet to apply the temporary exception during the current year because the Group’s entities
            are operating in jurisdictions which the Pillar Two legislation has not yet been enacted or substantially
            enacted. The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information that helps users of
            financial statements to understand the Group’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the Group’s
            annual consolidated financial statements when the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially
            enacted and will disclose separately current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes
            when it is in effect.




74         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     2.3   Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
           Accounting Policies

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation of
           Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies”
           with” material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
           considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
           be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make
           on the basis of those financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
           of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not
           all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
           material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information
           must not obscure material accounting policy information.

           IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
           to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
           and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
           Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance but has affected the disclosures of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 3 to the
           consolidated financial statements.

     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                               Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS 16                                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
     Amendments to IAS 1                                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                          Supplier Finance Arrangements2
     Amendments to IAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability3

     1     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024.
     3     Effective for annual periods beginning on or January 1, 2025.


     Except for the amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the application of all
     other amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
     foreseeable future.


                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023           75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective — continued

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
     Associate or Joint Venture

     The amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and
     Joint Ventures deal with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its
     associate or joint venture. Specifically, the amendments state that gains or losses resulting from the loss of
     control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business in a transaction with an associate or a joint venture
     that is accounted for using the equity method, are recognised in the parent’s profit or loss only to the extent of
     the unrelated investors’ interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, gains and losses resulting from
     the remeasurement of investments retained in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or a joint
     venture that is accounted for using the equity method) to fair value are recognised in the former parent’s profit
     or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new associate or joint venture.

     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
     performance of the Group.

     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
     to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to IAS 1
     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)

     The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer
     settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or
     non-current, which:

     •     clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by
           the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current
           or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying IAS
           32 Financial Instruments: Presentation .

     •     specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
           existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the classification
           should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

     For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the
     compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by
     the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to
     comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a
     liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only
     after the reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.




76       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective — continued

     Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
     to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to IAS 1
     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”) — continued

     In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users
     of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months
     after the reporting period, if an entity classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when
     the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants within
     twelve months after the reporting period.

     The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting
     periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments,
     are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with early application
     permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 Amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022
     Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

     Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at December 31, 2023, the application of the 2020 and 2022
     Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by IASB.
           For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
           material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
           addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
           Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies
           Ordinance.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023           77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Group:

            •     has power over the investee;

            •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
            investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities
            of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
            whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

            •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
                  other vote holders;

            •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

            •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

            •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
                  current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including
                  voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
            when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
            acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
            other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
            ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
            controlling interests having a deficit balance.




78         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Basis of consolidation — continued

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
           represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
           relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
           process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are
           considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
           organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
           processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
           considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability
           to continue producing outputs.

           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
           transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the
           acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the
           former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
           the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

           The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
           liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by IASB in March 2018 (the
           “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, in
           which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the
           liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognized.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023           79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Business combinations — continued

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at
            their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

            •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements
                  are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                  Benefits respectively;

            •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                  share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                  arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                  the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

            •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                  current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                  standard; and

            •     lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                  (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                  for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                  underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
                  amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                  lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
            controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
            as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
            liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if
            any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain from acquisition.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
            share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
            controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
            assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.




80         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
           any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
           units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
           combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
           tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group
           of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end
           of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying
           amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to
           the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of
           each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

           Investments in associates and joint ventures

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
           joint control over those policies.

           A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
           rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
           control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
           unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023          81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
            consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
            associates and joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
            accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
            Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognized in the
            consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s
            share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. Changes in
            net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
            not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
            When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that
            associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
            Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share
            of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
            constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

            An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
            on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an
            associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net
            fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognized as goodwill, which is
            included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
            value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is
            recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
            venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
            investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
            comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its
            carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that
            forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized
            in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
            increases.

            When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
            resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group’s
            consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are
            not related to the Group.




82         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

           Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures

           The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
           investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate.
           There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

           When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group
           continues to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
           loss that had previously been recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in
           ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related
           assets or liabilities.

           Acquisition of additional interests in associates or joint ventures

           When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group
           continues to use the equity method, goodwill is recognized at acquisition date if there is excess of the
           consideration paid over the share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional
           interests in associates or joint ventures acquired. Any excess of share of carrying amount of net assets
           attributable to the additional interests in associates or joint ventures acquired over the consideration
           paid are recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in
           Note 5.

           Leases

           Definition of a lease

           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
           asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

           For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS16 or arising from
           business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the
           definition under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
           contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
           changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis
           when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not
           differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023           83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Leases — continued

            The Group as a lessee

            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
            components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
            basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
            the non-lease components.

            Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other
            applicable standards.

            Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
            months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
            recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of
            low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the
            lease term.

            Right-of-use assets

            The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

            •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

            •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                  received;

            •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

            •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                  assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                  required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                  inventories.

            Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model,
            right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
            and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities
            resulting from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.




84         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Right-of-use assets — continued

           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
           leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the
           useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its
           estimated useful life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets that directly related to cemetery in cemetery assets and transfer
           to inventory upon commencement of development.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property and
           cemetery assets or inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
           in the cost of right-of-use assets.

           Lease liabilities

           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
           present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
           payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
           interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

           The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
           incentives receivable.

           •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

           •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
                 as at the commencement date.

           Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
           market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
           index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
           recognized as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023         85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Leases — continued

            The Group as a lessee — continued

            Lease liabilities — continued

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
            use assets) whenever:

            •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                  option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                  payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
                  which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                  using the initial discount rate.

            The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
            position.

            Lease modifications

            Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the
            Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

            •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                  assets; and

            •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                  for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                  circumstances of the particular contract.

            For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
            liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
            revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

            The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
            the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
            more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
            contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component
            and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.




86         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Covid-19-related rent concessions

           In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the
           Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease
           modification if all of the following conditions are met:

           •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
                 same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

           •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before June 30, 2022;
                 and

           •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

           A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
           concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not a
           lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease
           payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a
           corresponding adjustment recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
           than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges
           prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
           denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
           items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
           items, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

           Borrowing costs

           All the borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023        87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Government grants

            Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
            with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants that are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
            the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
            Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
            or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognized as a deduction from the carrying amount of the
            relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a
            systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

            Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
            already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
            related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants
            are presented under “other income, gains and losses”.

            Employee benefits

            Retirement benefit costs

            Payments to the state-managed retirement benefit scheme and Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in
            Hong Kong which was established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in
            December 2000 (the “MPF Scheme”) which are defined contribution schemes, are charged as an
            expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.

            Short-term employee benefits

            Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
            be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized
            as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an
            asset.

            A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
            and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




88         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to the Directors and employees are measured at the fair value of
           the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair values of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant-date without taking
           into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
           period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
           corresponding increase in equity (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
           revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all
           relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
           recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
           corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

           When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
           exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to retained profits.

           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium.

           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
           before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
           that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
           have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023           89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Taxation — continued

            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
            liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
            computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary
            differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the
            extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
            differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary
            difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
            liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
            of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition,
            deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
            goodwill.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
            temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
            future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
            investments are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
            profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
            to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
            part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
            in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
            enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
            carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
            value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
            sales, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
            depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sales.




90         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Taxation — continued

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
           assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred
           tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current
           tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is
           included in the accounting for the business combination.

           Property and equipment

           Property and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
           services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below) are
           stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
           depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
           cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
           asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
           the management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
           qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.
           Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets
           are ready for their intended use.

           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold
           land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
           building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
           allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
           “right-of-use assets” and “cemetery assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When
           the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided
           interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
           equipment.

           Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
           useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
           with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
           are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
           retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023           91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Investment property

            Investment property is property held to earn rentals and capital appreciation.

            Investment property is initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment property is measured at its fair value, adjusted to exclude
            any prepaid or accrued operating lease income.

            Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment property is included in profit or loss
            for the period in which it arise.

            Intangible assets

            Intangible assets acquired separately

            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
            with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
            estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
            effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with
            indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.

            When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for
            providing construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognizes an intangible asset at
            fair value upon initial recognition. The intangible asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
            and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognized on a straight-line basis over their
            estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
            each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
            basis.

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are
            initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

            Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
            lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
            the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
            business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.




92         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
           goodwill

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is
           any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
           recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if
           any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are
           tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

           The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
           estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
           Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
           or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
           in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
           amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
           amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
           and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of
           cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate
           assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
           cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce
           the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
           based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
           carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
           measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would
           otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the
           group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
            goodwill — continued

            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-
            generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
            recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
            that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a cash-
            generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
            recognized immediately in profit or loss.

            Cemetery assets

            Cemetery assets consist of leasehold land, cost of initial land development, and cost of landscaping for
            the general public areas of the cemetery, except for the leasehold land element which is measured at
            cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets are
            carried at the lower of costs less accumulated amortisation and net realizable value prior to the
            commencement of development of the cemetery. Amortisation for cemetery assets is provided on a
            straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the cemetery assets and is recognized in profit or
            loss.

            Upon commencement of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course
            of business of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to
            inventories.

            Cash and cash equivalents

            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

            (a)     cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                    subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                    cash; and

            (b)     cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                    or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                    which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                    purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

            Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included
            as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash.
            Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in Note 19.




94         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Inventories

           Inventories include cemetery assets developed and ready for sale, cemetery assets under development,
           and tombstones and urns. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured at cost model in
           accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets under development,
           and tombstones and urns are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated
           using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for
           inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
           necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
           non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

           Provisions

           Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
           a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
           estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
           present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
           surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
           present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
           time value of money is material).

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
           recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
           sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or
           convention in the market place.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
           arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
           Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
           liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the
           fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
           costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
           recognized immediately in profit or loss.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023            95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
            financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
            transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
            financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.

            Financial assets

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                  flows; and

            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.

            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                  manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            (i)   Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                  rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                  subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                  become credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to
                  the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the
                  credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                  credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                  carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
                  determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.



96         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets — continued

           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                  fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or
                  loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
                  income, gains and losses” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, time deposits, bank balances and cash and restricted
           deposits) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at
           each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
           the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
           that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
           Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
           are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
           conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing
           component.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
           has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognizes lifetime ECL.
           The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the
           likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023         97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            Financial assets — continued

            Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

            (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                  the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                  making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                  reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                  is available without undue cost or effort.

                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                  has increased significantly:

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                        available) or internal credit rating;

                  •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                        in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                  •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                        expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                  •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations.

                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                  increased since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due,
                  unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                  Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
                  increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
                  credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has
                  a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                  obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
                  longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
                  cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has
                  an internal or external credit rating of investment grade as per globally understood definitions.



98         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk — continued

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                   been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria
                   are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                   held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                   more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental
                   impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                   financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                         financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                         not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                         reorganization.




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

      3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial assets — continued

             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

             (iv)   Write-off policy

                    The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                    in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                    counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                    Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                    recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                    derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.

             (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                    magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                    information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                    determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
                    practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                    consideration historical credit loss experience and forward-looking information that is available
                    without undue cost or effort.

                    Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                    in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                    at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                    Lifetime ECL for certain trade and other receivables are considered on a collective basis taking
                    into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                    macroeconomic information.

                    For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                    formulating the grouping:

                    •     Nature of financial instruments;

                    •     Past-due status; and

                    •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.




100         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

           (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL — continued

                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management to ensure the constituents of each group
                   continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                   financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised
                   cost of the financial asset.

                   The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                   adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables where the
                   corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
           asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
           risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its
           retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
           retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or
           loss.

           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

      3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial liabilities and equity — continued

             Equity instruments

             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
             deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
             received, net of direct issue costs.

             Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No
             gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
             own equity instruments.

             Financial liabilities at amortised cost

             Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings, loans from non-controlling
             shareholders of subsidiaries, dividends payable, and other long-term liabilities are subsequently
             measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

             Derecognition of financial liabilities

             The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
             discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
             liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.




102         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the Directors are required
     to make judgement, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year are as follows:

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
     cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the
     higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to
     estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit, growth rate and a suitable
     discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
     expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or
     upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment may arise. As at December 31, 2023, the carrying
     amounts of goodwill are approximately RMB1,129,049,000 (2022: RMB1,091,243,000). Details of recoverable
     amount calculation are disclosed in Note 17.

     Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible
     assets and cemetery assets

     The management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation or amortisation method in
     determining the related depreciation or amortisation charges for its property and equipment, right-of-use
     assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets. This estimate is based on the management’s experience of the
     actual useful lives of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets of
     similar nature and functions. In addition, management assesses impairment whenever events or changes in
     circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an item of property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
     intangible assets and cemetery assets may not be recoverable. Management will increase the depreciation or
     amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write off or write
     down obsolete assets that have been abandoned or impaired. When the actual useful lives or recoverable
     amounts of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets differ from the
     original estimates, adjustment will be made and recognized in the period in which such event takes place.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023          103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

      Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible
      assets and cemetery assets — continued

      As at December 31, 2023, the carrying amounts of property and equipment are approximately
      RMB556,232,000 (2022: RMB571,861,000). No impairment indicators on property and equipment were
      identified during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Details of movement are disclosed in Note
      13. As at December 31, 2023, the carrying amounts of intangible assets are approximately RMB309,774,000
      (2022: RMB273,614,000). No impairment indicators on intangible assets were identified during the years
      ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 16. As at December 31,
      2023, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets are approximately RMB103,568,000 (2022:
      RMB116,711,000). No impairment indicators on right-of-use assets were identified during the year ended
      December 31, 2023 and 2022. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 14. As at December 31, 2023, the
      carrying amounts of cemetery assets are approximately RMB2,074,652,000 (2022: RMB1,930,650,000). No
      impairment indicators on cemetery assets were identified during the year ended December 31, 2023 and
      2022. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 18.

      Estimated cemetery maintenance income

      The Group estimates cemetery maintenance income to be separated performance obligation from the sale of
      burial plots each period. The consideration of cemetery maintenance income is determined by the expected
      cost plus a margin approach. The expected cost is based on cost of maintaining the cemetery over the
      service period, which includes labour cost, general and administrative expenses, and cost of maintenance of
      landscaping. The Group also considered factors such as increase in labour cost in future periods when
      estimating cemetery maintenance expense. Cemetery maintenance expense is marked up at a reasonable
      profit and is allocated to individual transaction to arrive at the amount of cemetery maintenance service price.
      The transaction price allocated to these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial
      sales transaction and is released based on expected cost over the period of service. Contract liability is
      reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If it is considered that cemetery maintenance income to be
      released is insufficient to cover the expected cost of maintenance, the Group will adjust the consideration of
      cemetery maintenance income in contract liabilities to fully cover the expected cost of maintenance. As at
      December 31, 2023, the carrying amounts of contract liabilities for cemetery maintenance services are
      approximately RMB551,800,000 (2022: RMB509,523,000), as disclosed in Note 28.




104       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2023

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Geographical markets
                 Mainland China                                                        2,628,029            2,154,712
                 Overseas                                                                     —                16,914


                                                                                       2,628,029            2,171,626



                 Timing of revenue recognition
                 A point in time                                                       2,541,623            2,107,968
                 Over time                                                                86,406               63,658


                 Total                                                                 2,628,029            2,171,626


          (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                 Sales of burial plots with maintenance services

                 The Group sells burial plots and provide cemetery maintenance services.

                 Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the control of burial plots is transferred
                 to the customer, being when the right to use of burial plots has been passed. Payment of the
                 transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the burial plots.

                 The cemetery maintenance service is considered to be a distinct service. Transaction price is
                 allocated between sales of burial plots and the maintenance services. The contract price for the
                 cemetery maintenance services is based on a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair
                 value of such services. The Group estimates the fair value of the cemetery maintenance service
                 income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing such cemetery maintenance
                 services plus a reasonable margin, less total future maintenance fees to be received. Revenue
                 relating to the maintenance services is recognized over time. The transaction price allocated to
                 these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial sales transaction and is
                 released based on expected cost over the period of service.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023         105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

      A.    For the year ended December 31, 2023 — continued

            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers — continued

                    Sales of funeral services

                    The Group offers services of planning funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting
                    of the funeral. Revenue from funeral services is recognized when services are provided. Except for
                    sales of pre-need contracts and services offered to local funeral administration authority, payment
                    of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the funeral services are provided. For
                    services offered to local funeral administration authority, the credit term is 0 –90 days upon service
                    provided.

                    Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death
                    occurring. The payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, which gives rise to contract
                    liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is
                    offered.

            (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with
                    customers

                    The transaction price of cemetery maintenance services allocated to the remaining performance
                    obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2023 and the expected timing
                    of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                   Cemetery Maintenance Services
                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Within one year                                                         57,366               53,286
                    More than one year                                                     494,434              456,237


                    Total                                                                  551,800              509,523


                    Regarding the nature of the pre-need contracts amounted to RMB48,442,000 (2022:
                    RMB43,170,000), the expected timing of revenue recognition is based on the request of the
                    customers.




106        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments

          Information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, being the Group’s chief operating decision
          maker (“CODM”), for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing
          performance, focuses on the products and services delivered or provided.

          The Group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows:

          •       Burial services — sale of burial plots and provision of cemetery maintenance services.

          •       Funeral services — planning of funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting of the
                  funeral.

          •       Others services — including provision of landscape and garden design services, construction
                  services, and production and sale of cremation machines and the related maintenance services.

          Segment revenues and results

          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
          segments:

                                                          Burial    Funeral      Other    Segment
                                                        services   services    services       Total   Eliminated        Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

          For the year ended December 31, 2023:
          External sales                               2,165,253    397,886     64,890    2,628,029           —     2,628,029
          Inter-segment sales                                —           —      13,652      13,652       (13,652)          —


          Total                                        2,165,253    397,886     78,542    2,641,681      (13,652)   2,628,029


          Segment profit                               1,304,277     64,413      1,847    1,370,537        1,662    1,372,199


          Other income, gains and losses                                                                              85,183
          Finance costs                                                                                                (7,392)
          Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                            (18,436)


          Profit before taxation                                                                                    1,431,554




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023            107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

      B.    Operating Segments — continued

            Segment revenues and results — continued

                                                       Burial    Funeral     Other    Segment
                                                     services   services   services       Total   Eliminated        Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

            For the year ended December 31, 2022:
            External sales                          1,748,898   359,427     63,301    2,171,626           —     2,171,626
            Inter-segment sales                           —          —      24,328      24,328      (24,328)           —


            Total                                   1,748,898   359,427     87,629    2,195,954     (24,328)    2,171,626


            Segment profit (loss)                    986,017     48,357         93    1,034,467       (4,140)   1,030,327


            Other income, gains and losses                                                                        74,293
            Finance costs                                                                                          (5,008)
            Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                       (7,407)


            Profit before taxation                                                                              1,092,205


            Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

            The accounting policies of the operating segments are same as those of the Group’s accounting
            policies. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other
            income, gains and losses, share of loss of a joint venture and finance costs. The CODM makes
            decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset and segment
            liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of
            resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment
            results are presented.




108        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments — continued

          Geographical information

          The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue from burial services and funeral
          services by region:

                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

          Shanghai                                                            1,262,184             964,745
          Liaoning                                                             188,694              152,228
          Anhui                                                                166,869              193,146
          Henan                                                                164,076               92,179
          Shandong                                                             120,097              127,442
          Jiangsu                                                              117,547              101,940
          Jiangxi                                                              106,804              104,226
          Heilongjiang                                                          97,269               83,056
          Chongqing                                                             85,853               94,043
          Fujian                                                                64,670               53,302
          Guizhou                                                               59,754               53,041
          Zhejiang                                                              56,900               44,634
          Gansu                                                                 28,279               13,447
          Guangxi                                                               20,887               13,279
          Inner Mongolia                                                        19,915               16,291
          Shaanxi                                                                 1,696                  —
          Hubei                                                                   1,645               1,326


          Total                                                               2,563,139         2,108,325


          Information about major customers

          No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended
          December 31, 2023 and 2022.




                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023       109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


6.    OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

      Other income:
      Interest income                                                                            17,341                 13,723
      Government grants (Note i)                                                                 29,830                 26,597
      Management service income                                                                    3,643                 3,661


                                                                                                 50,814                 43,981


      Net gains and losses:
      Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                 (20)                   (47)
      Net gains on disposal of cemetery assets                                                     8,668                     —
      Donation                                                                                      (766)                 (923)
      Net foreign exchange gain                                                                    1,633                 1,841
      Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                                    39,667                 30,574
      Investment (loss) income                                                                      (393)                9,242
      Loss on claims in litigation (Note ii)                                                          —                (18,767)
      Others                                                                                     (14,420)                8,392


                                                                                                 34,369                 30,312


      Other income, gains and losses                                                             85,183                 74,293


      Note i:    The government grants represented the amount received from the local government by certain operating
                 subsidiaries of the Group to encourage the economic contributions to the society without any specific conditions.

      Note ii:   Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd. (“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”), one of the Group’s subsidiaries,
                 has settled the outstanding lawsuits as a defendant in 2022.


7.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

      Interest on:
      — Borrowings                                                                                 2,078                     —
      — Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries (Note 30)                            861                 1,077
      — Lease liabilities                                                                          2,359                 2,502
      — Other long-term liabilities                                                                2,094                 1,429


      Total finance costs                                                                          7,392                 5,008




110        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


8.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

     Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration:
     Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits                                       472,366             425,967
     Contributions to retirement benefits schemes (Note 40)                           33,994              37,657


     Total staff costs                                                               506,360             463,624


     Depreciation of property and equipment                                           56,872              52,305
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                18,730              15,299
     Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                  71,063              64,227
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              19,944              24,122
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                            4,190               4,110


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

     Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the Directors are as follows:

                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Directors’ fees                                                                   8,640               8,860
     Other emoluments
       Discretionary bonus                                                             2,000               2,000
       Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                      188                  76


                                                                                      10,828              10,936




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023       111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The emoluments of the Directors on a named basis are as follows:

      For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                         Chief
                                                     Executive
                                                        Wang                      Tan Leon
                                                      Jisheng    Bai Xiaojiang         Li-an           Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

      A) Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                    3,600           3,600            —            7,200
      Discretionary bonus                                1,000           1,000            —            2,000
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                             74             114             —              188


      Sub-total                                          4,674           4,714            —            9,388


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                              Huang James
                                               Chih-Cheng         Lu Hesheng      Zhou Lijie           Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                     240             240           240              720
      Discretionary bonus                                  —               —             —                —
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                              —                 —           —               —


      Sub-total                                           240             240           240              720




112       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     For the year ended December 31, 2023 — continued

     The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
     its subsidiaries.

                                   Luo Zhuping         Ho Man      Liang Yanjun         Chen Xin           Total
                                      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

     C) Independent
          Non-Executive
          Directors
     Directors’ fees                        240             240              240               —            720
     Discretionary bonus                     —               —                —                —             —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                       —                —                   —            —              —


     Sub-total                              240             240              240               —            720


     The independent non-executive directors’emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
     Company.

     Tan Leon Li-an and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director
     or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

     For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                            Chief Executive                            Tan Leon
                                              Wang Jisheng        Bai Xiaojiang            Li-an           Total
                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

     A) Executive Directors
     Directors’ fees                                  3,600              3,600              220            7,420
     Discretionary bonus                              1,000              1,000               —             2,000
     Contributions to retirement benefits
       scheme                                            38                 38                —              76


     Sub-total                                        4,638              4,638              220            9,496




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023     113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      For the year ended December 31, 2022 — continued

      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                                 Huang James
                                                   Chih-Cheng         Lu Hesheng         Zhou Lijie          Total
                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                       240             240                240            720
      Discretionary bonus                                    —               —                  —              —
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                               —                  —               —              —


      Sub-total                                             240             240                240            720


      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
      its subsidiaries.

                                                Chen          Luo                     Liang
                                               Qunlin     Zhuping      Ho Man        Yanjun   Chen Xin       Total
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000
                                               (Note)

      C) Independent
           Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                             —           240         240           240           —       720
      Discretionary bonus                         —            —           —             —            —        —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                           —               —         —            —            —        —


      Sub-total                                   —           240         240           240           —       720


      Note: Chen Qunlin resigned on December 9, 2022.


      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
      Company.

      Chen Qunlin and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or
      the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.




114        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The five highest paid individuals of the Group included two directors (2022: two) for the year ended December
      31, 2023. The remuneration of the remaining three (2022: three) individuals who are neither a director nor chief
      executive of the Company during the year is as follows:

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                     4,150            3,620
      Discretionary bonus                                                                    2,100            1,750
      Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                             341                49


                                                                                             6,591            5,419


      The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:

                                                                                      Number of individuals
                                                                                             2023              2022

      Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 1,500,001-HK$2,000,000                                          —                  2
      HK$2,000,001-HK$2,500,000                                                                 2                 1
      HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000                                                                 1                 —
      HK$3,000,001-HK$3,500,000                                                                 —                 —
      HK$5,000,001-HK$5,500,000                                                                 2                 2
      HK$5,500,001-HK$6,000,000                                                                 —                 —


                                                                                                5                  5


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)
      Current year                                                                     384,823             293,089
      Under (Over) provision in prior years                                                   474             (2,396)
      Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                            70,341                (9,217)


                                                                                       455,638             281,476




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023         115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

      The income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 can be reconciled to the profit
      before taxation as follows:

                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

      Profit before taxation                                                                1,431,554             1,092,205


      Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2022: 25%)                                              357,889               273,051
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                    11,406                11,553
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                         (1,168)                    —
      Tax effect of different tax rates                                                        (4,743)                (3,094)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                  10,172                  5,382
      Tax effect of losses of offshore entities not recognized                                  1,970                  2,006
      Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                                      (5,199)                (3,184)
      Under (over) provision in prior years                                                       474                 (2,396)
      Withholding tax on undistributed profits of PRC subsidiaries                             87,357                     —
      Effect of research and development expense (“R&D expenses”)
        deduction (Note)                                                                        (2,520)               (1,842)


      Income tax expense for the year                                                         455,638               281,476


      Notes:

      Expenditure on research and development activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
      Enterprises incurring R&D expenses for new technology, new products or new craftsmanship can enjoy R&D super-
      deduction policy. In March 26, 2023, the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the State Taxation
      Administration of the People’s Republic of China issued Bulletin [2023] No. 7 to allow all enterprises (excluding those in
      exceptional industries) to enjoy an upgraded R&D super-deduction rate from 75% on qualified R&D expenses incurred in
      2022 to 100% in 2023.

      Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulations of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
      25%.

      According to the Ministry of Finance of the Peoples Republic of China and State Taxation Administration on
      the Implementation of tax policies related to Small Enterprises with low profits (Bulletin [2023] No. 6), the
      portion of annual taxable income amount of certain entities which does not exceed 1 million yuan shall be
      computed at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable income amount and subject to corporate income tax at a tax
      rate of 20% during the years ended December 31, 2023.

      On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on
      March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
      at 16.5%. No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group did not have assessable profit
      earned or derived from Hong Kong during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.




116        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


11.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

      Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognized as
        distributions during the year
      2023 Interim — HK 9.06 cents
        (2022: 2022 Interim — HK 5.64 cents) per share                               192,907             118,934
      2022 Final — HK 7.58 cents
        (2022: 2021 Final — HK5.64 cents) per share                                  162,126             111,225


                                                                                     355,033             230,159


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31,
      2023 of HK6.86 cents per share and a special dividend of HK21.39 cents per Share have been proposed by
      the Directors. The final dividend of HK6.86 cents per share is subject to approval by the shareholders in the
      forthcoming general meeting. The final dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on
      the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, June 18, 2024. The special
      dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
      Company at the close of business on Friday, October 18, 2024.

12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
      following data:

                                                                                        2023                2022

      Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)            791,240             658,596
      Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share
        (RMB’000)                                                                    791,240             658,596
      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        basic earnings per share                                                2,271,063,422     2,271,451,099
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options                                                                        —                  —


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        diluted earnings per share                                              2,271,063,422     2,271,451,099




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023        117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


13.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                       Furniture,
                                                    Leasehold       fixtures and      Motor      Construction
                                       Buildings improvements         equipment     vehicles      in progress      Total
                                       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2022                  545,634        58,583         118,368       43,644          138,473    904,702
      Additions                             5,118         3,576           4,174        6,102            9,965     28,935
      Acquired on acquisition of
         a subsidiary (Note 36)                 —            —                19          —            16,479      16,498
      Transfer                             15,910            58          11,711           —           (27,679)         —
      Disposals                             (6,253)          —            (3,439)     (2,388)              —      (12,080)

      At December 31, 2022                560,409        62,217         130,833       47,358          137,238    938,055

      Additions                             4,902         5,179            9,670      10,845            3,005     33,601
      Acquired on acquisition of
         a subsidiary (Note 36)             9,127             —              463         204               —        9,794
      Transfer                             18,068            642             556          —           (19,266)         —
      Disposals                              (474)        (6,200)         (3,325)     (3,347)              —      (13,346)

      At December 31, 2023                592,032        61,838         138,197       55,060          120,977    968,104

      DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2022                  175,965        48,903          67,191       30,007               —     322,066
      Provided for the year                28,348         4,284          14,691         4,982              —      52,305
      Eliminated on disposals               (3,119)          —            (2,679)      (2,379)             —       (8,177)

      At December 31, 2022                201,194        53,187          79,203       32,610               —     366,194

      Provided for the year                29,353          6,469         16,165        4,885               —       56,872
      Eliminated on disposals                (470)        (5,211)        (2,577)      (2,936)              —      (11,194)

      At December 31, 2023                230,077        54,445          92,791       34,559               —     411,872

      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2022                359,215         9,030          51,630       14,748          137,238    571,861


      At December 31, 2023                361,955         7,393          45,406       20,501          120,977    556,232


      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a straight-
      line basis, after taking into account their estimated residual values, at the following rates per annum where
      applicable:

      Buildings                               Over the shorter of the remaining lease term of land or useful life of
                                                buildings of 30 years
      Leasehold improvements                  Over the shorter of the remaining lease term or useful life of 5 years
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment       9.50%–31.67%
      Motor vehicles                          19.00%–25.00%

      As at December 31, 2023, the formal title certificates for certain buildings of the Group with carrying value of
      approximately RMB79,425,000 (2022: RMB74,001,000) had not been obtained.




118        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


14.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                       Leased
                                                          Leasehold land            properties            Total
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000

      At December 31, 2023
      Carrying amount                                              60,082              43,486             103,568



      At December 31, 2022
      Carrying amount                                              61,727              54,984             116,711



      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      Depreciation charge                                          (2,233)             (17,711)           (19,944)



      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      Depreciation charge                                          (2,099)             (22,023)           (24,122)


                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Expense relating to short-term leases and low-value assets                        4,531               5,932



      Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
        liabilities                                                                       300                 171



      Total cash outflow for leases                                                    26,323              31,680



      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                  6,801              25,710


      For both years, the Group leases land and properties for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for
      fixed term of 1 year to 25 years (2022: 1 year to 25 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period
      for which the contract is enforceable.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2023, the portfolio of
      short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases entered during the year.

      Restrictions or covenants on leases

      In addition, lease liabilities of RMB52,371,000 (2022: RMB64,703,000) are recognized with related right-of-use
      assets of RMB103,568,000 (2022: RMB116,711,000) as at December 31, 2023. The lease agreements do not
      impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
      Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023        119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


15.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                                                      RMB’000

      FAIR VALUE
      At January 1, 2022                                                                                                   6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2022                                                                                                 6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2023                                                                                                 6,509


      The Group’s property held for earn rentals and capital appreciation purposes is accounted for as investment
      property and measured using the fair value model.

      In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of investment property as at December 31, 2023 and December
      31, 2022 approximates to the carrying value after taking account of market comparable data.

      The following table gives information about how the fair values of these investment properties as at December
      31, 2023 are determined (in particular, the valuation approaches and inputs used), as well as the fair value
      hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorise based on the degree to which the inputs to
      the fair value measurements is observable.

      Investment property held by the Group
      in the consolidated statement of                Fair value
      financial position                              hierarchy        Valuation technique and key input(s)

      Residential property located in Shanghai Level 3                 Market-based approach-based on the time,
        — completed property RMB6,509,000                                 location and individual factors, such as frontage
        (2022: RMB6,509,000)                                              and the size, between the comparables and the
                                                                          property.


                                                                       The key input: Price per square meter RMB67,000
                                                                          (Note)

      Note: Any significant isolated increases (decreases) in these inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
            measurement.


      There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year.




120        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                      License for
                                                                                      provision of
                                                    Computer        Concession             funeral
                                                     software        agreement           services              Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2022                                29,019          255,691            11,808           296,518
      Additions                                         13,726             8,852               —             22,578


      At December 31, 2022                              42,745          264,543            11,808           319,096
      Additions                                          7,075            47,815               —             54,890


      At December 31, 2023                              49,820          312,358            11,808           373,986


      AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2022                                19,022            11,161                —            30,183
      Provided for the year                              7,327             7,972                —            15,299


      At December 31, 2022                              26,349            19,133                —            45,482
      Provided for the year                              8,395            10,335                —            18,730


      At December 31, 2023                              34,744            29,468                —            64,212


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2022                              16,396          245,410            11,808           273,614



      At December 31, 2023                              15,076          282,890            11,808           309,774


      Computer software has finite useful life and is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
      of 5 years.

      Concession agreement mainly represents the right obtained from a government body to provide services that
      give the public access to a funeral parlour or cemetery in accordance with a service concession arrangement,
      pursuant to which the Group is committed to upgrade and construct the relevant property and equipment and
      return it to the government body at the end of concession period. The concession agreements are amortized
      over the agreed concession period.

      The management is of the opinion that the Group would renew the license for provision of funeral services
      issued by the relevant authorities in Chongqing continuously and has the ability to do so. As such, the
      management considers such license carries an indefinite useful life and is carried at cost less any subsequent
      impairment losses, if any.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023        121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS — continued

      The license will not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it will be tested for
      impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
      impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the management determined that there was
      no impairment of license.

      During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group performed impairment review for the license of the
      cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of Chongqing Fushouyuan Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd (“Chongqing
      Fushouyuan Life Science”) based on cash flow forecasts. The key assumptions for the cash flow forecasts are
      those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and direct costs
      during the period. The cash flow forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets for the next ten
      years was approved by management using pre-tax discount rate of 14% (2022: 14%) per annum which
      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The cash
      flows beyond the next 10years (2022: 10 years) are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3% (2022: 3%) per
      annum. The growth rates are by reference to industry growth forecasts. The recoverable amount is
      significantly above the carrying amount of CGUs. Management believes that any reasonably possible change
      in any of these assumptions would not result in impairment.

17.   GOODWILL

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to each of the individual CGUs relating to
      24 subsidiaries (2022: 23). During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the management of the
      Group determines that there is no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill. The movements of
      goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                     31/12/2023           31/12/2022
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2023                                                              1,091,243            1,048,660
      Arising from consideration change                                                      —                  4,989
      Arising from acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36)                                  37,806              37,594


      At December 31, 2023                                                            1,129,049            1,091,243




122       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      The carrying amounts of goodwill as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

      Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (“Haigang Fu
        Shou Yuan”)                                                                  9,595               9,595
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd. (“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”)                    3,738               3,738
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”)                14,769              14,769
      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Chongqing Baitayuan”)                                                     47,458              47,458
      Nanchang Fu Shou Yuan Funerial Co., Ltd. (“Meilin Century
        Cemetery”)                                                                  18,899              18,899
      Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”)                                          47,245              47,245
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery                                                   36,107              36,107
      Anyang Fu Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”)                                             2,425               2,425
      Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”)                                           87,425              87,425
      Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”)                                              22,973              22,973
      Luoyang Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”)                                                 23,451              23,451
      Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd. (“Temshine”)                      23,433              23,433
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co.,Ltd.
        (“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”)                                              22,756              22,756
      Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”)                                              12,903              12,903
      Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”)                                                    19,123              19,123
      Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”)                                               35,721              35,721
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”)               13,560              13,560
      Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Jinsha Fuze”)                      66,176              66,176
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”)                                             352,880             352,880
      Anhui Longmen Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Anhui Longmen”)                    90,673              90,673
      Heze Fuluyuan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Heze Fuluyuan”)                   101,226             101,226
      Zhengzhou Anletang Funeral Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zhengzhou Anletang”)                                                       1,113               1,113
      Zhuolu Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development and
        Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”)                                 37,594              37,594
      Yan’an Hongfu Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Yan’an Hongfu”)                            37,806                  —


                                                                                 1,129,049        1,091,243




                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      In addition to goodwill above, property and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets (including
      allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included in
      the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

      The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs are determined from value in use calculations. The key
      assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding projections of cash flows, growth rates and
      discount rates based on management’s view of future business. Management estimates discount rates using
      pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      CGUs. The growth rates in the first ten-year period are by reference to industry growth forecasts. Changes in
      selling prices and direct costs are based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market.
      The major underlying assumptions are summarized below.

      All these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
      covering a ten-year (2022: ten-year) period and a discount rate of 14% (2022: 14%). Cash flow beyond that
      ten-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 3% (2022: 3%) growth rate for conservative purpose.
      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
      respective carrying amount of Haigang Fu Shou Yuan, Jinzhou Maoshan Anling, Henan Fu Shou Yuan,
      Chongqing Baitayuan, Meilin Century Cemetery, Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, Wuyuan Wanshoushan
      Cemetery, Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery, Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery, Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai,
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery, Temshine, Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery,
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan, Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery, Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery, Jinsha Fuze, Harbin
      Mingxiyuan Cemetery, Anhui Longmen, Heze Fuluyuan, Zhengzhou Anletang, Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan and
      Yan’an Hongfu to exceed the respective recoverable amount of the respective CGUs.




124       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS

                                                  Leasehold         Landscape      Development
                                                         land         facilities          costs             Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2022                           1,512,106          369,214           419,611         2,300,931
      Additions                                           —             50,610            9,620            60,230
      Acquired on acquisition of
        a subsidiary (Note 36)                        15,860                 —                —            15,860
      Transfer to inventories                         (14,541)           (1,901)          (3,514)         (19,956)


      At December 31, 2022                         1,513,425          417,923           425,717         2,357,065
      Additions                                      120,085             5,175           45,467           170,727
      Acquired on acquisition of
        a subsidiary (Note 36)                        79,948                 —            5,628            85,576
      Transfer to inventories                         (36,322)          (1,806)           (2,210)         (40,338)
      Disposal                                         (5,557)          (3,367)               —            (8,924)


      At December 31, 2023                         1,671,579          417,925           474,602         2,564,106


      AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2022                             195,929          112,186            55,154           363,269
      Provided for the year                           31,490            22,327           10,410            64,227
      Eliminated on transfer                             (567)             (202)            (312)          (1,081)


      At December 31, 2022                           226,852          134,311            65,252           426,415
      Provided for the year                           38,273            21,949           10,841            71,063
      Eliminated on transfer                           (2,941)             (144)            (121)          (3,206)
      Disposal                                         (2,175)          (2,643)               —            (4,818)


      At December 31, 2023                           260,009          153,473            75,972           489,454


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2022                         1,286,573          283,612           360,465         1,930,650



      At December 31, 2023                         1,411,570          264,452           398,630         2,074,652


      The leasehold land mainly represents leasehold land located in Mainland China having finite useful lives which
      are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023        125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS — continued

      Landscape facilities represent the construction cost of facilities such as arbors and bridges in the mausoleum.
      Amortisation for landscape facilities is provided on a straight-line basis over shorter of the remaining lease
      term of land or useful life of 20 years.

      Development costs represent the cost paid for the foundation work and putting the land into the condition
      ready for development of cemetery business. Amortisation for development cost is provided on a straight-line
      basis over the estimated useful life (same as leasehold land over the lease terms).

      Upon commencement of development of an area within the cemetery, the proportionate cemetery assets are
      transferred to inventories.

19.   RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

      Restricted deposits represent the deposits which are placed in designated joint controlled bank accounts with
      local funeral associations. In accordance with the requirements of local authorities, the balances are provided
      based on certain percentages of cemetery sales of certain subsidiaries for the use of cemetery maintenance.
      The restricted deposits can be drawn only with simultaneous approvals from both sides of the subsidiary and
      the respective funeral association for cemetery maintenance expenditure.

20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE

                                                                                                                        31/12/2023               31/12/2022
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000

      Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                                                 79,820                        152,160
      Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                                     (37,636)                       (19,200)


                                                                                                                            42,184                        132,960


      Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                              Country of     Principal   Proportion of ownership     Proportion of
                                              incorporation/ place of         interest held        voting rights held     Cost of investment   Principal
      Name of entity#                         registration   business         by the Group           by the Group            by the Group      activity

                                                                              2023        2022       2023         2022       2023       2022
                                                                                 %            %         %            %    RMB’000   RMB’000

      Jiaxing Fuji Equity Investment          PRC            PRC              49.89      49.89          40           40    79,820    152,160 Investment holding
          Partnership (Limited Partnership)
          嘉興福冀股權投資合夥企業(有限合
          夥) (“Jiaxing Fuji”) (Note)

      *         The English name of the joint venture established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note:      During the year, Jiaxing Fuji refunded the investment to the Group and other parties in the same proportion of
                 ownership interest. The Group received RMB72,340,000 and hence, the Group’s cost of investment decreased from
                 RMB152,160,000 as at December 31, 2022 to RMB79,820,000 as at December 31, 2023.




126           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE — continued

      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s joint venture is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRSs.

      Jiaxing Fuji

                                                                                   31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  101,090             266,161



      Non-current assets                                                              158,544             185,146



      Current liabilities                                                             150,735             142,492


      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

                                                                                   31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                          9,696              62,596



      Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
        provisions)                                                                    38,000                8,000


                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          39,605               37,199



      Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year              (44,449)              6,964



      Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense)
        for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                            (31,348)              4,263
      Non-controlling interests                                                        (13,101)              2,701


                                                                                       (44,449)              6,964


      The carrying amount of the interest in Jiaxing Fuji recognized in the consolidated financial statements was
      adjusted by the priority distribution of profits. Hence, the share of loss of a joint venture was RMB18,436,000
      during the year of 2023 (2022: RMB7,407,000).


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION

      The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized by the Group and movements thereon
      during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                            Withholding
                                                  tax on
                                          undistributed
                                             profit from     Contract                         Loss      Fair value      Right-of-use       Lease
                                           the PRC(note 1)   liabilities   Tax losses    allowance adjustment(note2)          assets    liabilities        Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

      At January 1, 2022                               —       53,095         19,939         1,575          (135,047)             —             —          (60,438)
      Adjustments                                      —           —              —             —                 —          (13,986)     13,986                —


      At January 1, 2022 (restated)                    —       53,095         19,939         1,575          (135,047)        (13,986)     13,986           (60,438)


      (Charge) Credit to profit or loss
         (Note 10)                                     —         6,465         (2,122)         309             4,565          (1,712)       1,712            9,217
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                      —            —              —            —             (1,704)             —            —            (1,704)


      At December 31, 2022 (restated)                  —       59,560         17,817         1,884          (132,186)        (15,698)     15,698           (52,925)



      (Charge) Credit to profit or loss
         (Note 10)                               (87,357)      11,348            (934)        (110)            5,416          3,902        (2,606)         (70,341)


      At December 31, 2023                       (87,357)      70,908         16,883         1,774          (126,770)        (11,796)     13,092          (123,266)


      Note 1:       Such withholding tax has been accrued and will be paid out only when relevant profits are remitted from Mainland
                    China subsidiaries to the overseas intermediate holding company.

      Note 2:       Fair value adjustment mainly refers to revaluation of property and equipment and cemetery assets upon the
                    business combination arose from acquisition of subsidiaries.

      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                                                  31/12/2023                   31/12/2022
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                       RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                 92,871                       81,290
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                          (216,137)                     (134,215)


                                                                                                                        (123,266)                      (52,925)


      The deferred tax balances have reflected the tax rates that are expected to apply in the respective years when
      the asset is realized or the liability is settled.




128          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION — continued

      The Group has unused tax losses of the PRC subsidiaries and offshore subsidiaries of approximately
      RMB178,826,000 (2022: RMB201,667,000) as at December 31, 2023. Deferred tax assets have been
      recognized in respect of approximately RMB67,532,000 (2022: RMB71,268,000) of such losses as at
      December 31, 2023. No deferred tax assets of the offshore subsidiaries have been recognized in respect of
      the remaining approximately RMB31,280,000 (2022: RMB36,562,000) as at December 31, 2023 due to the
      unrecognized losses of offshore entities. No deferred tax assets of the PRC subsidiaries have been
      recognized in respect of the remaining approximately RMB80,014,000 (2022: RMB93,837,000) as at
      December 31, 2023 due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

      Pursuant to the rules and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognized tax losses at the end of each reporting
      period will expire in five years. The deductible tax losses as bellows:

                                                                                   31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      2023                                                                                 —                8,698
      2024                                                                              4,191              14,695
      2025                                                                             12,108              19,370
      2026                                                                             24,117              24,117
      2027                                                                             17,670              26,957
      2028                                                                             21,928                  —


                                                                                       80,014              93,837


22.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                   31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Burial plots                                                                    415,344             407,299
      Tombstone                                                                        90,308              99,744
      Others                                                                           52,339              51,915


                                                                                      557,991             558,958




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          31/12/2023            31/12/2022
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trade receivables from contract with customers                                          144,131               142,934
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                         (5,018)               (5,059)


                                                                                              139,113               137,875



      Other receivables comprise:
      Prepayments and rental deposits on properties                                              2,938                2,435
      Other service receivables                                                                     —                 6,000
      Staff advances                                                                               757                1,212
      Deposits for new projects                                                                  6,865                6,773
      Prepayments to suppliers                                                                 13,913                 7,290
      Interest receivables                                                                       3,129                  263
      Receivables from liquidation of a partnership (Note)                                          —               190,000
      Receivables from disposal of equity investment (Note 24(b))                              30,861                    —
      Loans to third parties in connection with a cemetery project                             12,192                60,192
      Others                                                                                   12,615                11,076


                                                                                              222,383               423,116


      Note:    In January 2021, the Group entered into a limited partnership agreement with other partners in respect of the
               establishment of Hainan Tongyuan Equity Investment Partners Corporation (Limited Partnership) (“Hainan
               Tongyuan”). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group contributed RMB300,000,000, accounting for
               approximately 13.04% of the total capital commitment to Hainan Tongyuan and this investment was measured at
               FVTPL. In December 2021, a resolution was passed among all the partners whereby Hainan Tongyuan was
               scheduled to be dissolved in 2022. At the end of the reporting period, all the investment cost of RMB300,000,000
               has been received.


      The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of burial
      service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines, provision of
      landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration authorities. Before
      accepting any new customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to
      assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer.




130       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES — continued

      The aging analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the invoice
      date at the end of reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                   31/12/2023         31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                  71,594              91,255
      Over one year but less than two years                                            36,759              41,944
      Over two years but less than three years                                         29,292               2,810
      Over three years but less than four years                                           840               1,555
      Over four years but less than five years                                            628                 311


                                                                                      139,113             137,875


      Certain portion of trade receivables of sales of cremation machines with instant settlement arrangement is not
      considered past due as the Group maintains good relationship with the customers and do not notice any
      delay or expected delay in payment.

      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
      and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
      estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
      general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
      current as well as forward looking information at the year end.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES — continued

      Movement of loss allowance on trade receivables for the year ended December 31, 2023:

                                                           Lifetime ECL
                                                             (not credit       Lifetime ECL
                                                              impaired)     (credit impaired)        Total
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000

      At January 1, 2022                                          3,821                   —          3,821
      — Impairment losses recognised                              1,238                   —          1,238


      At December 31, 2022                                        5,059                   —          5,059



      — Transfer to credit-impaired                               (3,723)              3,723            —
      — Impairment losses recognised                                895               19,993        20,888
      — Impairment losses reversed                                (1,336)            (19,593)      (20,929)


      At December 31, 2023                                          895                4,123         5,018


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:

                                                                                 31/12/2023     31/12/2022
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

      Unlisted cash management products (a)                                          776,501      487,883
      Equity investment (b)                                                               —         38,110


                                                                                     776,501      525,993



      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                 776,501      487,883
      Non-current assets                                                                  —         38,110


                                                                                     776,501      525,993




132       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (a)   Unlisted cash management products

            During the year, the Group entered into a number of cash management products as part of its treasury
            management.

            Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                Expected     Principal-
            Bank                          Name of products (Note 1)       Currency    Amount   Term/call date                   yield rate   guaranteed
                                                                                     RMB’000

            Shanghai Pudong Development   Tian Tian Li Pu Tian Tong       RMB         91,202   Redeemable on call after            2.37%     N
               Bank                          Ying (天添利浦天同盈                                        1 work day on work day
                                             1號)
            Shanghai Pudong Development   Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan        RMB        147,934   Redeemable on call after            2.19%     N
               Bank                          (“天添利普惠計劃”)                                          1 work day on work day
            Shanghai Pudong Development   Gong Si Tian Li                 RMB         30,277   February 2, 2024 (Note 2)         0.10% or    Y
               Bank                          (公司添利23JG5171期)                                                                        3.70%

            Subtotal                                                      RMB        269,413

            Bank of Shanghai              Yi Jing Ling (易精靈)              RMB         50,000   Redeemable on call after            1.95%     N
                                                                                                  1 work day on work day

            Subtotal                                                      RMB         50,000

            Shanghai Rural Commercial     Ji Ji Xin Li                    RMB         35,206   Redeemable on call after 90   2.45%~3.35%     N
               Bank                           (公司款季季鑫利                                            work days on work day
                                              3個月定開)
            Shanghai Rural Commercial     Tian Tian Ying                  RMB         31,109   Redeemable on call after           2.18%      N
               Bank                           (天天盈C款)                                             1 work day on work day
            Shanghai Rural Commercial     Xin Zeng Li                     RMB         30,057   Redeemable on call after 180 2.65%~3.55%      N
               Bank                           (鑫增利19026期)                                         work days on work day

            Subtotal                                                      RMB         96,372

            China Industrial Bank         Jin Xue Qiu Wen Li Ji Ji Feng   RMB        101,737   March 2, 2024                 3.00%~3.50%     N
                                              (金雪球穩利季季豐)
            China Industrial Bank         Jin Xue Qiu Wen Li Lu Lu Fa     RMB        101,696   June 2, 2024                  3.30%~3.80%     N
                                              (金雪球穩利陸陸發)

            Subtotal                                                      RMB        203,433

            China Construction Bank       Heng Ying Fa Ren Ban                       157,283   Redeemable on call after            2.04%     N
                                             (恒嬴（法人版）)                                            1 work day on work day

            Subtotal                                                      RMB        157,283

            Total                                                         RMB        776,501




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                      Annual Report 2023                 133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (a)    Unlisted cash management products — continued

             Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                              Expected     Principal-
             Bank                          Name of products (Note 1)      Currency     Amount   Term/call date                yield rate   guaranteed
                                                                                      RMB’000

             Shanghai Pudong Development   Tian Tian Li Pu Tian Tong      RMB          88,110   Redeemable on call after         2.14%     N
                Bank                           Ying (天 添 利 浦 天 同 盈1                                1 work day on work day
                                               號)
             Shanghai Pudong Development   Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan (“天   RMB          32,720   Redeemable on call after         1.98%     N
                Bank                           添利普惠計劃”)                                            1 work day on work day
             Shanghai Pudong Development   Ji Ji Xin (季季鑫4號)              RMB         150,000   Redeemable on call after 90      2.94%     N
                Bank                                                                               work days on work day

             Subtotal                                                     RMB         270,830

             China Construction Bank       Hui Zhong Ri Sheng (惠眾日        RMB         102,053   7 days cycle                     2.52%     N
                                              申周贖產品)

             Subtotal                                                     RMB         102,053

             Bank of Shanghai              Yi Jing Ling (易精靈)             RMB          50,000   Redeemable on call after         2.20%     N
                                                                                                   1 work day on work day

             Subtotal                                                     RMB          50,000

             Shanghai Rural Commercial     Ji Ji Xin Li (公司款季季鑫利3         RMB          35,000   January 10, 2023                 3.20%     N
                Bank                           個月定開)
             Shanghai Rural Commercial     Tian Tian Ying (天天盈C款)         RMB          30,000   Redeemable on call after         1.69%     N
                Bank                                                                               1 work day on work day

             Subtotal                                                     RMB          65,000

             Total                                                        RMB         487,883


             Note 1:     Investment portfolio of the products includes government debt instruments, treasury notes, corporate bonds
                         etc.

             Note 2:     If a knock-out event occurs on an observation date, the maturity date of the product will be adjusted to the
                         third workday after the observation date.

             The cash management products have been accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL on initial
             recognition. In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of the cash management products at
             December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 approximated their carrying amounts.




134         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (b)   Equity investment

            In July 2018, the Group made an equity investment in Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Huaxia
            Cemetery”) in the amount of RMB29,000,000, accounting for 10% of the total equity interests and this
            equity investment was measured at FVTPL. Huaxia Cemetery is an unlisted company providing burial
            services in Changchun City of Jilin Province.

            In December 2023, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Industry Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”)
            entered into an agreement with the controlling shareholder of Changchun Huaxia Cemetery to dispose
            of its entire equity interest in Changchun Huaxia Cemetery for a total consideration of RMB30,861,000.
            Therefore, as at December 31, 2023, the equity investment in Changchun Huaxia Cemetery was
            derecognized and the above-mentioned consideration was subsequently fully received in January 2024.

25.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                  31/12/2023        31/12/2022
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

      — RMB                                                                          339,415                 —
      — US Dollar (“US$”)                                                             28,331             33,467


                                                                                     367,746             33,467



      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                 167,746             33,467
      Non-current assets                                                             200,000                 —


                                                                                     367,746             33,467


      As at December 31, 2023, the Group had fixed-term deposits of RMB367,746,000 in banks with maturity of
      six months to three years and fixed interest rate ranging from 1.50% to 5.47% per annum (December 31,
      2022: fixed interest rate ranging from 0.80% to 3.74% per annum).




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


26.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH

      Bank balances of the Group denominated in RMB, HK$, US$ and Japanese Yen (“JPY”) carry variable interest
      rate as follows:

                                                                               31/12/2023         31/12/2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

      Interest rate per annum
      — RMB                                                                 0.20%–2.03%        0.20%–2.03%
      — HK$                                                                        0.01%                0.01%
      — US$                                                                        0.05%                0.05%
      — JPY                                                                      0.0001%                    —


      The bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than RMB are set out below:

                                                                               31/12/2023         31/12/2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

      HK$                                                                          46,280               21,478
      US$                                                                           2,270                1,075
      JPY                                                                           5,921                   —


                                                                                   54,471               22,553




136         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


27.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                         31/12/2023            31/12/2022
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trade payables                                                                         306,832              308,552


      Other payables comprise:
      Advances and deposits from customers                                                    20,334                21,961
      Payables for acquisition of property and equipment                                         604                   354
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                     152,551              155,339
      Other accrued expenses                                                                  45,350                55,381
      Consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries                                  31,773                71,946
      Consideration payables for acquisition of
        non-controlling interests                                                                  —                 3,936
      Reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note)                                         43,377                43,377
      Others                                                                                  57,523                38,684


                                                                                             658,344              699,530


      Note: In June 2022, reimbursed payables due to third parties of RMB57,829,000 were recognized at the date of acquisition
            of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. During the period from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2023, the Group settled
            RMB14,452,000 and the remaining balance of reimbursed payables due to third parties was RMB43,377,000 as at
            December 31, 2023.


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the year end:

                                                                                         31/12/2023            31/12/2022
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      0–90 days                                                                               89,307                96,462
      91–180 days                                                                             25,971                27,746
      181–365 days                                                                            50,117                35,670
      Over 365 days                                                                          141,437              148,674


                                                                                             306,832              308,552


      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 181 to 365 days.




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023          137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


28.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                  31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cemetery maintenance services                                                  551,800                509,523
      Sales of pre-need contracts                                                      48,442                43,170


                                                                                     600,242                552,693



      Current                                                                        105,808                 96,456
      Non-current                                                                    494,434                456,237


                                                                                     600,242                552,693


      Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized are as follows:

      Cemetery maintenance services

      The Group provides on-going cemetery maintenance services as part of the burial services to maintain the
      landscaped cemeteries and the large number of memorials that lie on the cemeteries.

      Customers who purchase burial services at certain locations are required to make advance payments for
      maintenance fees, relating to the maintenance of their cremation niches or burial lots and memorials over 10
      to 20 years, and such amounts are generally paid together with the purchase of the Group’s burial services.

      During the year ended December 31, 2023, the contract liability of RMB51,485,000 (2022: RMB29,006,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the cemetery maintenance services were
      offered.

      Sales of pre-need contracts

      Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death occurring. The
      payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this gives rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
      contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is offered. Therefore, this part of advance
      payment is classified as current liabilities of the Group.

      During the year ended December 31, 2023, the contract liability of RMB2,986,000 (2022: RMB2,505,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the funeral services were offered.




138       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


29.   BORROWINGS

                                                                                                  Carrying amount
                                                                          Effective           31/12/2023            31/12/2022
                                        Maturity Date                 interest rate             RMB’000               RMB’000

      Fixed-rate borrowings:            October 23, 2024                    5.50%                 200,000                     —
          Unsecured bank loan of
          RMB200,000,000


30.   LOANS FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                              31/12/2023            31/12/2022
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

      Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology
          Development Co. Ltd.* (Note 1) (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限公司)                                          18,130               22,540
      Individual A (Note 1)                                                                            258                  246
      Individual B and Individual C (Note 2)                                                       11,050               10,172


                                                                                                   29,438               32,958



      Current                                                                                      29,438               32,958
      Non-current                                                                                      —                    —


                                                                                                   29,438               32,958


      *      The English name of the entity established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note 1:   The loans from Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. and Individual A
                were extended in 2023 and carry a fixed interest rate at 4.35% and 6.00% per annum respectively. They are due
                within one year from the extension date.

      Note 2:   In 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan lent RMB101,720,000 to Heze Fuluyuan with zero interest rate in connection with
                the acquisition of the landbank. After the acquisition of Heze Fuluyuan in December 2021, the non-controlling
                shareholders of Heze Fuluyuan, named Individual B and Individual C, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into a
                supplementary agreement in June 2022, whereby Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan agreed to transfer part of the creditor’s
                right amounting to RMB10,172,000 to Individual B and Individual C as part of the consideration for the acquisition
                of Heze Fuluyuan, resulting in loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries. During the year, Individual
                B and Individual C provided an additional loan of RMB877,600 to Heze Fuluyuan for construction of cemetery
                projects. As at December 31, 2023, the balance of the loan from Individual B and Individual C was
                RMB11,050,000 (December 31, 2022: RMB10,172,000).




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2023          139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


31.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                  31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                 23,156              25,239
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years               13,119              13,855
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years             15,124              24,554
      Within a period of more than five years                                             972                 1,055


      Subtotal                                                                        52,371              64,703


      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
              current liabilities                                                     (23,156)            (25,239)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
        non-current liabilities                                                       29,215              39,464


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.20% (2022: 4.35%).

32.   OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                                                  31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Liabilities for leasehold land                                                  39,075              37,850
      Concession payables                                                             45,111                  —
      Other                                                                           11,765                     —


                                                                                      95,951              37,850


33.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                      shares             Amount
                                                                                                               US$

      Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
      Authorized:
      At January 1, 2022, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023             20,000,000,000         200,000,000




140       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


33.   SHARE CAPITAL — continued

                                                                                                      Shown in the
                                                                                                      consolidated
                                                                  Number of                                financial
                                                                     shares             Amount       statements as
                                                                                            US$            RMB’000

      Issued and fully paid:
      At January 1, 2022                                     2,320,366,422           23,203,664                142,179
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                         (503,000)             (5,030)                  (31)


      At December 31, 2022                                   2,319,863,422           23,198,634                142,148



      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                               —                   —                     —


      At December 31, 2023                                   2,319,863,422           23,198,634                142,148


34.   RESERVES

      Statutory surplus reserve

      As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
      maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. An appropriation to such reserve is made
      out of net profit after tax as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the
      amounts and allocation basis are decided by their respective boards of directors annually. The appropriation,
      however, must be at least 10% of profit after tax and may cease when the fund balance reaches 50% of the
      registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used to make up prior
      year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of a capitalization issue.

      Special reserve

      The special reserve consisted of an amount of RMB5,000,000 representing deemed contribution from the
      equity holders pursuant to a Group’s reorganization and an amount of RMB79,667,000 representing deemed
      contribution from the founding shareholders as a result of a waiver of liabilities by such founding shareholders
      prior to the Company’s listing.

      Other reserve

      Other reserve represents the difference between the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net
      assets of non-wholly owned subsidiaries transferred from non-controlling interests and the consideration paid
      to acquire the respective from non-controlling interests.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023          141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


35.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

      Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

      The Company has adopted a restricted share incentive scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or
      reward to Eligible Participants including the Directors and employees for their contribution or potential
      contribution to the Company. The Company entered into a trust deed with the Computershare Hong Kong
      Trustees Limited as the trustee for the administration of the scheme.

      During the year of 2023, the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme purchased nil (2022: nil) of the
      Company’s shares from the open market.

      The shares purchased by the trustee that are not yet granted for this restricted share incentive scheme were
      recorded as treasury shares of the Group. As at December 31, 2023, there were 48,800,000 treasury shares
      held through the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme, and no such shares have been granted.

36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

      The acquisition has been completed during the year ended December 31, 2023.

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu

      In June 2023, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with Jiaxing Fuji to acquire equity interest in
      Yan’an Hongfu for a total consideration of RMB41,000,000. The acquisition has been completed in June 2023
      and has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the
      acquisition was RMB37,806,000. Yan’an Hongfu is mainly engaged in burial service and was acquired as part
      of the Group’s expansion. As at December 31, 2023, the Group has acquired 100% equity interest in Yan’an
      Hongfu.




142       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu — continued

      Consideration transferred

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Cash consideration paid in 2023                                                                      41,000


      As at December 31, 2023, the Group has fully paid the consideration to acquire Yan’an Hongfu.

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Property and equipment                                                                                9,794
      Cemetery assets                                                                                      85,576
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                201
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                6,397
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                                         (81)
      Trade and other payables                                                                            (86,355)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                   (450)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                         (11,888)


      Net assets acquired                                                                                   3,194


      Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Consideration transferred                                                                            41,000
      Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                      (3,194)


      Total                                                                                                37,806


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Yan’an Hongfu because the consideration for the combination effectively
      included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Yan’an Hongfu. These benefits are not
      recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023          143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu — continued

      Net cash outflow on acquisition of Yan’an Hongfu

                                                                                                          RMB’000

      Consideration paid in cash                                                                             41,000
      Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                               (6,397)


      Total                                                                                                  34,603


      Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

      Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB2,501,000 which is attributable to Yan’an
      Hongfu.

      Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2023, total Group revenue for the year would have been
      RMB2,629,179,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB973,991,000. The pro forma information is for
      illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group
      that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2023, nor is it
      intended to be a projection of future results.

      In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Yan’an Hongfu been acquired at the
      beginning of the current year, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery
      assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business combination
      rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan

      In October 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with an independent third party to
      acquire equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. According to the agreement, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan shall
      make four separate capital injections of RMB5 million, 20 million, 8 million and 30 million in sequence based
      on the business development and related conditions. The Group made the first capital injection in November
      2021, and completed the second one in June 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the Group has acquired 51%
      equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

      The acquisition was completed in June 2022 and has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The
      amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB37,594,000. Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan is mainly
      engaged in burial service and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.




144       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan — continued

      Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

      Remeasurement of investment in an associate (Note)                                                            14,242
      Cash consideration paid during the Period                                                                     20,000


      Total                                                                                                         34,242


      Note:   The remeasurement of 30% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan at the acquisition date resulted in an investment
              income of RMB9,242,000.

      As at December 31, 2022, the Group has fully paid the consideration to acquire Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

      Property and equipment                                                                                        16,498
      Cemetery assets                                                                                               15,860
      Right-of-use assets                                                                                            1,890
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                   21,174
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                           407
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                                                (89)
      Reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note)                                                              (57,829)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                                      (238)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                              (2,541)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       (1,704)


      Net liabilities acquired                                                                                       (6,572)


      Note: In October 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into a supplementary acquisition agreement, whereby reimbursed
            payables due to third parties of RMB43,440,000 could be exempted if certain conditions were met in the future.




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2023          145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan — continued

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition — continued

      Non-controlling interests

      The non-controlling interests (49%) in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan recognized at the acquisition date was measured
      by the proportionate share of recognized amounts of net liabilities of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan amounted to
      RMB3,220,000.

      Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Consideration transferred                                                                            34,242
      Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                      (3,220)
      Less: recognized amounts of net liabilities acquired                                                 (6,572)


      Total                                                                                                37,594


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan because the consideration for the combination
      effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. These benefits
      are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be deductible for the
      tax purposes.

      Net cash inflow on acquisition of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                             407




146       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan — continued

      Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

      Included in the profit for the year of 2022 is a loss of approximately RMB692,000 which is attributable to
      Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

      Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2022, total Group revenue for the year of 2022 would have
      been RMB2,171,626,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB809,999,000. The pro forma
      information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
      operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
      January 1, 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

      In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan been acquired at the
      beginning of the last year, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery
      assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business combination
      rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.

37.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which mainly includes loans from non-controlling
      shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities, borrowings, other long-term liabilities, net of restricted deposits,
      time deposits, bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share
      capital, retained profits and other reserves.

      The Directors review the capital structure on an on-going basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
      the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall
      capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the
      issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023         147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.    Categories of financial instruments

            The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                      31/12/2023         31/12/2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Financial assets
            At FVTPL                                                                     776,501             525,993
            At amortised cost                                                          2,956,769           2,468,533



            Financial liabilities
            At amortized cost                                                            771,103             527,770


      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial instruments include restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and
            cash, trade and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, trade and other payables, borrowings,
            loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities dividends payable and other
            long-term liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks
            associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other
            price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below.
            The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
            implemented on a timely and effective manner.

            Market risk

            Currency risk

            The primary economic environment in which the Group and its principal subsidiaries operate is the PRC
            and their functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances and time deposits are
            denominated in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The management
            monitors foreign currency exposure by closely monitoring the movement of foreign currency rates and
            control currency exposure position.




148        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Currency risk — continued

           The carrying amounts of the Group’s major foreign currency denominated monetary assets as at
           December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                  31/12/2023           31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

           Assets
           US$                                                                         30,601              34,542
           HK$                                                                         46,280              21,478
           JPY                                                                          5,921                  —


           Sensitivity analysis

           The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the
           relevant foreign currencies. A sensitivity rate of 5% represents management’s assessment of the
           reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
           foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
           period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.

           A negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against
           the relevant foreign currencies, whereas a positive number indicates an increase in post-tax profit. For a
           5% weakening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite
           impact on the post-tax profit.

                                                                                  31/12/2023           31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

           If RMB strengthens against US$                                               (1,148)             (1,295)



           If RMB strengthens against HK$                                               (1,736)               (805)



           If RMB strengthens against JPY                                                 (222)                 —




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023        149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Market risk — continued

            Interest rate risk

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest rate time deposits, lease
            liabilities, borrowings, other long-term liabilities and loans from non-controlling shareholders of
            subsidiaries.

            The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and
            restricted deposits.

            The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any
            interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the
            proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

            Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

                                                                                     31/12/2023           31/12/2022
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

            Financial assets at amortised cost                                            17,341               13,723


            Interest expense on financial liabilities not measured at FVTPL and lease liabilities:

                                                                                     31/12/2023           31/12/2022
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                         5,033                2,506
            Lease liabilities                                                               2,359                2,502


                                                                                            7,392                5,008




150        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Interest rate risk — continued

           Sensitivity analysis

           The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for interest-
           bearing financial instruments. The analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate financial instruments
           outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 10-basis point
           increase or decrease in deposit interest rates and a 50-basis point increase or decrease in lending
           interest rates represent management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

           If the deposit interest rate had been 10 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
           constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have been
           increased/decreased by approximately RMB2,371,000 (2022: RMB1,909,000).

           If the lending interest rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
           constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have been
           decreased/increased by approximately RMB196,000 (2022: RMB328,000).

           Other price risk

           The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in unlisted financial products as
           financial assets at FVTPL. The management considers alternative tools to mitigate other price risk and
           manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks.

           Credit risk and impairment assessment

           Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
           resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to
           trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash, time deposits, restricted deposits and. The Group
           does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its
           financial assets.

           The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
           Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
           impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarized as below:




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023        151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

            The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of
            burial service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines,
            provision of landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration
            authorities.

            The Group has concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At December 31, 2023, the Group’s
            largest and five largest customers accounted for approximately 13% (2022: 19%) and 52% (2022: 56%)
            of the total trade receivables, respectively. In order to minimise the credit risk, before accepting any new
            customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the
            potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The management of the Group
            has delegated a team responsible for monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken
            when overdue debts occur. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is
            significantly reduced.

            In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances
            individually or based on provision matrix. Except for customers with good credit rating and
            credit-impaired, which are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables are
            grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
            histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers. Impairment
            amount of RMB41,000 is reversed during the year (2022: RMB1,238,000 recognized).




152        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           Other receivables

           For other receivables, the Directors make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
           receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and
           qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The Directors
           believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
           the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
           the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables were insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
           recognized.

           The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

           Internal credit                                                                         Other financial
           rating              Description                                   Trade receivables     assets

           Low risk            The counterparty has a low risk of            Lifetime ECL — not    12m ECL
                                  default and does not have any past-          credit-impaired
                                  due amounts


           Watch list          Debtor frequently repays after due            Lifetime ECL — not    12m ECL
                                  dates but usually settle after due           credit-impaired
                                  date in full


           Doubtful            There have been significant increases Lifetime ECL — not            Lifetime ECL — not
                                  in credit risk since initial recognition     credit-impaired       credit-impaired
                                  through information developed
                                  internally or external resources


           Loss                There is evidence indicating the asset Lifetime ECL —               Lifetime ECL —
                                  is credit-impaired                           credit-impaired       credit-impaired


           Write-off           There is evidence indicating that the         Amount is written off Amount is written off
                                  debtor is in severe financial
                                  difficulty and the Group has no
                                  realistic prospect of recovery




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023         153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

            Other receivables — continued

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
            ECL assessment:

                                                                                                           Gross          Gross
                                                     Internal credit        12m or                     carrying        carrying
                                                     rating                 lifetime ECL                amount          amount
                                                                                                            2023           2022
                                            Notes                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

            Financial assets at
              amortised cost
            Bank balances and cash            26     Low risk               12m ECL                   2,295,467      1,942,233
            Time deposits                     25     Low risk               12m ECL                     367,746          33,467
            Restricted deposits               19     Low risk               12m ECL                        89,424        81,394
            Other receivables                 23     Note 1                 12m ECL                        65,019      273,564
            Trade receivables                 23     Note 2                 Lifetime ECL                   35,478        24,816
                                                                              (collective
                                                                              assessment)
            Trade receivables                 23     Low risk               Lifetime ECL                108,653        118,118
                                                                              (individual)

            Note 1:   For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether
                      credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.

            Note 2:   For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
                      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
                      and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
                      estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
                      general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
                      current as well as forward looking information at the period end.

            2023                                                       Past due          Not past due                    Total
                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000              RMB’000

            Other receivables                                                   —                65,019                65,019


            2022                                                        Past due            Not past due                  Total
                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000               RMB’000

            Other receivables                                                   —               273,564               273,564




154        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Liquidity risk

           In the management of liquidity risk, the management monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
           equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
           effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and
           ensures compliance with loan covenants, if any.

           Liquidity tables

           The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for their financial liabilities. The
           table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the
           earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

           The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest rates are floating
           rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the applicable interest rates as at December 31, 2023
           and 2022.

                                                      Repayable on
                                                        demand or                                     Total       Total
                                            Weighted      less than   1 year to   More than   undiscounted     carrying
                                         average rate        1 year     5 years     5 years     cash flows     amount
                                                   %      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

           At December 31, 2023
           Trade and other payables               —        268,276     141,438           —         409,714     409,714
           Dividends payable                      —         36,000          —            —          36,000      36,000
           Loans from non-controlling
              shareholders of
              subsidiaries
              — fixed rate                    2.73%         30,242          —            —          30,242      29,438
           Borrowings
             — fixed rate                     5.50%        202,078          —            —        202,078      200,000
           Lease liabilities                  4.20%         24,129      30,392        2,203         56,724      52,371
           Other long-term liabilities        4.00%             —       28,763       77,085        105,848      95,951


                                                           560,725     200,593       79,288        840,606     823,474




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023         155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Liquidity risk — continued

            Liquidity tables — continued

                                                          Repayable on
                                                            demand or                                    Total
                                             Weighted         less than   1 year to   More than   undiscounted   Total carrying
                                           average rate         1 year     5 years      5 years     cash flows         amount
                                                    %        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

            At December 31, 2022
            Trade and other payables                —         308,288     148,674            —        456,962         456,962
            Loans from non-controlling
               shareholders of
               subsidiaries
               — fixed rate                       3.02          33,953          —            —         33,953          32,958
            Lease liabilities                     4.35          26,336     42,723         1,305        70,364          64,703
            Other long-term liabilities           4.98              —        9,757      37,245         47,002          37,850


                                                              368,577     201,154       38,550        608,281         592,473




156        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

           Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
           following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
           particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
           which the fair value measurements are categorized (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
           inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                                    Fair value
           Financial assets                       Fair value as at                  hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs
                              31/12/2023                 31/12/2022

           Financial assets   Cash management            Cash management            Level 3      Discounted cash flows
             at FVTPL           products in PRC with        products in PRC with                   Key unobservable input is:
                                principal of                principal of                           (1) Expected return;
                                RMB776,501,000              RMB487,883,000                         (2) Risk-adjusted discount rate (Note)


           Unquoted equity    N/A                        10% equity investment in   Level 3      Income approach
             investments                                    Huaxia Cemetery of                     Key unobservable inputs are:
                                                            RMB38,110,000                          (1) Long term revenue growth rates,
                                                                                                      taking into management’s experience
                                                                                                      and knowledge of market conditions
                                                                                                      of the specific industry;
                                                                                                   (2) Weighted average cost of capital

           Note: The Directors consider that the impact of the fluctuation in expected discount rate of the cash management
                 products was insignificant as the cash management products have short maturities, and therefore no
                 sensitivity analysis is presented.

           There is no transfer among level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2023                  157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.      Fair value measurements of financial instruments — continued

              Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                   Financial assets
                                                                                                          at FVTPL
                                                                                                          RMB’000

              At January 1, 2022                                                                         1,004,083
              Total gains in profit or loss                                                                  30,574
              Purchase                                                                                     372,645
              Disposals/settlements                                                                        (881,309)


              At December 31, 2022                                                                         525,993



              Total gains in profit or loss                                                                  39,667
              Purchase                                                                                     654,000
              Disposals/settlements                                                                        (443,159)


              At December 31, 2023                                                                         776,501


              Total gains for the period included in profit RMB39,667,000 relates to financial assets designated at
              FVTPL held at December 31, 2023(during the same period of last year: a gain of RMB30,574,000). Fair
              value gains on financial assets designated at FVTPL are included in ‘other income, gains and losses’.

39.   CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

                                                                                    31/12/2023          31/12/2022
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property and
           equipment and cemetery assets contracted for but not provided
           in the consolidated financial statements                                      22,834              25,366




158          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


40.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

      The Group participates in the MPF Scheme. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the
      Group and are invested in funds under the control of independent trustees. For members of the MPF Scheme,
      the Group contributes 5%, with maximum of HK$3,000 per person of relevant monthly payroll costs to the
      MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by employees. No forfeited contributions are available under the
      MPF Scheme.

      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
      operated by the PRC Government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute 12% to 20% of the total
      monthly basic salaries of their current employees to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The
      only obligation of the PRC subsidiaries with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the
      specified contributions.

      The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
      approximately RMB33,994,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: RMB37,657,000), representing
      contributions paid and/or payable to the scheme by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023. As at
      December 31, 2023, contributions of RMB1,129,000 due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2023 had
      not been paid over to the plans (December 31, 2022: RMB1,625,000). The amounts were paid subsequent to
      the end of the reporting period.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023        159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


41.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities (including dividends payable, borrowings, lease
      liabilities, other long-term liabilities, and loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries) arising from
      financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are
      those for which cash flows were or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement
      of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                       Loans from
                                                                                             Other non-controlling
                                                 Dividend                    Lease      long-term shareholders of
                                                  payable    Borrowings   liabilities    liabilities  subsidiaries      Total
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      At January 1, 2022                               —             —       61,416        36,713          27,184      125,313
      Financing cash flows                       (330,746)           —      (25,577)         (530)          (5,475)   (362,328)
      New leases entered                               —             —       23,821            —                —       23,821
      Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries          —             —        2,541           238               —        2,779
      Interest expense                                 —             —        2,502         1,429            1,077       5,008
      Loan recognized as the consideration for
         the acquisition of a subsidiary               —             —            —            —           10,172      10,172
      Dividends paid to non-controlling
         shareholders of subsidiaries             100,587            —            —            —                —     100,587
      Dividends recognized as distributions       230,159            —            —            —                —     230,159


      At December 31, 2022                             —             —      64,703         37,850          32,958     135,511



      At January 1, 2023                               —             —       64,703        37,850          32,958      135,511
      Financing cash flows                       (487,976)      200,000     (21,492)       (1,589)         (4,381)    (315,438)
      New leases entered                               —             —        6,801           415              —         7,216
      Acquired on concession agreements                —             —           —         45,293              —        45,293
      Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries          —             —           —         11,888              —        11,888
      Interest expense                                 —          2,078       2,359         2,094             861        7,392
      Dividends paid to non-controlling
         shareholders of subsidiaries             168,943            —            —            —                —     168,943
      Dividends recognized as distributions       355,033            —            —            —                —     355,033


      At December 31, 2023                         36,000       202,078     52,371         95,951          29,438     415,838


42.   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of the Directors, who are also key management, is disclosed in Note 9.




160         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:

                                                                      Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                      incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                      registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                           operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                           At December 31,
                                                                                                                                           2023        2022
                                                                                                                                             %           %

      Directly held:
      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited.+                        Hong Kong       October 10, 2011      2 shares of HK$2                100         100 Investment holding
          福壽園集團（香港）有限公司
      Indirectly held:
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.^                         PRC             January 18, 2011      RMB221,900,000                  100         100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園集團有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan^                                          PRC             February 21, 1994     RMB100,000,000                  100         100 Provision of burial services
          上海福壽園實業集團有限公司
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan^                                             PRC             July 7, 2003          RMB30,120,000                   100         100 Provision of burial services
          河南福壽園實業有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Consultancy Company Limited^             PRC             August 9, 2010        RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Company Limited^                PRC             February 22, 2002     RMB10,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial services
          (“Hefei Dashushan”)
          合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Service Company Limited^                   PRC             September 27, 2008    RMB1,200,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral services
          合肥人本禮儀服務有限公司
      Hefei Huazhijian Flowers Company Limited^                       PRC             May 13, 2010          RMB500,000                       60          60 Provision of flowers and related
          合肥花之間花卉有限公司                                                                                                                                           designing services
      Shanghai Fushouyuan Enterprise Management Consulting            PRC             September 9, 2002     RMB5000,000                     100         100 Investment holding
          Co., Ltd.^
          上海福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Chongqing Fushouyuan Life Science^                              PRC             September 11,1997     RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
          重慶福壽元生命科技服務有限公司
      Chongqing Anle Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             January 23, 2003      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
          重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^   PRC             May 17, 2011          RMB500,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral services
          上海福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling^                                         PRC             January 7, 2004       RMB8,000,000                    100         100 Provision of burial services
          錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司
      Fumao Corporate Management Consultancy (Shanghai)               PRC             January 27, 2011      RMB5,000,000                    100         100 Investment holding
          Company Limited^
          福泖企業管理諮詢（上海）有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Shareholding Investment Corporation      PRC             November 10, 2010     RMB3,400,000,000                100         100 Investment holding
          (Limited Partnership)-
          重慶福壽園股權投資企業（有限合夥）
      Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             November 17, 2009     RMB140,000,000                50.89       50.89 Provision of burial services
          (“Nanchang Hongfu”)
          南昌洪福人文紀念有限責任公司
      Chongqing Fuyuan Corporate Management Consultancy               PRC             January 20, 2012      USD1,000,000                    100         100 Investment holding
          Company Limited+
          重慶福元企業管理諮詢有限公司




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                  Annual Report 2023                           161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                   Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                   incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                   registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                        operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                        At December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2023        2022
                                                                                                                                          %           %

      Xiamen Huaixiang Condolence Services Company Limited^        PRC             December 31, 2012     RMB5,000,000                     90          90 Provision of funeral services
           廈門市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Equipment Company Limited^        PRC             November 20, 2012     RMB50,000,000                   100         100 Manufacturing and sales of
           福壽園環保機械製造有限公司                                                                                                                                     cremation devices
      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Company Limited^           PRC             December 29, 2001     RMB10,000,000                    50          50 Provision of burial services
           山東福壽園發展有限公司
      Ningbo Yongyi Funeral Services Company Limited^              PRC             January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral services
           寧波永逸殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan^ (Note (a))                             PRC             January 25, 2007      RMB50,000,000                    40          40 Provision of burial services
           上海南院實業發展有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Protection Equipment     PRC             March 21, 2013        RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Sales and after-sales service of
           Company Limited^                                                                                                                                  cremation devices
           上海福壽園環保設備有限公司
      Shanghai Senfu Fruits and Vegetables Technological           PRC             July 2, 2013          RMB1,600,000                    100         100 Sales of agricultural products
           Development Company Limited^
           上海森福蔬果科技發展有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Jingguan Design Company Limited^       PRC             January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000                     95          95 Provision of designing service
           上海福壽園景觀設計有限公司
      Wuhan Changle Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Company          PRC             October 30, 2013      RMB1,000,000                     51          51 Inactive
           Limited^
           武漢長樂福壽殯儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Baitayuan^                                         PRC             September 8, 1997     RMB13,405,700                   100         100 Provision of burial service and
           重慶白塔園殯葬開發有限公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment Fund Partnership          PRC             March 13, 2014        RMB200,000,000                  100         100 Investment holding
           (Limited Partnership)-
           重慶福鼎股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）
      Beijing Fushouyuan Investment Co.,Ltd.^                      PRC             March 26, 2014        RMB100,000,000                   60          60 Investment holding
           北京福壽園投資有限公司
      Meilin Century Cemetery^                                     PRC             June 8, 1999          RMB32,730,000                 50.89       50.89 Provision of burial service and
           南昌福壽園殯儀有限責任公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery^                              PRC             December 11, 2012     RMB118,600,000                  100        100 Provision of burial service
           遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery^                                 PRC             May 7, 2013           RMB3,500,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司
      Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery^                                PRC             October 25, 2010      RMB54,500,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery^                               PRC             March 22, 2007        RMB55,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           常州棲鳳山國際人文陵園有限公司
      Fushouyuan (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.+                  PRC             July 14, 2015         RMB200,000,000                  100         100 Investment holding
           福壽園（上海）投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^   PRC             March 9, 2016         RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           泰安福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^          PRC             March 8, 2016         RMB80,000,000                    51          51 Provision of burial service and
           (“Chongqing Xiyuan”)                                                                                                                              funeral service
           重慶福壽園西苑實業有限公司
      Wuyuan County Fu Shou Funeral Co.,Ltd.^                      PRC             December 17, 2015     RMB100,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
           婺源縣福壽園殯儀有限責任公司
      Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai ^                                 PRC             October 25, 2004      RMB1,500,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           棗莊市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司




162          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                   Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                   Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                   incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                   registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                        operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                        At December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2023        2022
                                                                                                                                          %           %

      Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             October 20, 2016      RMB70,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Company Limited^                        PRC             December 5, 2016      RMB1,200,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
           合肥人本殯葬服務有限公司
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemete^                                       PRC             August 31, 2015       RMB48,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           洛陽仙鶴紀念陵園有限公司
      Yancheng Dafeng Fushouyuan Funeral and Burial Service        PRC             January 17, 2017      RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           Co., Ltd.^
           鹽城大豐福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Gaoyou Fushouyuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                PRC             May 12, 2017          RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           高郵福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fushouyuan Memorial Mausoleum Co. Ltd.^              PRC             September 25, 2014    RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司
      Temshine^                                                    PRC             June 23, 2005         RMB6,150,000                    100         100 Provision of designing service
           北京天泉佳境陵園建築設計有限公司
      Shanghai Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.^                PRC             December 1, 2021      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of designing service
           上海天泉佳境建築設計有限公司
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery^                                  PRC             May 8, 2013           RMB25,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial service
           廣西華祖園投資有限公司
      Changzhou Fushouyuan Etiquette Co., Ltd.^                    PRC             January 7, 2013       RMB500,000                       76          76 Provision of funeral service
           常州福壽園禮儀有限公司
      Qinzhou Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             July 31, 2017         RMB30,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial service
           欽州華祖園投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.^                    PRC             April 29, 2016        RMB40,000,000                    65          65 Provision of burial service
           泰安福壽園實業發展有限公司
      Ningde Huaixiang Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                 PRC             July 17, 2017         RMB3,000,000                     77          77 Provision of funeral service
           寧德市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^             PRC             October 25, 2017      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
           淮北福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Lujiang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^             PRC             October 31, 2017      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
           廬江福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery^                                  PRC             January 2, 2018       RMB2,000,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有限公司
      Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery^                                   PRC             November 13, 2007     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           內蒙古福壽園實業有限公司
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan^                                        PRC             March 27, 2017        RMB40,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service and
           正安縣福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                                      funeral service
      Xuancheng Mashan Scenic Service Co., Ltd.^                   PRC             January 5, 2018       RMB40,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           宣城馬山風景陵園有限公司
      Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service Center Co., Ltd.^          PRC             April 3, 2018         RMB8,000,000                     55          55 Provision of funeral service
           杭州蕭山殯儀服務中心有限公司
      Fushoujia (Shanghai) Industrial Development Co., Ltd.^       PRC             August 7, 2017        RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           福壽家（上海）實業發展有限公司
      Ningbo Fenghua Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^         PRC             June 11, 2018         RMB1,000,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral service
           寧波奉化福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Changzhou Jintan Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^       PRC             October 25, 2018      RMB1,000,000                     80          80 Provision of funeral service
           常州金壇福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Yanshan County Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^         PRC             August 23, 2018       RMB25,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           鉛山縣福壽園禮儀服務有限公司




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                               Annual Report 2023                           163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                  Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                  incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                  registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                       operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2023        2022
                                                                                                                                         %           %

      Ganzhou Ronglong Humanities Memorial Park Management Co.,   PRC             November 29, 2018     RMB10,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
          Ltd.^
          贛州蓉龍人文紀念園管理有限公司
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery^                                   PRC             December 24, 2012     RMB20,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
          湖北天聖公墓有限公司
      Shandong Anzun Life Culture Service Co., Ltd.^              PRC             January 28, 2019      RMB60,000,000                    49          49 Provision of burial service
          (“Shandong Anzun”) (Note (b))
          山東安尊生命文化服務有限公司
      Fuyang Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^                PRC             July 23, 2018         RMB5,500,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          阜陽福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Linquan Heheyuan Funeral Home Co., Ltd.^                    PRC             June 24, 2019         RMB50,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          臨泉駕鶴園殯儀館有限公司
      Shucheng Fushouyuan Funeral Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^    PRC             November 11, 2019     RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          舒城福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Zaozhuang Fushouyuan Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^           PRC             December 12, 2019     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          棗莊市福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery^                                 PRC             September 29, 2000    RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司
      Jinsha Fuze^                                                PRC             January 6, 2011       RMB74,000,000                    80          80 Provision of funeral service
          金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司
      Shanghai Fushouyun Life Information Technology Co., Ltd.^   PRC             November 19, 2012     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          上海福壽雲生命信息科技有限公司
      Gansu Hailinjinggang Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             July 2, 2009          RMB70,000,000                    95          95 Provision of burial service
          甘肅海林幜港實業有限公司
      Changfeng Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             January 1, 2020       RMB300,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
          長豐福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Ruichang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                       PRC             September 30, 2020    RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          瑞昌市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Shanghai Fushouyuan Technology Service Co., Ltd ^           PRC             March 24, 2014        RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          上海福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Chaohu County Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^       PRC             November 27, 2020     RMB500,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
          巢湖福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. ^                  PRC             December 1, 2020      RMB30,000,000                    80          90 Provision of burial service
          大連福壽園實業有限公司
      Fu Shou Garden (Zhanjiang) Humanities Memorial              PRC             May 15, 2020          RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          Company Limited.^
          福壽園（湛江）人文紀念有限公司
      Hefei Fushuyuan Technology Service Co., Ltd.^               PRC             June 9, 2020          RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          合肥福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Guangxi Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             June 15, 2021         RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          廣西福壽園實業投資有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                   PRC             June 4, 2021          USD30,000,000                   100         100 Investment holding
          大連福壽園投資有限公司
      Yunnan Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^              PRC             October 13, 2021      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          雲南福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Heze Fuluyuan^                                              PRC             January 31, 2013      RMB50,000,000                    90          90 Provision of burial service
          菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公司
      Zhengzhou Anletang^                                         PRC             April 26, 2019        RMB2,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限公司




164          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                  Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                      Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                      incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                      registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                           operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                           At December 31,
                                                                                                                                           2023        2022
                                                                                                                                             %           %

      Anhui Longmen^                                                  PRC             January 15, 2015      RMB21,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司
      Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan^                                             PRC             November 11, 2015     RMB6,122,000                     51          51 Provision of burial service
           涿鹿隆暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司
      Shenzhen Fu Shou Yuan Technology Service Co., Ltdº^             PRC             December 08, 2017     RMB3,000,000                    100          25 Provision of burial service
           深圳福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Yan’an Hongfuº^                                                 PRC             December 25, 2020     RMB30,000,000                   100          — Provision of burial service
           延安洪福公墓有限公司
      Tianjin Fu Shou Yuan Technology Development Co., Ltd*^          PRC             November 1, 2023      RMB1,000,000                     70          — Provision of burial service
           天津福壽園科技發展有限公司
      Shenyang Fuyou Funeral & Ceremony Service Co., Ltd*^            PRC             July 18, 2023         RMB2,800,000                     91          — Provision of funeral service
           沈陽福佑殯葬禮儀服務有限責任公司
      Shanghai Qingpu Li Ji Academy of Further Education Co., Ltd*^   PRC             April 10, 2023        RMB500,000                      100          — Provision of education service
           上海青浦禮濟進修學院有限公司
      Shanghai Mu Yun Ji Culture & Technology Co., Ltd*^              PRC             August 21, 2023       RMB400,000                      100          — Provision of funeral service
           上海牧雲記文化科技有限公司
      Hangzhou Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Co., Ltd*^                PRC             March 20, 2023        RMB1,000,000                    100          — Provision of funeral service
           杭州福壽元生命科技有限公司
      Beijing Fu Shou Yuan Technology Service Co., Ltd*^              PRC             May 22, 2023          RMB1,000,000                    100          — Provision of funeral service
           北京福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Co., Ltd*^                  PRC             March 23, 2023        RMB1,000,000                    100          — Provision of funeral service
           大連福壽元生命科技有限公司
      Fu Shou Yuan (Hong Kong) Funeral Services Limited*+             Hong Kong       December 1, 2023      100 shares of HK$100            100          — Provision of funeral service
           福壽園（香港）殯儀有限公司

      #
                The English names of all subsidiaries established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

      *         The entity was set up during the year ended December 31, 2023.

      ^
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of domestic limited liability company.

      +
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

      —
                The entity is established in the PRC in the form of limited liability partnership.

      º         The entity was acquired during the year ended December 31, 2023.

      Notes:

      (a)       Haigang Fu Shou Yuan was an associate of the Group prior to January 4, 2013. On January 4, 2013, the Group has
                been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of Haigang Fu
                Shou Yuan unilaterally. As such, Haigang Fu Shou Yuan is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group from January
                4, 2013.

      (b)       The Group has been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities
                of Shandong Anzun unilaterally. As such, Shandong Anzun is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group.


      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




                                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                 Annual Report 2023                           165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

      The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
      controlling interests:

                                                                      Proportion of
                                             Place of             ownership interests
                                             incorporation and    and voting rights held     Profit allocated to
                                             principal place of    by non-controlling         non-controlling         Accumulated non-
                                             business                   interests                interests           controlling interests

                                                                      2023          2022       2023          2022       2023        2022
                                                                         %             %    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000

      Hefei Dashushan                        PRC                        40            40      11,451      21,495      100,384      88,933
      Nanchang Hongfu                        PRC                     49.11          49.11      8,084         6,227    119,151    111,067
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan                   PRC                        60            60     119,389      83,656      100,655    110,266
      Chongqing Xiyuan                       PRC                        49            49       3,132         1,876     45,618      42,486
      Shandong Fu Shou                       PRC                        50            50      17,795      20,711       85,241      87,446
        Yuan Development
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery          PRC                        20            20       9,955         8,942     38,514      36,819
      Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                    14,870         9,226    164,246    161,229
        with non-controlling interests


      Total                                                                                  184,676    152,133       653,809    638,246


      Summarized financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-
      controlling interests is set out below. The summarized financial information below represents amounts before
      intragroup eliminations.




166           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Hefei Dashushan

                                                                                   31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  297,511             275,751
      Non-current assets                                                                7,611               8,963
      Current liabilities                                                              14,029              21,167
      Non-current liabilities                                                          40,132              41,214
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    150,577             133,400


      Non-controlling interests                                                       100,384              88,933


                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          59,061              94,689


      Expenses                                                                        (30,433)            (40,951)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                          17,177              32,243
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                      11,451              21,495
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                               28,628              53,738
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        21,588              43,782
      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                             (17,678)              2,967


      Net cash inflow                                                                   3,910              46,749




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Nanchang Hongfu

                                                                             31/12/2023    31/12/2022
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                            132,896      110,204
      Non-current assets                                                        171,640      173,322
      Current liabilities                                                        37,609        35,215
      Non-current liabilities                                                    24,307        22,153
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              123,469      115,091


      Non-controlling interests                                                 119,151      111,067


                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                    53,048        48,179


      Expenses                                                                  (36,586)      (35,499)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                     8,378         6,453
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                 8,084         6,227
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                         16,462        12,680
      Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                     —          8,909
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                  26,638        10,712
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                 (1,305)         (106)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                     —        (18,142)


      Net cash inflow (outflow)                                                  25,333        (7,536)




168        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan

                                                                                   31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  198,275             183,068
      Non-current assets                                                               78,107              72,441
      Current liabilities                                                              80,584              47,247
      Non-current liabilities                                                          28,039              24,485
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     67,104              73,511


      Non-controlling interests                                                       100,655             110,266


                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                         322,628             231,238


      Expenses                                                                       (123,646)            (91,811)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                          79,593              55,771
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     119,389              83,656
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              198,982             139,427
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     129,000              70,950
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       201,877             135,868
      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                                (396)               411
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                     (179,000)        (118,250)


      Net cash inflow                                                                  22,481              18,029




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Chongqing Xiyuan

                                                                             31/12/2023    31/12/2022
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                             18,030        15,013
      Non-current assets                                                        122,893      127,613
      Current liabilities                                                        42,461        51,451
      Non-current liabilities                                                     5,365         4,470
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               47,479        44,219


      Non-controlling interests                                                  45,618        42,486


                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                    32,388        28,307


      Expenses                                                                  (25,996)      (24,479)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                     3,260         1,952
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                 3,132         1,876
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                          6,392         3,828
      Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                     —           980
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                  13,631         7,579
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                 (1,226)          (21)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                 (9,848)      (13,165)


      Net cash inflow (outflow)                                                   2,557        (5,607)




170        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development

                                                                                  31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                 106,990             115,433
      Non-current assets                                                             124,165             122,855
      Current liabilities                                                             39,471              38,161
      Non-current liabilities                                                         21,202              25,235
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    85,241              87,446


      Non-controlling interests                                                       85,241              87,446


                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                         88,505              98,629


      Expenses                                                                       (52,915)            (57,207)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                         17,795              20,711
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     17,795              20,711
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              35,590              41,422
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       32,899              33,061
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                      (1,572)             (1,958)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                     (40,000)                 —


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                       (8,673)             31,103




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Changzhou Qifengshan

                                                                                 31/12/2023    31/12/2022
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                179,152      162,661
      Non-current assets                                                             81,453        83,661
      Current liabilities                                                            28,638        28,471
      Non-current liabilities                                                        39,396        33,752
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  154,057      147,280
      Non-controlling interests                                                      38,514        36,819


                                                                                      2023          2022
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        97,578        86,729


      Expenses                                                                      (47,805)      (42,020)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                        39,818        35,767
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     9,955         8,942
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             49,773        44,709
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     8,260         9,487
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                      61,926        51,566
      Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                              159         (3,058)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                    (41,301)      (47,437)


      Net cash inflow                                                                20,784         1,071




172        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

      The statement of financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                  31/12/2023       31/12/2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current Asset
      Interest in subsidiaries                                                            1                   1


                                                                                          1                   1


      Current assets
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                  637,485             796,637
      Bank balances and cash                                                          23,571              18,372


                                                                                     661,056             815,009


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                         2,381                196
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                     71,674              72,368
      Borrowings                                                                     200,000                  —


                                                                                     274,055              72,564


      Net current assets                                                             387,001             742,445



      Total assets less current Liabilities                                          387,002             742,446



      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                  142,148             142,148
      Reserves (Note)                                                                244,854             600,298


      Total equity                                                                   387,002             742,446




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023       173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023


45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY — continued

      Note:

                                                   Treasury           Share           Special    Accumulated
                                                     shares        premium*           reserve         losses            Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000

      At January 1, 2022                            (259,669)      1,258,234           79,667         (248,060)        830,172
      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                              —                —                —           (2,667)           (2,667)
      Dividends recognized as distributions               —          (230,159)              —               —          (230,159)
      Shares purchased by trustee and
        dividend receipt under the
        restricted share incentive scheme              4,840               —                —               —             4,840
      Repurchase and cancellation of
        shares                                            —            (1,888)              —               —            (1,888)


      At December 31, 2022                          (254,829)      1,026,187           79,667         (250,727)        600,298


      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                              —                —                —           (7,879)          (7,879)
      Dividends recognized as distributions               —          (355,033)              —               —          (355,033)
      Shares purchased by trustee and
        dividend receipt under the
        restricted share incentive scheme              7,468               —                —               —             7,468


      At December 31, 2023                          (247,361)        671,154           79,667         (258,606)        244,854


      *       Pursuant to section 34 of the Companies Law of Cayman Islands (2003 Revision) and the Articles of Association of the
              Company, share premium of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders subject to a solvency on the
              Company and the provision of the Articles of Association of the Company.




174        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2023
                                                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                    2019          2020          2021            2022            2023
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                        1,850,574     1,892,537     2,325,848        2,171,626     2,628,029
Operating expenditures
Staff costs                                     (416,125)     (385,805)     (469,616)        (463,624)     (506,360)
Construction costs                               (72,897)      (76,495)     (167,358)        (123,266)     (123,086)
Consumed materials and goods                    (141,477)     (149,109)     (177,538)        (162,065)     (188,935)
Outsourced service costs                         (54,418)      (52,906)      (53,122)         (55,417)        (62,160)
Marketing and sales channel costs                (38,671)      (36,072)      (43,986)         (43,155)        (48,899)
Depreciation and amortisation                   (123,170)     (136,713)     (146,734)        (155,953)     (166,609)
Other general operating expenditures            (139,039)     (133,406)     (197,643)        (153,616)     (171,530)
Inventory changes                                  4,564         5,872        28,448           17,035          11,708
Impairment losses under expected
  credit loss model (“ECL”), net of
  reversal                                            —              —         (3,821)         (1,238)            41


Profit from operations                           869,341       927,903     1,094,478        1,030,327     1,372,199
Other income, gains and losses                    88,632        61,707       103,580           74,293          85,183
Share of (loss) profit of joint ventures            (176)             4      (11,577)          (7,407)        (18,436)
Finance costs                                    (11,128)        (9,525)       (7,246)         (5,008)         (7,392)


Profit before taxation                           946,669       980,089     1,179,235        1,092,205     1,431,554
Income tax expense                              (211,350)     (222,784)     (289,591)        (281,476)     (455,638)


Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                   735,319       757,305       889,644          810,729         975,916



Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                            578,579       620,064       720,033          658,596         791,240
Non-controlling interests                        156,740       137,241       169,611          152,133         184,676


                                                 735,319       757,305       889,644          810,729         975,916



                                              RMB cents     RMB cents      RMB cents       RMB cents     RMB cents
Earnings per share
— Basic                                             25.9          27.4          31.6             29.0            34.8



— Diluted                                           25.7          27.3          31.6             29.0            34.8




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023       175
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                  As at December 31,
                                               2019           2020           2021          2022         2023
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

Assets and liabilities
Total assets                               5,985,620      6,678,175    7,405,450       7,815,891   8,667,787
Total liabilities                         (1,400,407)    (1,536,089)   (1,733,130)   (1,701,887)   (2,093,923)


                                           4,585,213      5,142,086    5,672,320       6,114,004   6,573,864


Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                  4,043,070      4,567,881    5,043,440       5,475,758   5,920,055
Non-controlling interests                    542,143       574,205       628,880        638,246      653,809


                                           4,585,213      5,142,086    5,672,320       6,114,004   6,573,864




176         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                                    DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“AGM”                              the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on May 23, 2024

“Alliance Rise”                    Alliance Rise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Hong
                                   Kong on May 8, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                   wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu

“Anhui Longmen Cemetery”           a cemetery in Suzhou of Anhui Province and operated by Anhui Longmen
                                   Cultural Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (安 徽 龍 門 文 化 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                   Company

“Annual Report”                    this annual report dated March 22, 2024 of the Company

“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”     a cemetery in Anyang of Henan Province and operated by Anyang Fu Shou
                                   Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.* (安 陽 福 壽 園 民 生 服 務 有 限 公 司), formerly
                                   known as Anyang Wulong Civil Service Co., Ltd* (安陽縣五龍民生服務有限
                                   公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                   subsidiary of the Company

“Articles of Association”          the amended and restated articles of association of the Company adopted
                                   on May 25, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                                   time to time)

“ASP”                              Average unit selling price

“Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Company

“Auxiliary services”               auxiliary services includes provision of landscape and garden design
                                   services and production and sales of cremation machine and the related
                                   maintenance service

“Board” or “Board of Directors”    the board of Directors

“CG Code”                          the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                   Rules

“Changchun Huaxia Cemetery”        a cemetery in Changchun City of Jilin Province and operated by
                                   Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (長春華夏陵園有限公司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC

“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Changzhou City of Jiangsu Province and operated by
                                   Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (常州棲鳳山國際
                                   人文陵園有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                   PRC and a subsidiary of the Company




                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023      177
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”            a cemetery in Chaoyang County of Liaoning Province and operated by
                                        Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有
                                        限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this Annual
                                        Report, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
                                        and Taiwan

“Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”       Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Service Co. Ltd.* (重慶福壽元生
                                        命科技服務有限公司), formerly known as Chongqing Anle Funeral Services
                                        Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 殯 儀 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited company established
                                        under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing Anle Services”               Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Chongqing Baitayuan”                   a cemetery in Yongchuan of Chongqing Municipality and operated by
                                        Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶白塔
                                        園殯葬開發有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing FSY Group”                   Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 福 壽 園 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                        formerly known as Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福
                                        壽 園 實 業 有 限 公 司), a company established in the PRC on January 18,
                                        2011. It is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Companies Act”                         the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961) of the Cayman Islands (as
                                        amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Company”, “our Company”,               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (福壽園國際集團有限公司), a
  “Fu Shou Yuan”                        limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
                                        Islands on January 5, 2012

“Compliance Committee”                  the compliance committee of the Company

“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“EIT Law”                               the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax

“FSG Holding”                           FSG Holding Corporation, a company incorporated in BVI on December 6,
                                        2011 and one of the Company’s Shareholders




178         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                                        DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“FSY Hong Kong”                        Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company
                                       incorporated in HK on October 10, 2011. It is a direct held subsidiary of the
                                       Company

“Global Offering”                      the offering by the Company of its Shares for subscription by the public in
                                       Hong Kong and placing with professional and institutional investors
                                       outside the United States in December 2013

“Grand Fire”                           Grand Fire Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on July
                                       2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), the non-executive
                                       Director

“Group”, “our Group”, “us”, “we” or    the Company and its subsidiaries
  “Fu Shou Yuan Group”

“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”           a cemetery in Fangchenggang City of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
                                       Region and operated by Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.* (廣西華
                                       祖園投資有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                       PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2017

“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”       a cemetery in Tieling City of Liaoning Province and operated by Liaoning
                                       Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園
                                       林公墓有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC
                                       and a subsidiary of the Company

“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”                 Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (正安縣福壽園實業有限公司),
                                       formerly known as Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (貴州
                                       天圓山殯儀服務有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of
                                       the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”                 a cemetery in Pudong New District of Shanghai (上 海 浦 東 新 區) and
                                       operated by Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co. Ltd.* (上海南院
                                       實業發展有限公司), a company established in the PRC and a subsidiary of
                                       the Company

“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”           a cemetery in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province and operated by Harbin
                                       Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司), a limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                       Company

“Hefei Dashushan Co.” or “Hefei        Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公
  Dashushan”                           司), a company established in the PRC on February 22, 2002, owned as to
                                       40% by Chongqing FSY Group, 40% by Hefei Shushan Martyr Cemetery
                                       Management Department* (合 肥 蜀 山 烈 士 陵 園 管 理 處), and 20% by
                                       Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. It is an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                       the Company




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2023        179
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”             a cemetery in Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and
                                        operated by Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古福壽
                                        園 實 業 有 限 公 司), formerly known as Helingeer County Anyou Ecological
                                        Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (和林格爾縣安佑生態紀念陵園有限責任公
                                        司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”                    a cemetery in Longhu Town, Xinzheng city of Henan Province (河南省新鄭
                                        市龍湖鎮) and operated by Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (河南
                                        福壽園實業有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Heze Fuluyuan”                         a cemetery in Heze City of Shandong Province and operated by Heze
                                        Fuluyuan Cemetery Management Co., Ltd.* (菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公
                                        司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$” and        Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
  “cents”                               Kong

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“Hongfu”                                Shanghai Hongfu Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (上海鴻福投資發展有
                                        限 公 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on November
                                        28, 2000 and owned as to 50% by NGO 1 and 50% by NGO 2, one of the
                                        Company’s Shareholders

“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”              a cemetery in Wuhan of Hubei Province and operated by Hubei Tiansheng
                                        Cemetery Co., Ltd.* ( 湖 北 天 聖 公 墓 有 限 公 司 ), a limited company
                                        established under the laws of the PRC and became a subsidiary of the
                                        Company since January 2019

“Jinsha Fuze”                           Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd* (金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司),
                                        formerly known as Jinsha Fuze Binzang Co., Ltd.* (金沙縣福澤殯葬有限責
                                        任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”                a cemetery in Jinzhou City of Liaoning Province and operated by Jinzhou
                                        City Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd.* (錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Last Year”                             the year ended December 31, 2022




180         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2023
                              DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Listing”                    listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”               December 19, 2013, the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                             commence on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                             amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”    A cemetery in Luoyang City of Henan Province and operated by Luoyang
                             Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (洛 陽 仙 鶴 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a
                             limited company established under the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                             Company since January 2017

“Meilin Century Cemetery”    a cemetery in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province acquired and operated by
                             Nanchang Hongfu

“Model Code”                 the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                             set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nanchang Hongfu”            Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.* (南昌洪福人文紀念有限
                             責任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                             subsidiary of the Company

“NGO 1”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Development Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老 齡 事 業 開 發 服 務 中 心), a private non-enterprise unit (民 辦 非 企 業 單 位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social welfare
                             benefits, with an emphasis on facility developments, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“NGO 2”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Consultancy Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老 齡 事 業 諮 詢 服 務 中 心), a private non-enterprise unit (民 辦 非 企 業 單 位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Qingpu Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social
                             welfare benefits, with an emphasis on advisory services, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“Nomination Committee”       the nomination committee of the Company

“Peaceful Field”             Peaceful Field Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                             July 2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生), the
                             executive Director

“Perfect Score”              Perfect Score Group Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in
                             BVI on June 18, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                             wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise




                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2023        181
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Prospectus”                             the prospectus of the Company dated December 9, 2013

“Remuneration Committee”                 the remuneration committee of the Company

“Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”      the restricted share incentive scheme adopted by the Company with effect
                                         from November 29, 2019

“Restricted Shares”                      any Share(s) that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                         participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

“RMB”                                    Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                         Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                         time)

“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”                  Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.* (山東福壽園發展有限公
                                         司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”                  a cemetery in Qingpu District of Shanghai and operated by Shanghai FSY
                                         Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業集團有限公司), formerly known
                                         as Shanghai FSY Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業發展有
                                         限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Zhongfu”                       Shanghai Zhongfu International Trade Co., Ltd.* (上海眾福國際貿易有限公
                                         司), a company established in the PRC. It was a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                         of Zhongfu

“Share Option Scheme”                    the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                         December 3, 2013

“Share(s)”                               ordinary share(s) with a nominal value of US$0.01 each in the share capital
                                         of the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the Share(s)

“sq.m.”                                  square meters

“Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Takeovers Code”                         the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (as amended,
                                         supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)




182          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2023
                                  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Temshine”                       Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.* (北京天泉佳境陵園建築設
                                 計有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and
                                 a subsidiary of the Company since August 2017

“United States”                  the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                 subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “US dollar”             United Stated dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wish and Catch”                 Wish and Catch Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                 June 28, 2013, wholly-owned by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), the chairman
                                 and one of the executive Directors of the Company

“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Wuyuan of Jiangxi Province and operated by Wuyuan
                                 Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company

“Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”            Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福壽園西苑實業
                                 有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                 subsidiary of the Company

“Yan’an Hongfu”                  a cemetery in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and operated by Yan’an Hongfu
                                 Cemetery Co., Ltd* ( 延 安 洪 福 公 墓 有 限 公 司 ), a limited company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Year”                           year ended December 31, 2023

“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”     Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市福
                                 壽 園 殯 葬服務有限公司), formerly known as Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai
                                 Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市山亭興泰殯儀服務有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company since November 2016

“Zhengzhou Anletang”             Zhengzhou Anletang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.* (鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限
                                 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                 subsidiary of the Company

“Zhongfu”                        China Zhongfu Industrial Group Limited* (中國中福實業集團有限公司), a
                                 limited liability company established in the PRC on July 15, 1985 and
                                 directly wholly-owned by Hongfu, and one of the Company’s Shareholders




                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2023        183
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”                         a cemetery in Zhangjiakou city of Hebei Province and operated by Zhuolu
                                             Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development Management Co. Ltd* (涿鹿隆
                                             暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司), a limited company established under the
                                             laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“%”                                          per cent

*     Denotes English translation or transliteration of the name of a Chinese company or entity or vice versa and is provided for
      identification purposes only.




184        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2023
