CONTENTS     2   Corporate Information

             4   Chairman’s Statement

             7   Management Discussion and Analysis

            27   Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

            33   Directors’ Report

            48   Corporate Governance Report

            60   Independent Auditor’s Report

                 Consolidated Financial Statements

            65     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                      Other Comprehensive Income

            66     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

            68     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

            69     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

            72     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

           183   Financial Summary

           185   Definitions and Glossary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     COMPANY SECRETARY
Executive Directors                                    Ms. Hu Yi
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)                     Mr. Bai Xiaojiang
                                                       Ms. Hu Yi
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng                                         REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                             Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Zhou Lijie                                         Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                       P.O. Box 1350
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qunlin                                        Grand Cayman KY1-1108
 (resigned with effect from December 9, 2022)          Cayman Islands
Mr. Luo Zhuping
                                                       HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       Room 1306
Mr. Chen Xin                                           No. 88 Cao Xi Road North
                                                       Shanghai
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        China 200030
Mr. Ho Man (Chairman)
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                        HONG KONG
Mr. Chen Xin                                           Unit 709, 7/F
                                                       K. Wah Centre
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                       191 Java Road
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
                                                       North Point
Mr. Wang Jisheng
Mr. Chen Qunlin                                        Hong Kong
 (resigned with effect from December 9, 2022)
                                                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Luo Zhuping
                                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
 (appointed with effect from December 9, 2022)         Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                       P.O. Box 1350
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Mr. Luo Zhuping (Chairman)                             Cayman Islands
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an
Mr. Chen Qunlin                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
 (resigned with effect from December 9, 2022)          TRANSFER OFFICE
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
 (appointed with effect from December 9, 2022)         Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                       Hopewell Centre
COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE
Ms. Liang Yanjun (Chairman)                            183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. Chen Qunlin                                        Wanchai
 (resigned with effect from December 9, 2022)          Hong Kong
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man




2         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Construction Bank of China
Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Bank of Communications
Bank of Shanghai
Citibank, N.A.

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
1448

WEBSITE
www.fsygroup.com




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the Group’s
results of 2022 to all shareholders for review.

The year 2022 was an extraordinary year marked by a volatile international environment, the ongoing novel
coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19) pandemic (the “Pandemic”), intensifying geopolitical conflicts, high inflation,
prominent food and energy issues and a challenging global economy. As for the domestic environment, with the
settled clear direction, China’s economy received strong support and continued its recovery.

In such a complex and volatile environment, the Group still managed to upgrade itself from a comprehensive funeral
service provider to a comprehensive life service operator by leveraging on its comprehensive corporate strength to
keep abreast of the times, and actively expanded into the field of digital life service, thus maintaining its leading
position in the industry by promoting the transformation of life service through technology empowerment, thereby
rounding off the year 2022 with a satisfactory performance. During the Year, the Group recorded revenue of
RMB2,171.6 million, representing a decrease of 6.6% compared with 2021. Net profit was RMB810.7 million,
representing a decrease of 8.9% compared with 2021, of which profit and total comprehensive income attributable
to owners was RMB658.6 million, representing a decrease of 8.5% compared with 2021. The Board proposes a final
dividend of HK7.58 cents per Share for 2022 to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK5.64
cents per Share distributed during the Year, the total dividend for the full year of 2022 is HK13.22 cents per Share,
which is in line with the Group’s committed dividend policy to reward shareholders for the long-term trust and
support.

In 2022, Fu Shou Yuan continued to respond to the national construction of “digital economy”, expanded the
internet thinking and embedded digital technology in traditional businesses. The launch of the “Digital Cemeteries •
Huixin Valley” project marked Fu Shou Yuan’s official entry into the field of digital life services. With the concept of
intensification and ecology, the project effectively solved the contradiction between the scarcity of resources and
the need for passing away in peace. Fu Shou Yuan always actively embraces digital transformation. In particular, it
started its first attempt by introducing online tomb-sweeping service in 2001, adopted QR code technology for
tombstones in 2014 and launched the “Fu Shou Cloud” platform in 2020 when the Pandemic started.

As a company committed to improve people’s livelihood, Fu Shou Yuan has been investing in innovation and
development in recent years while actively fulfilling its corporate social responsibility. Through in-depth exchanges
and cooperation with different parties from more sectors and industries, it aspires to bring the life service business
from the back end to a broader front, thus extending the reach of personalised life services to the general public. To
this end, starting from 2015, Fu Shou Yuan has taken a bold step forward by introducing the concept of “pre-need
contract”, a well-developed pre-need planning business overseas, to the Chinese market for the first time. After
nearly seven years of incubation and development, Fu Shou Yuan has implemented the “pre-need contract” service
in more than ten provinces and nearly 40 cities across China, and has also developed a network tracing
management model with specific responsibilities assigned to designated persons.




4          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On September 29, 2022, Fu Shou Yuan held the first “Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Festival” with industry
characteristics on the basis of various ongoing public welfare projects. Through this platform, the Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan Public Welfare Development Foundation launched the “Family Hospice Program” (家庭病末安寧計劃) and the
“$1,000 Posthumous Care” (千元身後事) public welfare project, thus realizing the vision of providing “hospice care
service” and “free funeral service” for the benefit of the general public. The public welfare festival will be held
successively in more than 40 cities covered by Fu Shou Yuan International Group to pool public welfare resources
from different places and promote value creation from all sides, thereby building a heart-warming public welfare
ecosystem for the whole society. The “Special Fund for Respecting Heroes” jointly established by the Shanghai
Foundation for Supporting the Military and Families, the Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Development
Foundation and the Shanghai Yongfu Charity Foundation aims to specially care for the heroic models of troops
stationed in Shanghai, veterans and other recipients of preferential treatment with practical public welfare projects,
so that glory can be passed down forever, heroes can never walk alone, social preferential treatment projects can
be better reflected, meritorious service honors and awards can be carried forward, and reverence service system
can be optimized.

The Group actively sought the attention of the government, insisted on supporting public welfare, benefiting the
general public, and promoting ecological civilization, prioritized education and construction of facilities, advocated a
new style of funeral etiquette, and actively explored innovation in the area of high-quality funeral services to
continuously meet the needs of the general public for “passing away in peace”. By upholding the idea of party
construction and passing down the party spirit, Fu Shou Yuan will continue to establish an intelligent, efficient,
environmentally friendly and heart-warming life service system to cultivate new culture in the industry.

On October 31, 2022, Fu Shou Yuan ranked among the top in terms of environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) rating with a Grade AA in the “2022 ESG Rating List of Wind Hong Kong Listed Companies”. As the
representative of sustainable development values, ESG has become a topic of close concern to all sectors of
society. Fu Shou Yuan always combines ESG concept with business development, continuously shares ESG
practice achievements with users, employees and society, further promotes the organic integration of ecological
benefits, social benefits and economic benefits, and realizes high-quality sustainable development. In the future, Fu
Shou Yuan will further enhance its governance, continuously implement the sustainable development strategy and
practice the concept of sustainable development. In terms of environment, it will integrate the concept of green and
environmental protection into every aspect of development, and build an ecological civilization development
framework with lean operation, environmental cremation, green funeral services, ecological tombs, low-carbon
worshipping and landscape cemetery model as the core, so as to promote low-carbon, low-energy consumption
and efficient operation, and contribute to ecological symbiosis and green sustainable development of the industry.
On the social front, it will continue to serve the people’s livelihood, continuously innovate and optimize products,
inherit the urban context, and work tirelessly to meet the people’s needs for a better life.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022            5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

In order to better enhance online memorial products, broaden international horizons and promote the application of
online memorial technologies and services in life service industry, Fu Shou Yuan held an international thematic
exchange meeting with Memories, an Australian company. Representatives of the two parties discussed and
exchanged on the core advantages and product commonality of their respective products. The representatives of
Memories believed that the digital twin products and metaverse commemorative products of the Group are unique
and innovative, and hoped to explore the application of “Cloud Memorial” and other products in the field of life
service together with Fu Shou Yuan in the future, so as to jointly promote the progress of the industry. The products
of Memories emphasize on social attributes and have obvious advantages and unique characteristics in user
experience and product experience, which are worth learning from. In the future, there will be huge market space for
“Online Memorial” products and metaverse commemorative products, and it’s believed that in markets of different
countries, both parties can make good use of the advantages to jointly develop more commemorative products and
seek more cooperation opportunities, so as to make commemorative products more humanistic.

Before the Winter Solstice, Fu Shou Yuan made use of modern internet technology to move funeral services to
JD.com, presenting information on cemetery culture, purchase of funeral supplies, all-year-round tomb-sweeping
service, and pre-need funeral packages (pre-need contracts) in a clear, open and transparent manner. The launch of
Fu Shou Yuan Winter Solstice Service at JD.com is the epitome of changes in Chinese tomb-sweeping culture, and
Chinese funeral and filial piety culture are changing, the traditional form of tomb-sweeping will be more adapted to
modern lifestyle and better reflect the inheritance and continuation of family culture, which will also become an
opportunity for people to strengthen family ties and promote communication among family members.

Looking back, the Group has been adhering faithfully to the original aspiration of “running a good enterprise and
changing the entire industry” and actively pursuing breakthroughs in corporate development, product
transformation and service improvement in order to provide services that are beautiful in the landscape,
sophisticated in technology and rooted in culture. Going forward, Fu Shou Yuan will follow the development
strategy from a funeral service provider to a comprehensive life service operator and extend Fu Shou Yuan from the
earthly realm to the spiritual realm. The Group will also persist in providing and constantly creating high-quality life
services for the general public, strive to become the participant and practitioner of funeral industry reform, follow the
development direction of modern life services, stay true to its original mission and march forward with courage and
diligence. We will persevere through all adversity and hold on to the last.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman




6          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MARKET OVERVIEW

As China advances into a moderately prosperous society in all respects and reaching a new historical starting point,
promoting people’s well-being to a new level and continuously enhancing people’s sense of satisfaction, happiness
and security is becoming the key goals of China’s future development in people’s livelihood. In the new era,
people’s desire for a better life has extended from “life” to “death”. Improving the quality of people’s funeral
services and achieving a “peaceful death” have become the major issues in the field of death care service and have
been promoting the development of China’s death care service industry in depth.

In recent years, the level of China’s urbanization has advanced steadily. According to the latest information
published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, as of the end of 2022, China’s resident population in urban
areas reached 920.71 million, representing an increase of 6.46 million compared to the end of 2021, while the
urbanization rate reached 65.2%, representing an increase by 0.5 percentage point compared with the end of 2021.
In the meantime, population aging has further intensified in China. The number of people aged 60 and above
reached 280.04 million at the end of 2022, accounting for 19.8% of the total population. The number increased by
12.68 million compared to the end of 2021, representing a rise of 0.9 percentage point in its proportion to the overall
population. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the population born in the second birth peak in the 1960s
successively entered old age, resulting in a sharp increase in China’s aging population. In addition, with the
continuous advancement of funeral reforms and customs transforms, the cremation rate of remains in China
continues to increase rapidly. In 2021, 5.966 million bodies were cremated nationwide, with the cremation rate
reaching 58.8%, 3.1 percentage points higher than in 2020. Looking ahead, the acceleration of the new urbanization
process, the aging population trend and the increased cremation rate of remains will continuously give rise to a
massive demand for death care services in the market.

Despite the significant impact on China’s consumer market and the operations of service companies caused by the
Pandemic in 2022, the long-term positive fundamentals of consumer development remained unchanged. With the
optimal implementation of the pandemic prevention and control policies and the orderly recovery of the
consumption scene, the economic activeness of the service industry continued to rise, and the consumer market
continued to recover and improve. In 2022, the disposable income per capita of urban residents was RMB49,283,
representing a nominal growth of 3.9% and an actual growth of 1.9% compared to 2021. In addition, the trend of
consumption upgrading in China has not changed, the residents’ demand for quality continues to increase, the
concept of green and environmental protection has become more popular, and the desire for service consumption
remains strong. As a warm funeral service, while satisfying the basic funeral service needs, we will also meet the
growing diversified and differentiated service requirements of the public with high quality, multi-level service content
and more convenient service scenarios to reflect the humanistic care and emotional comfort for the deceased and
the families of the deceased.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022            7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In recent years, the death care service sector in China has been continuously deepening reform and innovation,
strengthening system construction, and advancing the modernization of the governance system and governance
capacity in death care service. Since 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and governments at all levels have
issued the 14th Five-Year Plan on the Development of Civil Affairs (《「十四五」民政事業發展規劃》), which will further
improve the public death care service system, and improve the government’s ability to provide basic death care
services. It will further accelerate the reinforcement of weaknesses in the death care service facilities and practically
improve the standard of governance in the death care service sector, while further standardizing and strengthening
the management of death care services, standardizing the business conduct of death care intermediaries and
service providers, and establishing a sound and comprehensive regulatory mechanism. Besides, the Regulations on
Funeral and Interment Control (《殯葬管理條例》) has been included in the legislative work plan of the Ministry of
Civil Affairs and its revision is being actively promoted. The revision of the Regulations on Funeral and Interment
Control will deepen the death care reform, improve the death care service system, and help rectify the chaos in the
industry. It further standardizes death care behaviors, strengthens death care management for legal protection,
promotes the market-oriented and standardized development of the industry, and ultimately achieves the long-term
healthy growth of the death care service industry in the PRC. The Group expects there will be a higher entry barrier
for both new and existing participants in the death care service industry. As a distinguished death care service
provider and a leader of the industry in China, we have always been at the forefront of the industry in terms of
compliance with the law, and we believe the regulation will create a better environment with fair competition and
adequate room for sustainable development. We will continue our efforts in directing the development of the
industry and better serve the general public through our services that meet both of their intellectual and cultural
needs.

The “Decentralization-Control-Service” reform is also being steadily implemented. In March 2022, the State Council
issued the Guiding Opinions on Accelerating the Standardization, Normalization and Facilitation of Government
Services (《關 於 加 快 推 進 政 務 服 務 標 準 化 規 範 化 便 利 化 的 指 導 意 見》), which continues to optimize government
services, constructs a new development layout, accelerates the transforming of government functions, deepens the
“Decentralization-Control-Service” reform, continues to optimizes the operational environment, strengthens the
cross-level, cross-region, cross-system, cross-department and cross-business collaborative management and
services. In June 2022, the China Social News (《中國社會報》) governed by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC
published a signed article, suggesting that it is necessary to accelerate the “Decentralization-Control-Service”
reform in the death care service industry to clearly delineate between public welfare and the market, in order to
completely solve the problem of the separation of public welfare and commercial death care service agencies. In
October 2002, the State Council printed and distributed the Notice of the Key Task Division Plan for the 10th
National Video and Telephone Conference on Deepening the Reform of “Decentralization, Regulation and Service”
(《第十次全國深化「放管服」改革電視電話會議重點任務分工方案的通知》), which specifies and implements each
“Decentralization-Control-Service” measure. The market regulation directions of the government and the
“Decentralization-Control-Service” reform will further stimulate market vitality, which will be beneficial for the Group
to make more positive contributions to the death care service industry.




8          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

With regards to scientific funeral and burial, in December 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the 14th Five-Year
Plan on the Development of the Digitalization of Civil Affairs (《「十四五」民政信息化發展規劃》), which serves as a
proactive effort to establish a nationwide digitalized platform for death care management services, to build a
fundamental national database for digitalized death care information, and to improve the digitalized standards of
death care management services. Promoting the integration of the internet and death care services and developing
new service modes of such as remote funerals and online worshipping, it aims to provide more convenient death
care services for the public. In the same month, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued Specifications for Online
Worshipping Services (《 網 絡 祭 祀 服 務 規 範》), which sets out the basic requirements for providing online
worshipping services, service procedure, and standards for online memorial halls and its evaluation and
improvement. According to incomplete statistics, during the Qingming Festival in 2022, over 21 million people
participated in online worshipping, representing an increase of 192% compared with the same period of Last Year.
The internet is advancing the transformation service and upgrading of death care services from traditional to
modern. “Internet + death care” empowers death care services with information technology. It is accelerating the
standardization of death care services and boosting the high-quality development of death care services. “To use
the scientific ways of thinking and approach to give the deceased dignity, and use modern technology to enhance
death care with more humane and high-end services” will be the future development direction of the death care
industry.

As the economic development of the PRC enters a new era, people’s demands are gradually moving from
“availability” to “quality”. In the death care service sector, given the increasing disposable income per capita,
government’s vigorous promotion of traditional Chinese culture and virtues, accelerating urbanization progress, an
aging population and the cremation rate of remains in the PRC in recent years, these trends not only underlie the
increase in overall demand for death care services, but also demonstrate the requirements for better death care
service quality and the diversification and differentiation of the substance of death care services. With the
acceleration of China’s population aging, the death care industry is gradually incorporated into the coordination,
development, and planning of the entire elderly service industry to facilitate the development of each “elderly”
service industry in a coordinated manner. In addition, a multilayered social service security system, led by the
government with contribution from the society, has been established to stimulate market entities to direct social
energy towards livelihood service security in an orderly manner, thereby proactively advancing the structural reform
of the supply side of death care services. It secures the basic livelihood requirements and satisfies the demand for
multilayered and diversified death care services at the same time. These driving factors are set to boost the in-depth
and stable development of the death care service industry in the PRC.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022            9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS COMMENTARY

During the Year, the international environment has become more complex and challenging given the intensified
international geographical conflicts, increasingly volatile commodity market and continuous rate hike by the Federal
Reserve. Meanwhile, sporadic Pandemic outbreaks were seen in many places in the PRC, when the Pandemic has
spread to many provinces in the PRC, with the service industry and consuming market taking a big hit. However, as
the implementation of Pandemic prevention policies were optimized and the policies to promote consumption
began to take effect, the service industry and the consuming market have been on a track of resumption. In 2022,
the country’s GDP reached RMB121,020.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0% on constant price
basis, and the overall economy is presenting a stable and resuming trend and is expected to continue rebound
growth in 2023.

During the Year, certain cemeteries and death care service facilities of the Group are located in cities affected by the
Pandemic and have implemented different degrees of pandemic prevention policies, including stationary
management, as a result of which the regular operating activities of death care services have been restricted to
different degrees. The Group prioritizes on assuring the safety of our customers and employees, and strictly
complies with various Pandemic prevention policies and regulations, enabling all subsidiaries to weather through the
Pandemic. During the same time, the Group concentrated on sustainable and fast development amidst the new era
and environment. We explore in the dual dimension of both market and product, making efforts in multiple fronts
including service expansion, technology leadership and cultural innovation, thereby satisfying the diversified and
differentiated consumer needs of customers, especially on the spiritual front. In addition, our “Fu Shou Yuan Life
Service Academy” has enhanced its front-tier research on industry and policy system, which allows us to capitalize
on talent nurturing and business empowering.

In relation to cemeteries and funeral facilities, as the Group extend the strategy from China’s leading funeral service
provider to China’s leading funeral and life technology service provider, the design and construction of our burial
facilities have also made new breakthroughs via concept exploration and technological innovation, which includes
the iteration and upgrades of existing cemetery products, the R&D progression in the new generation of products
represented by “Huixin Valley”, a thematic cemetery, as well as the refinement of the engineering management
system represented by “Engineering Procurement Construction” (“EPC”).




10        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

On the one hand, we continued to explore the local culture and integrate our regional culture into the design of our
products across the country to enrich the cultural thickness of our products and display the cultural charm of our
products. In our cemetery in Henan Province, we have planned and built thematic areas, which manifest the culture
of the Central Plains across the board from the implantation of cultural aspects to the design of individual products,
with rich cultural connotations. On the other hand, we have made fruitful design exploration in the three-dimensional
space of our products. In our cemetery in Shanghai, the thematic areas we developed have realized a breakthrough
of our products from two-dimensional space to three-dimensional space. In our cemeteries in Liaoning and
Heilongjiang provinces, we have planned thematic areas to maximize the value of spatial resources through the
vertical integration of land resources. In addition to iterations and upgrades of existing burial products, we further
extended the definitions of our products from mere tombstone and burial place to a well-rounded consumer
environment with the integration of settings, services and experience. We have accordingly developed our
specialized design of ceremony burial space and divided the cemetery into different burial sceneries with unique
styles and themes, which not only provides clients with scenic setup for their burial ceremony, but also becomes
trending “Check-in Spot” people talk about, further increasing the overall value of the Group’s products. In addition,
empowered by digital facilities, the Huixin Valley Project in Shanghai Cemetery introduced a new concept of next
generation cemetery products, taking a solid step to develop our contemporary cemetery of humanistic memorial
into digital life park of the future. The park did not only increase land utilization rate through stereoscopic space
design, but also, through the innovation of crystal tombs, bridged the gap between tomb cemetery and art, making
a quantum leap from physical product to an emotional one. In addition, empowered by various technologies,
including intelligent interactive screens, digitalized Nine Ceremonies and other intelligent tomb-sweeping services
as well as the digital backup of online cemetery, “Huixin Valley” is preliminarily equipped to enter the “Metaverse”.
Leveraging on the integration of contemporary landscape and the new concept of life services, and the
industry-appropriate and contemporary innovation, “Huixin Valley” stands out from the rest of the world and has
been awarded the IDA International Design Award 2022.

During the Year, Temshine, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, gradually implemented the EPC model across
the Group, which, through experimentation and analysis for a time, promoted our construction quality to a certain
level. The implementation of EPC model fully demonstrates the advantages of Group’s internal resources
integration, which significantly reduced the communication cost between design and construction, increased
management efficiency of the whole process of the engineering program and minimized uncontrollable factors.
Looking ahead, the refining EPC model can also provide services to projects outside of the Group, and gradually
develop professional agent construction business for burial and funeral facilities. With the growing demand for
constructing burial and funeral facilities in the PRC, the establishment and development of EPC model is a positive
driving force of and serves strategic value for exploring new service contents of the Group in the future and driving
increase in new values.

In relation to the funeral services business, we continued to focus on anti-corrosion cosmetics, body SPA,
environmental-friendly paper coffins and ceremony services. We adhere to the service concept of “a new look for
the remains”, and continued to promote services regarding the remains, innovative services and novel items as we
enhance technological and cultural connotations to fulfill the differentiated and diversified service demands of
clients and lead the development of the industry. At the same time, we further expanded and optimized the scope
and process of centralized procurement, and actively promoted the strategy of cultural and creative products.
Through cultural and brand empowering of traditional funeral equipment, we successfully pushed forward the
transformation from “practical products” to “cultural and creative products”, thus improving customers’
consumption experience and satisfaction.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Against the backdrop of regular Pandemic prevention and control during the Year, we accelerated the R&D and
market validation of our online products on the internet. Steered by our digitization strategy, firstly, the iterative
computing of our Cloud Memorial online service platform opened up the SaaS backend platform, which satisfied the
personalized management needs of each cemetery and enhanced the data usage. The number of visits to the
service platform for the Year hit a record high of over 1.5 million; secondly, the digitalized funeral products have
been enhanced to complete the standard burial rituals process and enrich the content use template and operation
automation system, which can provide customers with a perceptible, empathetic and expressive online memorial
platform for attending and mourning when their relatives are unable to arrive at the funeral for various reasons;
thirdly, we continued to optimize and improve cloud memorial services by completing the transformation from online
tomb-sweeping to online memorial, with the iterative computing of the service platform, integrating multiple sectors
such as online tomb-sweeping, online photo album, online obituary, online livestreaming, online communal
memorial and online blessing, etc., as well as adding and upgrading various functions such as generating life
micro-films, restoring old photos, documenting life stories and digital memorial halls, to fulfill various memorial and
worshipping needs of customers under the Pandemic. In addition, by combining traditional culture and modern
ceremony empowered with technology, we effectively pushed forward the transition of funeral and mourning rituals
from a traditional material level to a deeper spiritual level; fourthly, in response to the impact of the Pandemic, the
update and iterative computing of Online Wake provided customers with an online wake solution, focusing on
solving problems such as relatives not being able to get to the funeral and the scarcity of offline memorial
resources. The combination of traditional and modern technology has effectively enhanced the engagement of
relatives and the convenience of use. Furthermore, Shanghai Fushouyun Life Information Technology Co. Ltd.* (上海
福壽雲生命信息科技有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, was invited to join the Shanghai AI Industry
Association as the first member of the association from the funeral industry in October 2022.

As an important strategic pivot of the Group, pre-need contract services help the Group to lock in customers earlier
and bring a stable customer base to the funeral and cemetery segments. In the context of an aging society,
pre-need contract services attract more customers wishing to make their after-death arrangements earlier, and have
also gained the recognition, support and service orders from governments at all levels and elderly service
institutions. Although the resurgence of the Pandemic during the Year has brought various challenges to the
pre-need contract business, it still reached a new high with a total of 16,759 signed contracts in 2022, representing
an increase of 21.8% over Last Year (2021: 13,764 contracts). At the same time, we have also seen the social
restructuring and the changes in the public’s logical thinking for making decisions brought by the Pandemic, as well
as the profound impacts it brought on businesses and policies: firstly, people’s understanding and acceptance of
pre-need planning services have been further enhanced, which makes it easier for the multi-channel promotion of
contract products. We also opened the first flagship store on JD online shopping mall; secondly, the expectation of
business institutions and governmental organizations for a stable supply has further increased, and we have
achieved business cooperation with elderly care institutions, communities, the Red Cross, the aid station and
retirement council, etc. on a number of occasions; thirdly, the content of and demand for services have further
expanded, as the public and social institutions have diversified demands for our professional services such as
hospice care and mourning therapy, for which we are researching such products to satisfy the diversified and
differentiated demands of customers. In addition, the pre-need contract service system could provide prompt and
high quality services to our customers in all circumstances, which is highly regarded by our customers. The supply
capacity of the entire service system has also been further validated and optimised. We will integrate more funeral
service providers through the export of our business model to create a larger and denser service coverage network,
so as to serve the public more quickly and extensively.




12        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Group’s eco-friendly cremation machine business integrates R&D, design, in-house production, comprehensive
support and after-sales service to manufacture smart and eco-friendly cremation equipment and exhaust gas
purification treatment systems. During the Year, we focused on the innovation and environment protection of
products. Through self-development and collaborated research with Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Tongji
University respectively, which introduced big data artificial intelligence and fuzzy control technology, we continued
to improve and enrich the product quality and functions of the “Jiesheng” smart and eco-friendly cremation
equipment and exhaust gas purification treatment systems. We achieved key technological breakthroughs and
obtained 16 utility model patents. On the other hand, as a part of our effort to expand the overseas market, we have
further entered into sales cooperation agreements with distributors for cremators, exhaust system and certain
ancillary equipment during the Year, and successfully delivered eight sets of eco-friendly cremators to overseas
customers, which made “Jiesheng” go abroad to promote the products in the global market. The Group will
continue to keep a close eye on the market, focusing on its target markets in line with growing demands, as the
Group further invests in R&D through devoting more resources to the marketing and promotion of our eco-friendly
cremators, in order to continue to improve production quality and service system construction, constantly optimize
product costs and increase market share.

In relation to the expansion of our cemetery and funeral business, the Group continued to expand its presence into
key regions and key cities, seeking replicable models for rapid development by means of mergers and acquisitions
of high-quality development as well as innovative drivers of mixed reform projects and cooperative projects. During
the Year, the Group has completed the acquisition of the remaining 10% equity interest in Liaoning Guanlingshan
Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司), and the Group now has 100% equity
interest in the project. As the project is an important strategic presence in the Northeast region of the PRC, the
Group will continue to enhance its all-round support to promote the overall business quality and competitiveness of
the project. The Group has also completed the second capital injection in the amount of RMB20 million in Zhuolu
Yuanbaoshan, after which the Group’s shareholding in this project has reached 51%. The project is located at the
juncture of Beijing and Zhangjiakou in Hebei, with Zhangjiakou and Northern Beijing region as the target market. The
acquisition represents the first strategic presence of the Group in Hebei and surrounding areas of Beijing, as well as
an important step in advancing the Group’s strategic plans in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region. In addition, we have
entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Civil Affairs Bureau of Wenshan Zhuang and Miao
Autonomous Prefecture in Yunnan. This cooperation provides the Group a strong position in terms of market
services with extensive geographical advantage in Yunnan, allowing us to accelerate our plan to deepen our
presence in major provinces in the southwest region. Furthermore, steady progress continues to be made on the
Group’s plan of expanding into other major provinces and blank areas across the country, and the Group will further
enhance its cooperation with the government and governmental platforms, achieving the synergistic development of
all areas with integrated resources of various business segments. As of now, our footprint covers over 40 cities in 19
provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC, including Shanghai, Henan, Chongqing, Anhui,
Shandong, Liaoning, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Guangxi, Beijing, Guizhou, Inner
Mongolia, Gansu, Hubei and Hebei, including our cemeteries and facilities under operation in major cities across 16
provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, we continued to strengthen team building, improve operational structure, advance the
standardization of business processes and enhance systematic construction. We will continue to enhance our
comprehensive budget management and internal control and promote the optimization of financial structure.
Employees are our most valuable resource. Adhering to Fu Shou Yuan’s business philosophy, our employees
endeavor to enhance personal skills and develop international exposure, striving to provide the best quality
products and services to our customers. Since 2021, the Group has introduced external professional consultancy
forces to commence strategy and management reform, optimized the two-wheel drive organization construction
with a customer and product orientation, established employee management and professional dual-channel ranking
system, established the “Top-class Employee System”, and enriched the award and incentive systems for
employees. In addition, the Group introduced a scientific “Personal Performance Commitment Plan”, which is a
performance management system driven by value targets, customer targets, management targets, social targets
and staff targets, promoting the team and the Group to develop a strategic vision with shared goals. During the
Pandemic, both employees and the teams have remained stable, and the Group has continuously introduced
high-level personnel with international visions and modern management philosophy to enlarge the fast-developing
business footprints.

“Fu Shou Yuan Life Service Academy” acts as the Group’s “industry culture leader, industry talent cultivator,
industry exchange promoter, and industry culture innovator”. Focusing on industry development hotspots and policy
theory research, Fu Shou Yuan Life Service Academy proactively created a new teaching mode combining online
and offline, building the “Business College”, “Industry College” and “Social College” of Fu Shou Yuan Life Service
Academy. At the “Business College” level, it focused on participant training and linear training in order to promote
business empowerment and effect permeability. At the “Industry College” level, it joined the National Civil Affairs
Vocational Education Teaching Steering Committee, the National Funeral Standardization Technical Committee, the
Judging Committee and the Expert Committee, and participated in projects such as the preparation of industry
teaching materials, project studies, case shortlisting and the establishment of training rooms in tertiary institutions. It
also conducted the collaboration of co-organizing schools with China’s industry schools, and the formulation of
business standard and the organization of skills competition, etc. With the establishment of the Liji College of
Further Education (禮濟進修學院), it will be able to nurture and incubate talents from within and outside the industry
in the future by providing academic education. At the level of “Social College”, it made in-depth research on the Life
Caring Project and the research and development of the related curriculum to explore a new approach for the
socialization and popularization of life education. In terms of “international exchange”, Fu Shou Yuan Life Service
Academy has established amicable relationships with numerous international funeral industry associations and
institutions, such as International Funeral Association (FIAT-IFTA), International Cemetery, Cremation and Funeral
Association (ICCFA), National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA), Australasian Cemeteries and Crematoria
Association (ACCA), Australian Funeral Directors Association (AFDA), Latin American Association of Cemeteries and
Funeral Services (ALPAR), Sindicato de Cemitérios e Crematórios Particulares do Brasil (SINCEP), Funeral Service
Association of Canada (FSAC), Mongolian Funeral Association, Philippine Mortuary Association, Singapore Funeral
Association, and Funeral Culture Study Society of Japan. It held various online international-themed networking
sessions for regular exchange, where the associations discussed together the hot and difficult issues of the industry
development covering various topics, such as posthumous care, consumer psychology in the post-epidemic era,
service innovation, talent recruitment, cross-border marketing, internet memorial and socialization, sustainable
development, digital estate processing and business model innovation of the funeral industry, to explore solutions to
improve the quality of life service business in the post-epidemic era. In terms of international exchange and
communication, we took the initiative to “go global” and organized to attend the International Convention & Expo for
Funeral Industry (國際殯葬行業年會暨博覽會) in the US and Australia. By adhering to the strategic policy of “going
global and bringing in”, we spread the image of the Chinese industry in line with the strategic direction of



14         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

internationalization while keeping up with international standards. In terms of “bringing in”, we have reached a
cooperation intention with a U.S. supplier for product introduction and anti-corruption training, as well as a number
of international product and service providers for product innovation. In terms of international school collaboration,
we together with Worsham College in the USA and National Funeral Directors Association University achieved the
introduction and implementation of embalming courses, ceremony planner courses and other skill certificates as
well as talent training partnership programmes in order to enhance the professional abilities and international visions
of mortuary workers.

The Group continued to uphold our “people-oriented and culture-rooted” philosophy. Abiding by the development
strategy of extending Fu Shou Yuan from the earthly realm to the spiritual realm, we promoted the transformation of
life services from material level to spiritual level and provided services to promote Chinese family culture. During the
Year, there were about approximately 47,000 media reports related to the Group and the daily average value of
Baidu information index reached 13,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 90%. The public generally
approved of the transformation of Fu Shou Yuan from a funeral service provider to an integrated life service
operator, promoting innovative spiritual services such as “online tomb-sweeping” (雲祭掃), “online memorial” (雲紀
念), digital cemetery, digital collection, etc. Humanistic memories were valued, and charitable actions, the
dissemination of life education philosophy and the stories of funerary practitioners were liked by netizens. In
January 2022, Fu Shou Yuan released the premiere limited editions of the “Wu Mengchao’s Autograph
English-Chinese Dictionary” (吳 孟 超 親 筆 簽 名 英 漢 字 典) as a digital collection and launched the “Fu Shou Yuan
Qingming Festival Digital Cultural Collection” (福壽園清明節數字文化收藏品) with Shanghai Stamp, Coin and Card
Exchange Corp. Ltd. during the Qingming festival, representing the devotion of Fu Shou Yuan to the development
and research on cultural and creative products as well as digital assets, its efforts of endowing life with the meaning
of breaking through time and space and the continuation of spirit. In May, the Humanities Memorial Park of Fu Shou
Yuan was included in the Shanghai Red Resource Directory (First Batch). In June, the Humanities Memorial
Museum of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan co-organized the “Sages and Shanghai’s Urban Memory” (先賢與上海城市記
憶) forum, interpreting the connection between Shanghai and the great spirit of the founding of the Communist
Party in various perspectives. In September, the Group held the first Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Festival with
industry-specific features in conjunction with its ongoing public welfare projects. Fu Shou Yuan launched its first
public welfare IP, “You Fu Xiang” (有福相), and initiated two public welfare projects, “Family Hospice Program” (家
庭病末安寧計劃) and “$1,000 Posthumous Care” (千元身後事) in the festival. In addition, we formed public welfare
partnerships with numerous institutions to unite a wider range of social organizations, families and individuals to
build a warm public welfare ecosystem for the whole society. Fu Shou Yuan’s performance in public welfare and
active social responsibility have been widely recognized, including the “Top 10 Public Welfare Projects of the Year”
from the Shanghai Public Welfare Selection, the “Poverty Alleviation Model of the Year Award” from the China
Charity Festival and the “Top 10 Influential Public Welfare Projects of the Year” from the 5th Social Responsibility
Conference.

In view of the above, although the Group was inevitably affected by the Pandemic and our performance was
temporarily impacted during the Year, our business has shown a rapid recovery trend after the Pandemic and
following the optimization of prevention and control policy, demonstrating innovation and development of various
business segments continuously. During the Year, the total revenue of the Group recorded RMB2,171.6 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 6.6% as compared to Last Year. Profit and comprehensive income
attributable to the owners of the Company recorded RMB658.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately
8.5% as compared to Last Year.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

REVENUE

During most time of the Year, sporadic Pandemic outbreaks were seen in many cities in the PRC and a couple of
our cemeteries and funeral facilitates were impacted to varying degrees, our revenue decreased by RMB154.2
million or 6.6% to RMB2,171.6 million from RMB2,325.8 million of Last Year. We derive our revenue primarily from
three business segments: burial services, funeral services and other services. The following table sets forth our
revenue by segment for the Year:

                                                        2022                                   2021
                                                Revenue           % of Total          Revenue           % of Total
                                              (RMB’000)             Revenue         (RMB’000)             Revenue

Burial services                                1,748,898              80.5%          1,907,676              82.0%
Funeral services                                 359,427              16.6%            331,970              14.3%
Other services                                    87,629               4.0%            104,669               4.5%
Inter-segment elimination                        (24,328)             (1.1%)           (18,467)             (0.8%)


Total                                          2,171,626             100.0%          2,325,848            100.0%


BURIAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue from burial services, including revenue from the sale of
burial plots services and other burial services, for the Year:

                                                        2022                                   2021
                                                  No. of                                 No. of
                                             burial plots           Revenue         burial plots          Revenue
                                                                  (RMB’000)                             (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plot services
  Ordinary business plots                         13,254           1,563,023            15,129          1,676,145
  Public welfare plots and tomb
     relocation                                    8,868              25,480             9,547             50,279


                                                  22,122           1,588,503            24,676          1,726,424


Other burial services                                                160,395                              181,252


Total revenue from burial services                22,122           1,748,898            24,676          1,907,676




16          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, in order to cut off the transmission chain as early as possible, many places across the country
pressed the slow-forward button and pause button in a “dynamic zero-COVID policy”, the market demand for burial
services were temporarily restrained due to the restricted social gathering policy. Revenue from sale of burial plots
services for ordinary business purpose decreased by RMB113.1 million or 6.7% as compared to that of Last Year,
and therein sales volume decreased by 1,875 or 12.4%, while ASP increased by 6.4%. During the Year, sale of
public welfare plots and tomb relocation recorded RMB25.5 million, which related mainly to 1) the provision of tomb
relocation and construction services to meet the market demand due to certain governments’ plan to develop local
area and infrastructure construction; and 2) public welfare plots services rendered to the designated people.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue of sale from burial plots services for ordinary business
purpose from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new construction) and comparable cemeteries during the
Year:

                                                        2022                                     2021
                                                 No. of                                   No. of
                                            burial plots           Revenue           burial plots           Revenue
                                                                 (RMB’000)                                (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plots services for
  ordinary business purpose, from:
  Comparable cemeteries*                        12,986            1,550,863              15,053           1,673,111
  Cemeteries related to acquisitions/
     new construction                              268               12,160                  76               3,034


Total revenue from sale of burial
  plots services for ordinary
  business purpose                              13,254            1,563,023              15,129           1,676,145


*     Comparable cemeteries refer to those cemeteries owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2021 to
      December 31, 2022.

During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in comparable cemeteries
decreased by RMB122.2 million or 7.3% as compared to that of Last Year. Its sales volume decreased by 2,067 or
13.7% due to the resurgence of the Pandemic in mainland China. During the Year, especially during the Second
Quarter and the Fourth quarter, many cemeteries’ operation and business performance were impacted with the
temporary reduction in sales volume due to different levels of enhanced pandemic prevention measures and
policies. However, with the alleviation of the Pandemic and the gradual relaxation of the pandemic prevention
policy, as well as the increased brand recognition and product differentiation the market demand has seen to
rebound quickly. The ASP increased by 7.4%, due to the combined effect of products mix and contributions from
various cemeteries. Revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in newly acquired or
newly developed cemeteries increased by RMB9.1 million, mainly due to the full year impact of Anhui Longmen
acquired in August 2021. The ASP of burial plots sold for ordinary business purpose in newly acquired cemeteries
was lower than that of comparable cemeteries, as the cemeteries are located at different regions and these new
cemeteries need time to improve their landscape, enhance the services, strengthen their team and upgrade the
operation gradually, in order to provide high quality services to their customers and to increase the economic return
to the Group. We formulated a systematic operation improvement plan for these new projects to ensure the
achievement of the above goals. Leveraging on our advanced philosophy, extensive management experience in
death care business and a strong team of professionals, those new cemeteries are expected to achieve profitable
growth in the future.


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FUNERAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue from our newly acquired/established and comparable
funeral facilities during the Year:

                                                           2022                                       2021
                                                     No. of                                      No. of
                                                customers               Revenue             customers               Revenue
                                                                      (RMB’000)                                   (RMB’000)

Funeral services, from:
     Comparable facilities*                         65,393               338,917                60,959              325,523
     Facilities related to new
       acquisitions/new construction                 7,781                20,510                 3,323                 6,447


Total revenue from funeral services                 73,174               359,427                64,282              331,970


*      Comparable facilities refer to those funeral facilities owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2021 to
       December 31, 2022.


During the Year, revenue from funeral services increased by RMB27.5 million or 8.3%. The volume of funeral
services increased by 8,892 households or 13.8%, while ASP decreased by RMB252 or 4.9%, mainly because more
basic funeral services were rendered with the establishment of the new facility and expansion of the new services of
the comparable facilities during the Year and fewer high-priced value-added services were rendered due to strict
funeral attendee limits from the local government authorities to curb the outbreak of the Pandemic.

Revenue from comparable funeral facilities and services increased by RMB13.4 million or 4.1%. In particular, its
volume of services increased by 4,434 households or 7.3%, while ASP decreased by approximately 3.0% as
compared to that of Last Year because some of funeral facilities expanded cooperation with local government
thanks to the well-known high-quality services and started to deliver basic farewell ceremony services during the
Year. Revenue from new funeral facilities was mainly contributed by Linquan Jiaheyuan Funeral Facility Co., Ltd.*
(臨泉駕鶴園殯儀館有限公司) (“Linquan Funeral Facility”) constructed and operated by the Group in the middle of
2021. ASP of new funeral facilities was lower than that of the comparable funeral facilities, mainly due to different
funeral services mix i.e. Linquan Funeral Facility was primarily engaged in the provision of basic services which
recorded a lower ASP compared to other value-added services. After the Pandemic was brought under control, with
the resumption of provision of such value-added services, increased service items, improved service quality, and
commencement of marketing activities, the Group’s revenue from funeral services has much room to grow.




18           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

Our cemeteries and funeral facilities under operation are strategically located in major cities across 16 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC. The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from
burial services and funeral services by region during the Year:

                                                      2022                                   2021
                                              Revenue             % of Total          Revenue           % of Total
                                             (RMB’000)             Revenue          (RMB’000)             Revenue

Shanghai                                       964,745               45.8%            997,379               44.5%
Anhui                                          193,146                 9.2%           213,450                9.5%
Liaoning                                       152,228                 7.2%           191,793                8.5%
Shandong                                       127,442                 6.0%            98,855                4.4%
Jiangsu                                        101,940                 4.8%           111,443                5.0%
Jiangxi                                        104,226                 4.9%           122,731                5.5%
Henan                                           92,179                 4.4%           124,785                5.6%
Chongqing                                       94,043                 4.5%            91,423                4.1%
Heilongjiang                                    83,056                 4.0%            88,951                4.0%
Fujian                                          53,302                 2.5%            48,821                2.2%
Guizhou                                         53,041                 2.5%            52,387                2.3%
Zhejiang                                        44,634                 2.1%            43,793                2.0%
Gansu                                           13,447                 0.6%            16,224                0.7%
Inner Mongolia                                  16,291                 0.8%            17,600                0.8%
Guangxi                                         13,279                 0.6%            19,210                0.9%
Hubei                                             1,326                0.1%               801                0.0%


Total                                         2,108,325             100.0%           2,239,646            100.0%


Due to resurgence of Pandemic in the Year (mainly from mid-March to May and during the Fourth quarter), less
gathering of crowds in accordance with relevant pandemic prevention and control policy, many cemeteries and
funeral services’ business were temporarily suspended and market demand reduced for the time being, resulting in
a decrease in revenue. In particular, Shanghai, Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Heinan province where
relatively large scale cemeteries are located were impacted during the Year. Following the alleviation of the
Pandemic and the relaxation of pandemic prevention and control measures from December, the deferred consumer
demands in the cemetery market has seen a rapid pick-up. Revenue and sales volume from one of our cemetery
parks in Shandong province has grown up on the prior year mainly due to the combined effect of continued
investment in the cemetery’s environment, implantation of culture over the years and customers more receptive to
our differentiated products and services.

OTHER SERVICES

Revenue from other services for the Year mainly represented the revenue of approximately RMB31.7 million
generated from our professional design services offered to cemeteries and funeral parlours throughout the nation,
the revenue of approximately RMB19.0 million from the EPC service, revenue from the sale of cremation machines
and other related services of approximately RMB30.1 million, and the revenue of approximately RMB4.7 million
generated from construction service of funeral parlours under the franchise agreements.



                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022         19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING EXPENDITURE

The Group’s operating expenditure, which accounted for 52.6% of total revenue for the Year (Last Year：52.9%),
decreased by RMB90.1 million or 7.3%. During most time of the Year, due to the Pandemic resurgence, the
demand for cemeteries and funeral services in the market experienced temporary decrease. During the Year, the
Group has commenced further structural adjustment on resources with an emphasis on the continuous optimization
of cost structure and the effort in cost reduction and efficiency enhancement which resulted in a decrease in
operating expenditure.

The Group’s staff costs include staff salaries, bonuses and benefits. During the Year, the staff costs decreased by
RMB6.0 million or 1.3%. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the combined effect of optimization of working
structure and remuneration structure of staff during the Pandemic resurgence, partly offset by the increase of staff
from full year operation of newly acquired or constructed companies, such as Anhui Longmen and Linquan Funeral
Facility, and the increase in the social security insurance premium along with the adjustment of the contribution
base.

The construction costs relate to the expenditure in building burial plot products (excluding stone materials) and the
construction cost of funeral parlours under franchise agreements. During the Year, the construction costs
decreased by RMB44.1 million or 26.3%, mainly due to the combined effects of (1) the construction cost of funeral
parlours under franchise agreements decreased by RMB35.4 million due to fewer related services rendered, (2) the
internal EPC services reduced the construction costs from outside companies, and (3) the Group continued to
assess the Pandemic impact and adjust the construction plan during the Year, partly offset by (1) newly acquired or
established companies’ construction costs, and (2) the expenditure incurred on the existing projects inherited from
prior years.

Consumed materials and goods relate to materials and goods consumed when we provide burial, funeral and other
services. They also include the materials and goods consumed when we build burial plots. During the Year, the
consumed materials and goods decreased by approximately RMB15.5 million or 8.7%, mainly due to the decrease
in business activities as a result of the outbreak of the Pandemic.

Marketing and sales channel costs mainly include advertising costs, marketing expenses, and sales commission.
During the Year, the marketing and sales channel costs decreased by RMB0.8 million or 1.9%. Such decrease was
mainly attributable to the combined effect of reduced sales volume due to the Pandemic’s impact and different
sales mix compared to that of Last Year.

Depreciation and amortization increased by RMB9.2 million or 6.3%, mainly due to the commencement of operation
of certain new cemeteries and funeral facilities in the second half of Last Year as well as the newly acquired
companies.

Other general operating expenditures decreased by RMB44.0 million or 22.3%, mainly in line with the reduction in
sales volume and revenue as well as the in-depth cost control measures during the Pandemic.




20         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING PROFIT AND OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing change of revenue and operating expenditure, our operating profit for the Year
decreased by RMB64.2 million or 5.9% compared to Last Year. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our
operating profit and operating profit margin by segment for the Year:

                                                       2022                                     2021
                                            Operating            Operating             Operating           Operating
                                                 Profit       Profit Margin                Profit       Profit Margin
                                            (RMB’000)                                 (RMB’000)

Burial services                                986,017               56.4%            1,058,903                55.5%
Funeral services                                48,357               13.5%                49,596               14.9%
Other services                                       93                 0.1%             (18,240)             (17.4%)
Inter-segment elimination                        (4,140)             17.0%                 4,219              (22.8%)


Total                                        1,030,327               47.4%            1,094,478                47.1%


During the Year, the operating profit margin of burial services increased to 56.4% from 55.5% of Last Year. The
increase was mainly because cemeteries in Shanghai have seen a rapid pick up after the Pandemic and accounted
for more contribution to burial services segment than the prior year.

During the Year, the operating profit margin of funeral services decreased to 13.5% from 14.9% of Last Year. The
decrease was mainly because the funeral services were affected by the Pandemic resurgence and certain
value-added services and products were unable to be provided in line with social restriction requirements, besides,
some of funeral facilities expanded cooperation with local government thanks to the well-known high-quality
services and started to deliver basic farewell ceremony services during the Year.

During the Year, other services segment recorded an operating profit of RMB0.1 million, mainly arising from the
construction and design services, partly offset by the continued investments in the research and development of
technology and products of cremation machines and Fu Shou Cloud, which are our strategic segments. We are
optimistic about the future of the business on our environmental-friendly cremation machines under the back-drop
of tightening of the rules and regulations on environmental protection by the government. Fu Shou Cloud focuses on
the application of technology in combined death care and “Internet +” services, which is an important direction of
the future development of the Group.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB0 on bank loans (Last Year: RMB1.8 million),
interest expenses of RMB1.1 million (Last Year: RMB1.5 million) on loans from non-controlling shareholders of
certain subsidiaries, and interest expenses on lease liabilities and other long-term liabilities of RMB3.9 million (Last
Year: RMB4.0 million).




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Interest expenses on loans from non-controlling shareholders represent the interest expenses of loans borrowed by
certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries from their non- controlling shareholders. These subsidiaries were jointly
invested by the Group and those non-controlling shareholders. In addition to the registered capital, our Group and
such non-controlling shareholders jointly provided funding to these subsidiaries for their land acquisition and
cemetery development via shareholders’ loan in accordance with the respective shareholding percentages. The
interests are charged based on the market rates.

The Directors are of the view that the loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing Rules),
was provided by non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiary for our benefit on normal commercial terms where
no security over the Group’s assets was granted in respect of the loan. Accordingly, the loan was exempted from
reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the
Listing Rules.

OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

Other income, gains and losses for the Year mainly include interest income, government grants received, exchange
gains and losses, income from management service and consulting service, donations and etc. Among which,
interest income and gains from unlisted cash management products during the Year amounted to RMB44.3 million,
representing an increase of RMB1.5 million or 3.4% as compared to Last Year. Government subsidies for the Year
were approximately RMB26.6 million.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Under the EIT Law and its Implementation Regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the tax rate of 25%
since January 1, 2008. Our effective corporate income tax rate for the Year was 25.8% (Last Year: 24.6%). The
effective corporate income tax rate approximates the standard tax rate of 25%.

During the Year, income tax expenses recorded RMB281.5 million, representing a decrease of RMB8.1 million or
2.8% as compared to that of Last Year, which is mainly attributable to the decrease in taxable income.

PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

As mentioned above, our profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company for the Year
amounted to RMB658.6 million, representing a decrease of RMB61.4 million or 8.5% as compared to Last Year.




22         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CASH FLOW

The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statement of cash flows for the Year:

                                                                                                  2022                    2021
                                                                                           (RMB’000)                (RMB’000)

Net cash generated from (used in)
— operating activities                                                                        868,255*              1,034,115*
— investing activities                                                                        397,913*                (690,046)*
— financing activities                                                                       (399,541)                (502,485)


Total                                                                                         866,627                 (158,416)


*       A classification made by management does not comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, however,
        management considers this classification can better reflect the nature of the Group’s business and can make the
        information disclosed more comparable. The net cash generated from operating activities disclosed in the audited financial
        statements amounted to RMB852.9 million (Last Year: RMB992.4 million) and the net cash received from investing activities
        as disclosed in the audited financial statements amounted to RMB413.2 million (Last Year: net cash used of RMB648.3
        million). During the Year, an amount of RMB15.3 million (Last Year: RMB41.7 million) relating to the payment for cemetery
        land acquisition was here classified under the cash used in investing activities, instead of cash generated from operating
        activities.


We generated our cash from operating activities primarily from proceeds of our death care service businesses. Our
cash used in operating activities is primarily for the development and construction of burial plots, and other
operating expenditures. Our net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB868.3 million for the
Year, representing a decrease of RMB165.9 million or 16.0% as compared to that of Last Year, which was primarily
due to the decrease in revenue during the Year, and more corporate income tax payment paid during the Year in
relation to the profit earned in the second half of prior year in accordance with tax payment mechanism.

Our net cash received from investing activities amounted to RMB397.9 million during the Year. It was primarily due
to: (i) net amount of withdrawal of time deposits, entrusted loans and other financial assets of RMB539.5 million; (ii)
withdrawal of investment in a joint venture totalling RMB49.9 million; (iii) the interests and gains from unlisted cash
management products received of RMB45.3 million, which were partially offset by: (iv) payment of RMB95.7 million
for building new burial and funeral facilities and capital expenditures for upgrades and maintenance in other
cemeteries and funeral facilities; (v) payment of RMB82.1 million for the acquisition of operating rights of
subsidiaries, cemeteries and funeral parlors as well as other investments and (vi) loan to a third party in connection
with the acquisition of land of a cemetery project totaling RMB58.0 million.

Our net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB399.5 million during the Year. It was primarily due to: (i)
final dividends for 2021 and interim dividends for 2022 paid to shareholders of the Company of RMB230.2 million;
(ii) dividends paid by subsidiaries to their non-controlling shareholders of RMB100.6 million; (iii) payment to
purchase non-controlling interests of subsidiaries of RMB40.1 million; (iv) repayment of lease payment and other
long-term liabilities of RMB26.1 million; and (v) repayment of loans to non-controlling shareholders of RMB4.4
million.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022             23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As at December 31, 2022, we had bank balances and cash of RMB1,942.2 million (December 31, 2021:
RMB1,075.6 million), time deposits of RMB33.5 million (December 31, 2021: RMB285.7 million) and unlisted cash
management products of RMB487.9 million (December 31, 2021: RMB666.0 million). Such financial assets
represent cash management products with relatively lower risk ratings, which are repayable on demand and have
maturity dates shorter than six months, or are repayable upon notice of withdrawal by the Company at its
discretion. Such assets are highly dispersed and are managed by certain state-owned banks, with expected
annualized return rates ranging from 1.69% to 3.20%. To support our expansion strategy, we hold a relatively high
level of cash. In order to moderately increase capital returns, under the premise of ensuring safety and liquidity, we
have allocated a part of treasury fund to short-term cash management products. Such products are issued and
managed by state-owned banks and have clearly-specified expected return rates, maturity dates or are immediately
redeemable. Even though the principals and return rates of such products are in theory and as stipulated,
determined by reference to the performance of the underlying assets, such as government debt instruments,
treasury notes and corporate bonds with high credit ratings, and not guaranteed by the issuing banks, they are
secured in substance considering the features and historical performance of such products and present situation of
bank system in the PRC. We internally regard our treasury fund put in such cash management products as part of
our cash balance, however, from the accounting point of view, they are classified as the financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss. In the foreseeable future, we expect to fund our capital expenditure, working capital and other
capital requirements from the cash generated from our operations, bank borrowings, and other financing channels.
The Board confirmed that the transactions in financial assets for the Year, whether on a standalone basis or
aggregate basis, did not constitute notifiable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

As at December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding bank borrowings.

In addition, we had RMB15.5 billion of comprehensive bank credit line as at December 31, 2022.

GEARING RATIO

Gearing ratio is total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of each financial period multiplied by 100%. Our
gearing ratio as at December 31, 2022 was 0.5% (December 31, 2021: 0.5%). Our operation has been lightly
leveraged because of our good cash generating capability from our operating activities. Although we expect that our
capital expenditure in the following years will maintain at a relatively high level, we do not anticipate our gearing ratio
will substantially increase considering the balance of bank and cash on hand. Therefore, we are exposed to limited
interest rate risk.

CURRENCY RISK

The Group conducts its businesses in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances
are denominated in foreign currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2022,
the amount denominated in RMB, HK$ and US$ under the financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and cash
accounted for 97.7%, 0.9% and 1.4%, respectively, of the total amount of these assets. We believe the current level
of financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and certain payables denominated in foreign currencies expose us
to a limited and manageable foreign currency risk. The management controls foreign currency risk by strictly
managing the size of foreign currency risk exposure and closely observing the movement of foreign currency rates.
We may, if necessary, hedge against foreign currency risk using financial instruments.




24          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

In October 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. According
to the agreement, we shall make four separate capital injections of RMB5 million, 20 million, 8 million and 30 million
in sequence based on the business development and related conditions. In November 2021, we made the first
capital injection and in June 2022 we completed the second phase of capital injection. As at December 31, 2022,
we had 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

Save as disclosed above, there were no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated
companies of the Group during the Year.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

As at December 31, 2022, the Group did not hold any significant investments (December 31, 2021: Nil).

CHARGES ON ASSETS

As at December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any charges over assets (December 31, 2021: Nil).

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, the Group has no specific plans for any material investments or capital assets.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As of December 31, 2022, the trustee of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme held 48,800,000 Shares purchased
from the secondary market and the above restricted shares have not been granted to eligible participants.

As at 2022, we had 2,401 full-time employees (December 31, 2021: 2,464 full-time employees). We offer
competitive packages and benefits to our staff. We also make contributions to social security insurance funds in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we provide staff training and development programs
and performance-based bonus to ensure that our employees are equipped with necessary skills and are
remunerated according to their performance.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

We contracted, but not provided in the financial statements, for capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
subsidiaries, land use rights, other investments, cemetery assets and property and equipment in a total amount of
approximately RMB25.4 million as at December 31, 2022.

CEMETERY LANDS AVAILABLE

The saleable area for burial plots was approximately 2.62 million sq.m. as at December 31, 2022 (December 31,
2021: approximately 2.54 million sq.m.), which is sufficient to satisfy the needs of the Group’s sustainable operation
in the long run. When we determine the saleable area of each cemetery, we have already estimated and excluded
those areas not for construction of tombs, such as the areas in connection with business centres, office buildings,
landscaping and main roads. Such estimation may be updated from time to time as our development plan may be
improved from time to time.



                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2022, we had no contingent liabilities.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There was no significant event that might affect the Group subsequent to the Year end.

PROSPECTS

With the optimization of pandemic prevention and control policies, the orderly recovery of consumption scene, and
the continuous improvement of people’s awareness of life culture, we are full of confidence in the future growth
prospects of the industry. Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach
the goal to carrying memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient,
environmental protection, warm service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the
industry reform and improve the service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth
opportunities, strive for external development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated
resources of the PRC’s death care industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high
quality death care services. We will push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced
philosophy and expertise in death care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their
standards on a par with ours.

Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promoting growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our Shareholders with the best returns.




26        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白 曉 江), aged 65, is the chairman, executive Director and chairman of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Bai is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Bai
has been the chairman of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996. He has also been the president and chairman of
Zhongfu since 1996. Mr. Bai is the director of each of Zhongfu and Shanghai Zhongfu. Mr. Bai has been a director
of Perfect Score since November 2015. He is also the chairman of Chongqing FSY Group. He acted as one of the
promoters of each of NGO 1 and NGO 2. Mr. Bai has more than 25 years of experience in the death care services
industry in the PRC and has served the Group for 25 years. Mr. Bai had recognized accomplishments through his
holding of senior engineering and business positions in the PRC, such as his senior role in the construction of the
Lupu bridge in Shanghai. Mr. Bai is also a member of the 6th, 7th and 8th central committee of the China
Democratic National Construction Association (中國民主建國會) and a member of the 8th, 9th, 10th and the 12th
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Shanghai. Currently, Mr. Bai is the thirteenth vice president of
the Shanghai General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president of the Hong Kong China Chamber of Commerce,
the executive chairman of the Hong Kong-Mainland International Investment Society, an executive council member
of China Charity Federation and an executive council member of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai
Program.

Mr. Bai served as a general manager in China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企業華東公司), the
predecessor of Zhongfu, during the period from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Bai was a technician, manager of the technology
department, assistant to general manager, vice general manager and general manager of China Kanghua Industrial
Co., Ltd.* (中國康華實業有限公司), the predecessor of China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企
業 華 東 公 司), between 1987 and 1990. Mr. Bai was awarded a bachelor’s degree in computer science by the
Shanghai Second Polytechnic University in 1986.

Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (談理安), aged 58, is the vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr. Tan is responsible for the
overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Tan was a director of Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan from December 2006 to December 2017, a director of Hefei Dashushan Co. from December 2006 to February
2014 and the vice chairman of Chongqing FSY Group from May 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Tan was a director of
FSG Holding from December 2011 to August 2014.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tan had served as the director and the chief operation officer of the paper packaging
division of Pacific Millennium Group* (國際濟豐集團) since he joined the group in 1989. He also served as the chief
executive officer of a joint venture company jointly owned by Pacific Millennium Group and International Paper
Company between March 2001 and July 2005.

Mr. Tan graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor’s degree in physical sciences in August
1986 and received a master’s degree in business administration from University of Southern California in August
1987.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          27
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生), aged 70, is the executive Director and chief executive of our Group. He is also the
chairman of the Strategy and Investment Development Committee of our Group. Mr. Wang is responsible for the
overall management and business operation and strategic planning and business development of the Group.
Mr. Wang was the managing director of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan between 1996 and 2019. He is also the president
of Shanghai FSY Corporate Management Consultancy. He acted as one of the promoters of NGO 2. Mr. Wang has
more than 29 years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the Group for more
than 29 years.

Mr. Wang has been a lecturer of courses organized by China Funeral Association for the senior management of
cemeteries since 1999. Prior to that he was appointed as the deputy general manager of Zhongfu in 1991. Mr. Wang
worked as a teacher in the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1991. Mr. Wang was a teacher
and counselor at local schools in Jiqing, Anhui between 1971 and 1980.

Mr. Wang is a renowned figure in the PRC death care services industry. Mr. Wang is the vice president of the China
Funeral Association. Mr. Wang has completed the Senior Executive Program organized by the Faculty of Business
Administration of the National University of Singapore in November 2001 and the China CEO Management
Innovation Executive Program organized by Shanghai Jiaotong University in August 2004. Mr. Wang was awarded
as the national honorary model of labour in April 2015.

Mr. Wang has been an independent non-executive director of Pacific Millennium Packaging Group Corporation
(SEHK stock code: 1820) since December 2018.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), aged 73, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Lu is a senior engineer. He has more than 27
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC.

Since 2001, he serves as the director and general manager of Shanghai Nam Kwong Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
Between 1991 and 2001, he was deputy general manager of Zhongfu, chairman and general manager of China
Zhongfu Petrochemical Industry Co., Ltd.* (上 海 中 福 石 油 化 工 實 業 有 限 公 司), and vice chairman and general
manager of Shanghai Zhongfu International Trading Co., Ltd. From 1986 to 1990, he was general manager of
Shanghai Exhibition Centre Co., Ltd.* (上海展覽中心友聯公司) .

From 1973 to 1985, Mr. Lu worked at the science and technology division, the information data department and the
equipment supply department of Shanghai Petrochemical Company Ltd., and held the positions of a deputy
secretary and the secretary to the Party Committee.

Mr. Lu graduated from Shanghai University of Engineering Science with a higher certificate in sales and exhibition in
June 1990.




28        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, aged 64, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Huang has been a general manager of
Chongqing Stone Tan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. since April 2015 and had been the chief financial officer of Big
Earth Publishing, Boulder, Colorado, since 2011 up to October 31, 2014. Prior to those, Mr. Huang served in various
senior management positions within Pacific Millennium Holding Corporation. Prior to joining Pacific Millennium
Holding Corporation, Mr. Huang served as corporate accounting manager at Electronic Data Systems in Dallas,
Texas, from 1984 to 1987. He had also served as president of Energy System International, Beijing from 2003 to
2006; member of the board between 1994 and 2000 and subsequently elected as chairman of the board between
1999 and 2000 for Millennium Bank, San Francisco, California.

Mr. Huang graduated from McMaster University in Canada with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in May 1982. He
also completed an advanced management program sponsored by the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) in March 1999. Mr. Huang has been a qualified certified public accountant in Texas (U.S.A.)
since January 1989. Mr. Huang is currently not a practicing certified public accountant.

Ms. Zhou Lijie (周立杰), aged 48, is the non-executive Directors. Ms. Zhou has over 22 years of work experience in
the investment industry. Ms. Zhou is currently the investment director of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (陽
光 資 產 管 理 股 份 有 限 公 司) . From 2001 to 2009, Ms. Zhou served as research supervisor of Beijing HaiWen
Consultants Co., Ltd.* (北 京 海 問 諮 詢 有 限 公 司) . From 2009 to 2020, Ms. Zhou successively served as deputy
director of the Asset Management Center of Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* (陽光保險集團股份有限公司), and
senior research manager, assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager of the
research department of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.

Ms. Zhou obtained a bachelor’ degree in investment economics from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in
1998 and a master’ degree in financial management from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商學院) in 2001.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Luo Zhuping (羅祝平), aged 71, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Remuneration
Committee. Mr. Luo has held various positions in China Eastern Airlines (中國東方航空公司) since 1988. He served
as the deputy chief and then chief of the enterprise management department of China Eastern Airlines from 1992 to
1997 and the deputy head of the share system office from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Luo served as the board secretary of
China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (SEHK stock code: 670) for 15 years from December 1996 to April 2012.
He became a director of the China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited from June 2004 to June 2013.

Mr. Luo graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy of Anhui Labor University (安徽勞動大學) in August 1979 and the
Faculty of Law of Anhui University (安 徽 大 學) in July 1986. Mr. Luo pursued a postgraduate master’s degree
majoring in global economics at the Economics Department of Eastern China Normal University (華 東 師 範 大 學)
between 1992 and April 1994. In September 1998, he participated in an Executive Study Tour organized in the U.S.
by the State Economic and Trade Commission (國家經濟貿易委員會) and Morgan Stanley. He also completed a
CEIBS-Wharton Joint Program in Corporate Governance and Board of Directors in August 2008. Mr. Luo holds an
independent director certificate issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012 and a corporate governance
certificate issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in November 2004.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022        29
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Ho Man (何 敏), aged 53, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Ho has over 24 years of working experience in private equity investment and finance and is currently the
managing director of an investment holding company. Prior to that, Mr. Ho served as an executive partner
representative of a Chengdu — based private equity investment fund from December 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Ho
worked for a Hong Kong-based private fund management company during January 2010 to December 2013 and
was the managing director and head of China growth and expansion capital of CLSA Capital Partners from August
1997 to October 2009.

Mr. Ho served as an independent non-executive director of Fantasia Holdings Group Co., Limited (SEHK stock
code: 1777) from October 2009 to October 2021; an independent non-executive director of Magnus Concordia
Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 1172) from January 2018 to August 2022; and an independent non-executive
director of Wanjia Group Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 401) since February 2018. He served as an
independent non-executive director of Grand Ocean Advanced Resources Company Limited (SEHK stock code: 65)
since January 2020. All of the companies mentioned above are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Ho was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University and a
master’s degree in finance from the London Business School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst. Mr. Ho is the
author of books such as “Superstar Economics” and “Who Stole the Red Devils?”

Ms. Liang Yanjun (梁艷君), aged 39, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Compliance
Committee. Ms. Liang has over 16 years of experience in legal service and many years of relevant experience in
securities and capital markets. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Liang worked as legal assistant in Beijing Zhongke
Fuqiao Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京中科富橋科技有限公司) from August 2006 to November 2007, CEO assistant in
Global Energy Investment Co., Ltd.* (環球能源投資有限公司) from December 2007 to February 2009, assistant of the
minister in exchange department of China Center for International Economic Exchanges* (中國國際經濟交流中心)
from March 2009 to February 2010, a lawyer in Beijing Jingtian & Gongcheng* (北京市競天公誠律師事務所) from
December 2010 to May 2016, lawyer and kernel group member in Beijing Maode Attorneys At Law* (北京懋德律師
事 務 所) from 2016 to March 2019, an independent non-executive director in Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive
Finance Co., Ltd.* (上 海 東 正 汽 車 金 融 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SEHK stock code: 2718) from August 2018 to present, a
partner-level lawyer in B&D Law Firm* (北斗鼎銘律師事務所) from April 2019 to August 2019 and a partner-level
lawyer in Javy Tayn Lawyers* (北京嘉維泰銀律師事務所) from September 2019 to present.

Ms. Liang obtained a bachelor’s degree in the science of law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國 政 法 大 學) in June 2005. She received her lawyer’s practicing certificate of the PRC granted by the Ministry of
Justice of the PRC in March 2011. She was awarded the Qualifications for Directors of Non-bank Financial
Institutions in August 2018 and received the Qualification of Independent Directors issued by the Shanghai Stock
Exchange in November 2018.




30        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Chen Xin (陳欣), aged 47, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen has over 22 years of experience
in finance and investment industries. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Chen successively served as assistant trade service
manager, assistant banking services manager and project finance executive in The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited. From 2002 to 2011, Mr. Chen successively served as associate and vice president of
the corporate finance group of the investment banking division and executive director of the Asian Special
Situations Group (ASSG) in Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Mr. Chen served as head of China in Permira Advisors
(Asia) Limited from 2011 to 2014, served as founding partner of Fides Capital Investors I, L.P. from 2014 to 2017,
served as head of direct investment in CMBC Capital Holdings Limited from 2017 to 2018, served as a partner,
managing director and head of private equity investment in Ally Bridge Group from 2018 to February 2020, served
as the president of Fosun Capital Flagship Fund and head of investment in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
Bay Are from February 2020 to present.

Mr. Chen served as non-executive director of Cosmo Lady (China) Holdings Company Limited (SEHK stock code:
2298) from February 2022 to October 2022, and served as non-executive director of Beijing Airdoc Technology Co.,
Ltd. (SEHK stock code: 2251).

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts in Finance from Fudan University in 1997, a master’s degree in
Economics from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2000 and a master’s degree in business
administration from The Yale School of Management, major in finance and business strategy, in 2002, respectively.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生) is our executive Director and the chief executive of the Group. For Mr. Wang’s
biography, see “Executive Directors” above.

Mr. Ma Jianting, Sam (馬劍亭), aged 42, is our chief financial officer. He has over 19 years of work experience in
finance and auditing, and has extensive experience in financial management, internal control and auditing and
merger and acquisition. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ma had served in various positions in China Minsheng
Investment Group Corp., Ltd. (“China Minsheng Investment Group”) and its subsidiaries or the companies it has
invested in, including acting as a non-executive director and member of the audit committee, investment committee
and remuneration committee of China Medical & HealthCare Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 383) from August
2019 to June 11, 2020; the head of finance team of China Minsheng Investment Group from October 2019 to May
2020; the chief financial officer of CMIG Asia Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 2017 to May 2020; a
non-executive director of China Minsheng Financial Holding Corporation Limited (now known as China Vered
Financial Holding Corporation Limited) (SEHK stock code: 245) from November 2017 to February 2019; and a senior
manager of the finance and accounting department of China Minsheng Investment Group from June 2017 to July
2017. From September 2003 to May 2017, he worked in the audit department in Shanghai office of Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP and his last position was an audit senior manager, during which from September 2008 to March
2010, he was assigned to Manchester office of Ernst & Young (United Kingdom) as an audit executive.

Mr. Ma obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in English (Finance and Business) from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in June
2003, and holds the qualification of PRC Certified Public Accountant (CICPA).




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022         31
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Hu Yi (胡 軼), aged 38, is our company secretary. Ms. Hu has joined the Company since 2014 as the
representative of Hong Kong office and manager of board secretary office. Ms. Hu is responsible for investor
relations, corporate finance and corporate governance of the Group. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Hu worked
in BlackBerry Hong Kong Ltd. as Project Manager from 2010 to 2013. Ms. Hu graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong
University with a bachelor degree in English (Specialized in Finance and Business) in 2008. Ms. Hu obtained a
master degree in China Studies from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2010 and a master degree in
Corporate Governance from The Open University of Hong Kong (now known as Hong Kong Metropolitan University)
in 2017. Ms. Hu is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute, one of the drafters of
“Effectiveness evaluation of compliance management system for small and medium-sized enterprises” in China and
one of the authors of “The Guidance of Effectiveness Evaluation of Compliance Management System for Small and
Medium-sized Enterprises”.




32        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board presents the directors’ report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the provision of burial services and funeral services. The
Group’s subsidiaries also carry on provision of designing services for cemeteries and funeral parlours,
manufacturing of cremation devices and sales and after-sales service of cremation devices. Details of the
subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 41 to the financial statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 65 of this Annual Report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The financial summary of the Group between 2018 and 2022 is set out on page 183 in the section “Financial
Summary” of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group realized the sale of 22,122 tombs and provided funeral
services to 73,174 customers and recorded total revenue of RMB2,171.6 million, made a net profit totalling
RMB810.7 million, and net profit attributable to our shareholders of RMB658.6 million.

As at December 31, 2022, we operated 33 cemeteries, and 30 funeral facilities throughout the PRC. Our business
coverage has expanded to over 40 cities across 19 provinces, autonomous regions or municipalities in China. The
expanding business footprints lay a good foundation for our future development.

For more details of the business development and performance of the Group for the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report. The above section forms part of this
report.

Principal risks and uncertainties

As the death care industry in China is originated from a long cultural history, it features a geographically distinctive
and traditional operation model. The conventions of such industry are now facing challenging innovation and the
maturity of relevant regulations remains to be seen while the world keeps progressing and updating. In a leading
position of China’s death care industry, the Group is committed to leading the modernization reform of the death
care business in China so as to reduce the risk arising from outdated regulations for the industry.

The death care industry in China, subject to the strict requirement of relevant regulations imposed by the
government, is a highly regulated industry. There are strict restrictions on licenses and land supply which pose risks
and uncertainties on the Group’s business expansion.

One of the important strategies of the Group is to accomplish business expansion through mergers and
acquisitions. However, the success of such strategy depends on a number of uncertainties, which mainly include:
whether the acquired targets have any hidden debts and unknown potential litigations, whether we can integrate the
acquired targets properly and enhance their value added, and whether there are sufficient skilled and qualified
managerial personnel to satisfy the market needs during our expansion.



                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Requirements and restrictions still exist in China on fund flow under capital accounts, which may affect the Group’s
flexibility to make use of global funds to implement business expansion and our ability to distribute dividends to
foreign investors.

For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

Events occurred since the end of the financial year

For details of the events occurred since the end of the financial year of the Group, please refer to the section
headed “Events after the Year” of the section “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report.

Future development

For more than nine years since its listing, the Group has been striving to consolidate its leading position in the death
care industry in China through its operation strategies.

Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach the goal to carrying
memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient, environmental protection, warm
service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the industry reform and improve the
service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external
development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care
industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high quality death care services. We will
push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death
care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours.
Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promote growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our investors with the best returns.




34        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Environmental policies and performance

The Group has always adhered to the sustainable development philosophy of “transforming cemeteries into parks,
farewells into beautiful moments and ceremony into commemoration” and is committed to making breakthroughs in
ideas, products, services, culture, art, science and technology, integrating the concept of green, ecology, art,
humanities into funeral culture, guide the death care service return to the cultural essence of emotional needs,
promoting Chinese traditional culture, leading the development and reform of China’s modern death care industry.

The Group engaged in assistance and poverty alleviation in many regions and relied on public welfare foundation to
shoulder social responsibility and create social value. We always keep it in mind that today’s peace comes from
predecessors’ efforts. The Group sees their spirits as cultural inheritance and imbeds into education campaigns
organized by us. Also, we combine the life and emotion to build a long-term social value.

We value the Company’s talents development, safeguard their rights and interests, and create a green and sound
work environment to prevent our staff’s rights and interests from being infringed. Moreover, we provide well —
established training systems for staff and cultivate a united work team. Focusing on the promotion of concepts and
ideas, Fu Shou Yuan continuously deepens its communication with global peer workers for cultural exchange.
Meanwhile, we attract more social talents and young people to join us.

By embedding green philosophy into our products and services, Fu Shou Yuan forged ecological industrial circle
and finished the innovation of the industry with unique design, adding novel and environmental concept into each
link and push the life service business toward cross space and affordability. To achieve the goal of green-oriented
transition, Fu Shou Yuan reduces daily energy consumption in working place and strengthens emission control of
industrial chain in 2022 to achieve “carbon neutrality”.

We prioritize inheritance, saving and efficiency as key point for future development of life service industry. Following
the philosophy of conserving lands, promoting livelihood and commemorating and inheriting, we explore new
continuation methods for spiritual life value and map out a blueprint for sustainable development. Going forward, we
will continue to promote the understanding of the concept of life service among our staff and customers, fulfilling
business, industrial, social, historical and public responsibilities and provide premium life service.

Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited (“Hang Seng Indexes Company”) announced the results of its review of the
Hang Seng Family of Indexes for the quarter review on August 20, 2021. The recognized Company has been
selected as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index with effect from
September 6, 2021. The Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index is the recognized benchmark for sustainability
investments in Hong Kong. We believes that the inclusion of our Shares as a constituent of the Hang Seng
Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index will raise investors’ awareness toward the Company’s ESG scoring and
performance, attracting portfolio investments from the ESG investor base, enhancing stock liquidity, as well as
harnessing the Company’s reputation in ESG performance.

Please refer to the 2022 Sustainability Report of the Group to be published in due course for more details of the
Group’s sustainability policy and performance.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022         35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with the relevant laws and regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements. The Group has set up various
internal control systems and allocated human resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations,
and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators through effective communications. During the Year, to
the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with all of the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and
Hong Kong, including but not limited to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), the Listing Rules and the Regulations on Funeral And Interment
Control.

Relationships with stakeholders

The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise our employees,
customers, suppliers, regulators and shareholders.

Employees

Our success depends on our qualified and skilled employees and we believe employees are the most valuable
resource and wealth of the Group. Our Group adheres to the value of people orientation and our goal is to
constantly maximize our employee value and enterprise value. Therefore, we developed a set of internal training
programs and provide a wide range of education and development opportunities for our employees. The Group also
provides competitive remuneration package to attract and motivate the employees. Performance appraisal and
interview is held for review the remuneration package of employees and makes necessary adjustments to conform
to the market standard. We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide
incentive or reward to eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential
contribution to the Group. As at December 31, 2022, we had 2,401 full-time employees (December 31, 2021: 2,464).

Customers

The Group attaches extremely great importance to customer services and is committed to providing quality services
and products to our customers while maintaining long-term business growth. We conduct monthly call-back
interviews for customer satisfactory survey and made summary and analysis of customer opinions and provides
feedback to our customer after internal communication. We recognize the important role of customers in our
success and will continue to enhance the quality of our services and products.

Suppliers

Our suppliers mainly include tombstone producers, landscaping companies and so forth. Our Group has a complete
set of purchasing system with regard to suppliers, in order to safeguard the interests of our Group as well as give an
impetus to suppliers. Evaluation is conducted on suppliers to define the service scope and responsible person of
each suppliers, and guarantees the product and service quality and interests of suppliers. Our Group established
our “Environment and Labor System for Suppliers” in 2016 and has implemented in 2017, in order to improve the
screening standard on suppliers and join hands with them for common growth.




36          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Regulators

The Group operates in the death care sector which is regulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and other
relevant regulators. The Group maintains cordial working relationships with regulators through effective
communications and ensures compliance with rules and regulations.

Shareholders

One of the Group’s objectives is to enhance corporate value to our Shareholders. We are poised to foster business
development for achieving sustainability of earning growth and reward our Shareholders by stable dividend payouts
taking into account liquidity positions and business expansion needs of the Group.

For more details of the relationship with stakeholders of the Group, please refer to the 2022 sustainability report of
the Company to be published in due course.

FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK7.58 cents per Share for the year ended December
31, 2022 (2021: HK5.64 cents per Share). The final dividend will be payable on June 30, 2023 subject to the
approval of the Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names
appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on June 21, 2023. Subject to the
Companies Act, through a general meeting we may declare dividends in any currency but no dividend shall be
declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends
may be declared and paid out of our profit, realized or unrealized, or from any reserve of our Company lawfully
available for distribution including share premium.

We also intended to distribute to our shareholders no less than 35% of our net distributable profit since the year
ended June 30, 2022 and for each fiscal year thereafter. However, we will re-evaluate our dividend policy annually.

CLOSURES OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Monday, May 22, 2023 to Thursday, May 25, 2023, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, all
transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on
Friday, May 19, 2023.

For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Monday, June 19, 2023 to Wednesday, June 21, 2023, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed final
dividend, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in
Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 16, 2023.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 41 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For the year ended December 31, 2022, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 28.3%
(2021: 28.9%) of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from our single largest supplier accounted for 10.9%
(2021: 9.1%) of the Group’s total purchases.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the combined revenue from the five largest customers did not exceed
30% of the total revenue of the Group.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interests in the Group’s five largest suppliers
and customers.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2022 are set
out in Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in
Note 31 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

RESERVES

Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022
are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 68 of this Annual Report and Notes 32 and
43 to the audited consolidated financial statements respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, as at December 31, 2022, are set out in Note 43 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

BORROWINGS

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any bank borrowings (December 31, 2021: Nil).

TAXATION

If Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the
exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their tax adviser.




38         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Year, the Company repurchased 503,000 Shares through the Stock Exchange. Details of the
repurchases are as follows:

                                                 Number of                                            Aggregate
                                                     Shares         Repurchasing price             consideration
Month of repurchase                             repurchased            for each Share                         paid
                                                                 Highest HK$      Lowest HK$                  HK$

September 2022                                      263,000              4.51               4.31       1,163,190
October 2022                                        240,000              4.29               3.98           981,300


Total                                               503,000                                            2,144,490


All the repurchased shares above were cancelled on December 16, 2022 and the issued share capital of the
Company was reduced by the nominal value thereof. The purchases were made for the benefit of the Shareholders
with an enhancement of the net asset value per Share and/or its earnings per Share.

Save for the above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities during the Year.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, or the law of Cayman Islands being
the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares
on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group made approximately RMB0.9 million charitable and other
donations.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this Annual Report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022        39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qunlin 1
     (resigned on December 9, 2022)
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

Notes:

1
         Mr. Chen Qunlin resigned as independent non-executive Director with effect from December 9, 2022 due to his age.


The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this Annual Report.

In accordance with Article 108 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Ho Man and
Mr. Chen Xin shall retire by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
each of such service agreements may be terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either
party on the other.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years. Each of such appointments may be terminated by
not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than the normal statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent
non-executive Directors to be independent.

TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for as disclosed under the section headed “Permitted Indemnity Provision” in this Annual Report, no
transaction, arrangement and contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies or
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2022 or at any
time during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, no contract of significance between the Company, or
any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was made.




40            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

During the year ended December 31, 2022, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules) had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

TAX RELIEF

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

In compliance with the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate
remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration is subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other
emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, the
recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the performance and results of the Group. No Director, or
any of their respective associates, was involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December
31, 2022 are set out in Note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
financial year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal
actions against its Directors and officers.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save for the Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company as set out in this Annual
Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December
31, 2022.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on December 3, 2013 and shall be valid and effective for a period
of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by the Company in a general meeting or by the Board. The
purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contribution to the
Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are
valuable to the Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme,
the Board may offer to grant an option to any directors or employees, or any advisors, consultants, suppliers,
customers or shareholders of any members of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the
Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the
Shares in issue from time to time. The maximum number of Shares available for issue under options which may be
granted under the Share Option Scheme or other share option scheme adopted by the Company must not in
aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Global Offering (but taking no
account of any Shares which may be allotted or issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as
defined in the Prospectus)), being 200,000,000 Shares, representing 8.62% of the issued shares as at the date of
this Annual Report. The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme to an Eligible Participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the number of Shares in issue as at the date of grant unless approved by the Shareholders in general meeting.

The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall
be determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the date of grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the
average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five trading
days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.

Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant.
An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date
upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The
period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that
no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on May 15, 2017, an ordinary resolution was passed, pursuant
to which the scheme mandate limit under the Share Option Scheme approved on December 9, 2013 has been
refreshed, allowing the Company to grant share options entitling holders thereof to subscribe for up to 210,000,000
Shares, representing approximately but not exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the
date of passing the above resolution. As at each of January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the number of options
available for grant under the Share Option Scheme is 210,000,000, representing approximately 9.1% of the total
issued shares of the Company. The total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme is
210,000,000 Shares, representing approximately 9.1% of the issued shares as at the date of this report.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, no outstanding options were available under the Share Option Scheme.

No options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended
December 31, 2022.




42        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As at each of January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the trustee of the Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme held
48,800,000 shares while no Restricted Shares were granted under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme. As at
each of January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the number of Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) available for
grant under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is 67,444,812 Shares, representing approximately 2.9% of the
total issued shares of the Company. The total number of shares available for issue under the Restricted Share
Incentive Scheme, representing 0.8% of the issued shares as at the date of this report.

The Board may, at its sole discretion, determine which eligible participant(s) shall be entitled to receive grants of
Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, together with the number of shares to which each
selected participant shall be entitled, and make the relevant grant of Restricted Shares to the selected participants
under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme subject to such conditions as the Board may deem appropriate at its
discretion.

Any proposed grant of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme to any connected
person in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries must be approved by the independent non-executive
directors of the Company (except where such connected person is an independent non-executive director of the
Company, in which case such director shall abstain from such approval process) and in accordance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules, including but not limited to chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including seeking
independent shareholders’ approval).

Vesting shall only occur upon satisfaction (or where applicable, wavier by the Board) of the conditions imposed by
the Board.

The Board or person(s) to which the Board delegated its authority may either (a) direct and procure the trustee to
release from the trust the Restricted Shares to the selected participants by transferring the number of Restricted
Shares to the selected participants in such manner as determined by the Board from time to time; or (b) to the
extent that, at the determination of the Board or its delegate(s), it is not practicable for the selected participants to
receive the Restricted Shares in shares solely due to legal or regulatory restrictions with respect to the selected
participant’s ability to receive the Restricted Shares in shares or the trustee’s ability to give effect to any such
transfer to the selected participant, the Board or its delegate(s) will direct and procure the trustee to sell, on the
market at the prevailing market price or, if appropriate, at a price no more than the maximum price specified by the
Company, the number of Restricted Shares so vested in respect of the selected participant and pay the selected
participant the proceeds in cash arising from such sale based on the actual selling price of such Restricted Shares.

The Restricted Share Incentive Scheme commences on the adoption date, i.e., November 29, 2019, and remains
valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten (10) years from such date,
unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board.

For more details, please refer to our announcement dated November 29, 2019.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022           43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the
register referred to therein; or (b) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)    Interest in the Shares

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                              the issued share
                                                                           Nature of          Number of           capital of the
       Name of Directors                Capacity                           Interest                Shares             Company
       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                Beneficiary of a trust (Note 1)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position      10,453,452                  0.45%
       Mr. Wang Jisheng                 Beneficiary of a trust (Note 2)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position          453,452                 0.02%
       Mr. Tan Leon Li-an               Beneficial owner                   Long position          900,000                 0.04%
       Mr. Lu Hesheng                   Interest in a controlled           Long position      27,600,000                  1.19%
                                          corporation (Note 3)
       Mr. Huang James                  Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
            Chih-Cheng

       Notes:

       1.       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is interested in the entire issued share capital of Wish and Catch, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
                Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is a beneficiary.

       2.       Mr. Wang Jisheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Peaceful Field, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
                Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Wang Jisheng is a beneficiary.

       3.       Mr. Lu Hesheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Grand Fire, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 1.19% of the issued share capital of the Company.


(ii)   Interest in underlying Shares of share options

       As at year ended December 31, 2022, neither the Directors nor chief executive of the Company (including their
       spouses and children under 18 years of age) had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
       shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
       the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to
       the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




44           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2022
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at December 31, 2022, so far as the Directors were aware, the Substantial Shareholders, other than the Directors
or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                                   the issued
                                                                                                                 share capital
                                                                              Nature of                  No. of         of the
Name of Substantial Shareholders Capacity                                     Interest                  Shares      Company
FSG Holding                                    Beneficial owner               Long position       320,360,000             13.81%
Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as              Founder of a discretionary     Long position       320,360,000             13.81%
     “Tan Chih Chun”)                            trust (Note 1)
Perfect Score                                  Beneficial owner               Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
Alliance Rise                                  Interest in a controlled       Long Position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 2)
Zhongfu                                        Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 3)
Hongfu                                         Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 4)
NGO 1                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 5)
NGO 2                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                 corporation (Note 6)
UBS Trustees (BVI) Limited                     Trustee (Note 7)               Long position       193,200,000               8.33%
Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd.*             Beneficial owner (Note 8)      Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
     (陽光人壽保險股份有限公司)
Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* Interest in a controlled                  Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
     (陽光保險集團股份有限公司)                              corporation (Note 8)

*    The English translation is for identification purpose only

Notes:

1.       Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as “Tan Chih Chun”), the father of Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, is entitled to exercise or control the
         exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of FSG Holding through (i) being a settlor of a trust,
         which in turn is interested in the entire issued share capital of Pacific Millennium Investment Corporation, the largest
         shareholder of FSG Holding; and (ii) being a settlor of another trust, which in turn is interested in the entire issued share
         capital of Fast Answer Limited, the third largest shareholder of FSG Holding. Together, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is interested in
         an aggregate of 48.15% of the issued share capital of FSG Holding. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is deemed or taken to
         be interested in approximately 13.81% of the issued share capital of the Company in which FSG Holding is interested in.

2.       Perfect Score is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise and Alliance Rise is deemed or taken to be interested in
         approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

3.       Alliance Rise is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu and Zhongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in
         approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022              45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

4.      Zhongfu is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongfu and Hongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

5.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 1 as to 50% and NGO 1 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

6.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 2 as to 50% and NGO 2 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

7.      According to the disclosure of interests notice filed on January 12, 2023 by the relevant substantial shareholder, the
        96,600,000 Shares indirectly held under a trust with UBS Trustees (BVI) Limited as the trustee have been transferred to
        another trust with a new trustee.

8.      Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is interested in approximately 99.99% of the issued share capital of Sunshine Life
        Insurance Co., Ltd. and therefore Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        6.53% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is interested in.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2022, so far was known to the Directors, no other persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives) had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year ended December 31, 2022 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18
years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its
holding companies or any of subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the
Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body
corporate.

EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in Note 38 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained the public float as required by the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31,
2022.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

(1)     Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限
        公 司) (“Chongqing Guolong”) and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on November 28,
        2017, pursuant to which Chongqing Guolong provided a shareholder loan to Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The loan
        were extended in 2022 and they are due within one year from the extension date. As at December 31, 2022,
        the loan remaining outstanding amounted to approximately RMB23.0 million. The interest rate is
        approximately 4.35% per annum.




46           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Chongqing Guolong (the “Loan”) was to fund the
      cemetery development. In considering the funding requirement, Chongqing Guolong, a shareholder of Xiyuan
      Fu Shou Yuan, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided their funding to
      Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholder’s loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in
      addition to the registered capital.

      Chongqing Guolong is a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level as it is a substantial
      shareholder of Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan and owns 49% equity interest in Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan
      constituted a continuing connected transaction.

      The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
      Rules), was provided by Chongqing Guolong for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no security
      over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
      announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
      Rules.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and external auditor the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022.

AUDITOR

The financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, auditor of the Company, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered itself for re-appointment as
auditor at the AGM. There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in the past three years.

A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of auditor.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman

Hong Kong, March 17, 2023




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022        47
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022.

Unless otherwise stated, reference of the code provisions made in this corporate governance report in relation to the
CG Code is referred to the provisions contained in the Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules in force during the year
ended December 31, 2022.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company recognizes the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is committed
to achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results and improve its
corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.

The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Board is of opinion that the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code
throughout the year ended December 31, 2022.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in securities
of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiry to all the Directors, each of them confirmed that they
have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended
December 31, 2022.

To comply with the code provision C.1.3 of the CG Code, the Company has also established and adopted a code of
conduct regarding its employees’ securities transactions, on terms no less exacting than the standards set out in
the Model Code, for compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information in
relation to the Company or its securities because of their offices or employments.

No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company
were noted by the Company throughout the year ended December 31, 2022.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board composition

The Board currently comprises three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non —
executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set out as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)




48        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Chen Qunlin
  (resigned on December 9, 2022)
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report.

Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1),
3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or
accounting or related financial management expertise, and independent non-executive directors representing at
least one-third of the board of the directors.

None of the Directors has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.

Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of
communications.

The Board should meet regularly and Board meetings should be held at least four times a year. At least 14 days’
notice of all regular Board meetings is given to the Directors who are given the opportunity to include other matters
in the agenda of meetings.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has held 5 meetings in total.




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022          49
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The attendance records of the individual Directors at the meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Compliance Committee and the general meeting for the year ended
December 31, 2022 are set out as follows:

                                                                No. of Meetings Attended/Held
                                                        Audit Nomination Remuneration       Compliance       Annual
                                           Board   Committee    Committee      Committee        Committee   General
Name of Directors                       Meetings    Meetings     Meetings        Meetings        Meetings   Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                            5/5           —           2/2             —               —        1/1
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                           5/5           —            —             1/1              —        1/1
Mr. Wang Jisheng                             5/5           —           2/2             —               —        1/1


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng                               4/5           —            —              —               —        1/1
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                   5/5          2/2           —              —               —        1/1
Ms. Zhou Lijie                               5/5           —            —              —               —        1/1


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qunlin
  (resigned on December 9, 2022)             4/5           —           2/2            1/1             2/2       1/1
Mr. Luo Zhuping                              5/5          2/2          2/2            1/1             2/2       1/1
Mr. Ho Man                                   5/5          2/2          2/2             —              2/2       1/1
Ms. Liang Yanjun
  (appointed as member of the
  Remuneration Committee and
  Nomination Committee with effect
  from December 9, 2022)                     5/5           —            —              —              2/2       1/1
Mr. Chen Xin                                 5/5          2/2           —              —               —        1/1

Except for the annual general meeting, the Company did not hold any other general meeting during the year ended
December 31, 2022.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are governed by the Articles of
Association. The Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, is responsible for reviewing the
Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of
Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.




50           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Articles of Association provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
meeting, or as an additional to the existing Board shall hold office only until the following annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

In accordance with the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
Directors for the time being or, if the number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-election.

The Shareholders may, at any general meetings convened and held in accordance with the Articles of Association,
remove a Director by ordinary resolution at any time before the expiration of his/her term of office notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Articles of Association or in any agreement between the Company and such Director
and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his/her stead.

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group in accordance
with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor on the financial statements of the Group are set out
in the section of “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.

Responsibilities of and Delegation by the Board

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions and
monitoring business and performance.

The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
conducting the day-to-day operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to
review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make
financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management
including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a
periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group. A memorandum on respective
functions of the Board and management of the Company has been established in writing.

The Company has established internal mechanism to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and
input. Directors are free to engage external independent professional advisers to assist them to discharge their
duties as they think fit, at the expense of the Company.

The Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          51
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The whistleblowing policy has been implemented for employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders who
have concerns about any suspected misconduct or malpractice within the Group to raise concerns, in confidence
and anonymity.

The Company also implemented anti-corruption policy pursuant to the requirement of the CG Code.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, being independent non-executive Directors,
have made confirmations of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view
that, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin meet the independence guidelines set out in
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent to the Company in accordance with the terms of such
guidelines.

Continuous Professional Development

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of
training materials. All Directors have provided their training records to the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, all Directors, including Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang
Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho
Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and
responsibilities of being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure
of interest and business of the Group, and Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Lu
Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang
Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin have attended a training regarding Directors’ duties, obligation of listed company,
obligation of information disclosure and environmental, social and governance reporting.

Chairman and Chief Executive

The positions of the chairman (“Chairman”) and the chief executive (“Chief Executive”) of the Company are held
separately. The role of Chairman is held by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, and the role of Chief Executive is held by Mr. Wang
Jisheng. The Chairman provides leadership and governance for the Board so as to create the conditions for the
effective performance of the Board as a whole and effective contribution by individual Director and to ensure that
the Board performs its responsibilities and all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely
manner. The Chief Executive has the delegated power to manage the Company and to oversee the activities of the
Company on a day-to-day basis.

The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive is defined and established in writing.




52        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
corporate governance duties include:

—    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations to the Board;

—    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management;

—    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

—    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
     and Directors; and

—    to review the Company’s compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
     governance report under the Listing Rules.

The Compliance Committee is delegated to discharge the above corporate governance functions and has reported
back to the Board.

The Compliance Committee has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and this
corporate governance report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established four committees and has delegated various responsibilities to the committees including
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Compliance Committee. All
the Board committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference which are
available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Board committees are provided with
sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.

Audit Committee

The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee has been
updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on January 7, 2019. The primary
duties of the Audit Committee are, but not limited to, to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the
effectiveness of the financial reporting process, the internal control and risk management system of the Group, to
oversee the audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

The Audit Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Ho Man, Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Xin,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, the non-executive Director. Mr. Ho
Man is the chairman of the Audit Committee.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        53
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audited Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed and discussed
the interim and annual financial statements, the interim and annual result announcements and reports, the
accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group
and recommended the re-appointment of auditor to the Board.

Remuneration Committee

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference
of the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on December 14, 2022. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review
and/or approve matters related to share planning as described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Remuneration Committee are, but not limited to, to evaluate and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the remuneration packages and compensation of the executive Directors and senior management. In
addition, the Remuneration Committee conducts reviews of the performance, and determines the remuneration
structure of the senior management of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Luo Zhuping and Ms. Liang Yanjun
(appointed on December 9, 2022), the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, the
vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr. Luo Zhuping is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meetings. During the Year, the
Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company and the remuneration
and performance of the duties of the executive Directors, senior management officers and other employees of the
Company.

Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The primary functions of the Nomination Committee are, but not limited to, to
formulate nomination policies for consideration of the Board, implement the nomination policies laid down by the
Board, and make recommendations to the Board to fill vacancies on the same.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, the chairman and
executive Director, Mr. Wang Jisheng, the executive Director, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Liang Yanjun
(appointed on December 9, 2022), the independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is the chairman of the
Nomination Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Nomination Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the re —
appointment of directors, the structure, size and composition of the Board, the board diversity policy, and the
retirement and rotation plan of the Directors and assessed the independence of each independent non-executive
Director.




54          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Compliance Committee

The Company has established the Compliance Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference of
the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on August 21, 2020. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review and
monitor the environmental, social and corporate governance (“ESG”) functions and duties. The primary functions of
the Compliance Committee are, but not limited to, to review and monitor the legal and compliance aspects of the
Group to ensure that the Group is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and ESG policy. The
Compliance Committee has authority to seek external counsel’s advice.

The Compliance Committee currently comprises three members, namely Ms. Liang Yanjun, Mr. Luo Zhuping and
Mr. Ho Man, all being the independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Liang Yanjun is the chairman of the
Compliance Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compliance Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the
policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendation to the Board, reviewed the training and
continuous professional development of Directors, senior management and other employees in respect of
compliance and ESG matters, the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the
codes of conduct applicable to employees and Directors and the compliance with the corporate governance code
and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

NOMINATION POLICY AND BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to enhancing the Board effectiveness and corporate governance, the Board should include a balanced
composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there
is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.

As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board of Directors is composed of three executive Directors, three
non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors, with female Directors accounting for 20%.
In addition to the three founders who are responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of
Fu Shou Yuan Group, there are also three non-executive Directors with rich experience in the manufacturing
industry, investment and financial industry and financial field, and four independent non-executive Directors with
authoritative expertise in their respective industries. The independent non-executive Directors include both senior
financial experts and legal experts, as well as a former board secretary with several years management experience
in large listed company. The Company ensures the professionalism, independence and diversity of the background
of independent non-executive Directors in terms of gender, region, cultural background, professional knowledge,
experience and skills, so as to provide guidance for the overall enterprise development and governance.

The Company has adopted a nomination policy and a board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The
Nomination Committee evaluates the balance and blend of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives of the
Board. Selection of candidates is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services
and other qualities essential to the Company’s business, and merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board will review such measurable objectives from time
to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. The
Nomination Committee and the Board considered that, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the composition
of the Board was balanced and diversified.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022         55
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors,
the chairman of the Nomination Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due
diligence. Upon the review by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the committee will convene a Board
meeting where recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and
approved by the Board, the proposed directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

GENDER DIVERSITY IN THE WORKFORCE

The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) is 41.3% female employees versus 58.7% male
employee. As a death care service provider, the Group has a relevant higher percentage of female employee in the
industry. We fully respect the legitimate rights and interests of every employee, resolutely put an end to possible
discrimination within the Group, ensure that employees will not be treated differently due to gender, age, race,
nationality, education background, religious belief and other differences, and strive to create a diversified and
inclusive enterprise environment.

REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

Pursuant to paragraph E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of 10 Directors and 2 senior management by band
for the year ended December 31, 2022 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Number of
Remuneration bands                                                                                    individual
HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                           8
HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                   1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                   1
HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                   —
HK$4,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                   —
HK$5,000,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                                   2

Save as disclosed above, details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the audited
consolidated financial statements.

EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the remunerations paid or payable to the external auditor of the
Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Group are set out as below:

                                                                                     Fees payable or paid
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

Services rendered for the Group
Audit service                                                                           2,960               3,100
Interim results review                                                                  1,150               1,000


Total Fees                                                                              4,110               4,100




56           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective internal control system to safeguard the Group’s assets and
shareholders’ interests, and regularly conducts review and on-going monitoring on the risk management and
internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the implementation of the internal control system. Such
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has maintained an internal audit function and has established its internal control system focused on risk
management, including company management policies and systems in written form, clearly defined organizational
structure and responsibilities authorization system, stable and reliable financial management data and reports, and
stringent risk management and appraisal system on the supervision over internal control.

The Group continuously improves and regulates its internal control management policies and systems by strictly
complying with national laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements under the Stock Exchange. Through
objective identification, analysis and evaluation of the enterprise’s risk events as well as in-depth analysis of the
main aspects of internal control, the Group has established its internal control management system covering major
businesses and risk matters regarding its operation and management with limited management resources to focus
on core issues. The Group has adopted three-level risk management and internal control authorization structural
system: the Board, senior management and Group headquarters management center as well as all branches and
subsidiaries. The Board is the supreme decision-making body for the Company’s risk management and internal
control; the senior management and Group headquarters management center achieve effective identification and
control of the risks related to all material matters; and all branches and subsidiaries implement direct risk
management and internal control function for their respective operations.

With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
Company:

—     is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and
      the Listing Rules

—     conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
      Securities and Futures Commission

—     has included in the code of conduct of the Company a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential
      or inside information

—     ensures, through the Company’s own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by
      senior management, the appropriate handling and dissemination of inside information

The Group has commenced risk assessment by conducting risk ranking, and in the previous year, the significant
risks were under control and their rankings have dropped. In addition, the Group has formulated risk management
plan to ensure the identification, assessment, management, control and reporting of all significant risks of the Group
are carried out according to a unified guideline, and are reported to the senior management, Audit Committee and
the Board when necessary. Such guideline stipulates the group risk management policies and procedures which are
carried out with the common risk management methods.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          57
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has annually reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of the
implementation of its risk management and internal control systems, which covered all material financial,
operational and compliance control and risk management. The Company considered them effective and adequate.
The independent internal control consultant and the internal audit department reported directly to the audit
committee, compliance committee and/or the Board semi-annually. There were no significant risks identified by the
independent internal control consultant in the risk assessment.

In addition, the Board reviewed and considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
training programmes and relevant budget of the Company’s accounting, risk management, internal audit and
financial reporting functions.

The Board considers that the Group was able to maintain established and effective risk management and internal
control systems during the year ended December 31, 2022.

COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary of the Company is Ms. Hu Yi (“Ms. Hu”). At present, Ms. Hu is responsible for investor
relations, corporate finance and corporate governance of the Group.

In compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Ms. Hu had taken no less than 15 hours of the
relevant professional training on review of Listing Rules and other compliance requirements during the year ended
December 31, 2022.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company encourages the Shareholders to attend the general meetings of the Company. Directors, chairman of
each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee (or a
delegated member of the Committee), chairman of the independent board committee (if any) and management will
attend the annual general meeting to answer queries about the Group’s business.

The Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) and for Putting
Forward Proposals at General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 64 of Articles of Association, extraordinary general meeting of the Company shall be convened
on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such
requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company at the headquarter of the
Company in the PRC, which is presently situated at Room 1306, No. 88 Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
200030, for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified
in such requisition and signed by the requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar and upon its confirmation that the
request is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.




58         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and
accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director is posted on the website of the
Company.

Investor Relations and Communications with Shareholders

The Company has formulated shareholders’ communication policy. Pursuant to the shareholders’ communication
policy, the Company holds general meetings which offer a valuable forum to Shareholders for dialogue and
interaction with management. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies
to attend and vote at general meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the general meetings.
Shareholders may also put forward their enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company. The Board
members, chairmen or members of respective Board committees, and external auditor of the Company and such
other person as the Board deems appropriate shall attend the general meetings of the Company to respond to
questions addressed to the Company.

The Company also takes various steps to solicit and understand views of the Shareholders, investors and
stakeholders. During the Year, the Board has reviewed and was satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness
of the shareholders’ communication policy. The Company will continue to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the
Shareholders and review the shareholders’ communication policy regularly to ensure its effectiveness.

Shareholders, investors and members of the public should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar. The contact details for the Hong Kong Share Registrar are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shop 1712–1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Email: hkinfo@computershare.com.hk
Website: www.computershare.com

To contact the Company in relation to your query on investor relations, or for Shareholders who intend to put
forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board, the contact details are as follows:

Address: Room 1306, No. 88 North Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
Telephone: (86) 21 54255151 (board secretary office)
Email: ir@fsygroup.com

Constitutional Documents

During the year ended December 31, 2022 there had been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          59
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 65 to 182, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit
or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




60         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions


We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill        Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
arising from acquisitions of businesses as a key audit     of goodwill arising from acquisitions included:
matter due to significance of the Group’s goodwill in
the context of the consolidated financial statements,      •     Obtaining an understanding of the management

combined with the significant judgement and estimates            controls over the impairment assessment of

exercised by the management.                                     goodwill;

                                                           •     Examining the determination of recoverable
As disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial
                                                                 amounts which are the value in use of CGUs to
statements, as at December 31, 2022, the carrying
                                                                 which goodwill has been allocated and obtaining an
amount of goodwill amounted to approximately
                                                                 understanding of financial positions and future
RMB1,091 million.
                                                                 prospects of respective CGUs;

As set out in Note 4 to the consolidated financial
                                                           •     Obtaining the cash flow forecasts prepared by the
statements, the impairment assessment of goodwill is
                                                                 management, reviewing and discussing with the
dependent on certain significant inputs and
                                                                 management on the major assumptions adopted in
estimations that involve the management’s judgement,
                                                                 the cash flow forecasts for each CGUs and
including the calculation of value in use of each cash-
                                                                 checking arithmetic accuracy of the forecast
generating units (“CGUs”) to which goodwill has been
                                                                 calculation;
allocated. In estimate the value in use of the CGUs, key
assumptions include projections of cash flows, growth      •     Comparing cash flow projections to supporting
rates and discount rates based on the management’s               evidence, such as approved budgets, and
view of future business. Details of such estimations are         evaluating the reasonableness of these budgets
disclosed in Note 17.                                            with reference to the past performance and future
                                                                 prospects of respective CGUs as well as our
                                                                 knowledge of the business;

                                                           •     Comparing the growth rates used to historical
                                                                 growth rates for business of respective CGUs;

                                                           •     Assessing the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
                                                                 management on the significant assumptions to
                                                                 evaluate the extent of impact of these assumptions
                                                                 on the cash flow forecasts; and

                                                           •     Engaging our internal valuation expert to assess the
                                                                 discount rates used in the impairment assessment
                                                                 model by benchmarking against independent data.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022         61
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




62         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the Directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
      cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022        63
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Jacky Wong Suk Hung.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

March 17, 2023




64        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
        AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                NOTES             RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                            5              2,171,626        2,325,848
Operating expenditures
  Staff costs                                                                      (463,624)        (469,616)
  Construction costs                                                               (123,266)        (167,358)
  Consumed materials and goods                                                     (162,065)        (177,538)
  Outsourced service costs                                                          (55,417)            (53,122)
  Marketing and sales channel costs                                                 (43,155)            (43,986)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                    (155,953)        (146,734)
  Other general operating expenditures                                             (153,616)        (197,643)
  Inventory changes                                                                 17,035               28,448
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model (“ECL”),
    net of reversal                                                                  (1,238)             (3,821)


Profit from operations                                                            1,030,327        1,094,478
Other income, gains and losses                                     6                74,293              103,580
Share of loss of a joint venture                                                     (7,407)            (11,577)
Finance costs                                                      7                 (5,008)             (7,246)


Profit before taxation                                             8              1,092,205        1,179,235
Income tax expense                                                10               (281,476)        (289,591)


Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                 810,729              889,644



Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                              658,596              720,033
Non-controlling interests                                                          152,133              169,611


                                                                                   810,729              889,644



                                                                                 RMB cents        RMB cents
Earnings per share — Basic                                        12                   29.0                31.6


                      — Diluted                                   12                   29.0                31.6




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022         65
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                31/12/2022   31/12/2021
                                                                    NOTES        RMB’000      RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                                13           571,861     582,636
Right-of-use assets                                                   14           116,711     115,122
Investment property                                                   15             6,509        6,509
Intangible assets                                                     16           273,614     266,335
Goodwill                                                              17         1,091,243    1,048,660
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)       24            38,110       38,110
Deposits paid for acquisition leasehold land as cemetery assets                     29,117       27,454
Cemetery assets                                                       18         1,930,650    1,937,662
Investment in an associate                                                            750         5,750
Investment in a joint venture                                         20           132,960     190,249
Restricted deposits                                                   19            81,394       69,379
Deferred tax assets                                                   21            81,290       76,630
Other long-term assets                                                               5,000        5,000


                                                                                 4,359,209    4,369,496


Current assets
Inventories                                                           22           558,958     544,487
Trade and other receivables                                           23           423,116     159,624
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 24           487,883     965,973
Time deposits                                                         25            33,467     285,677
Bank balances and cash                                                26         1,942,233    1,075,606
Contract assets                                                                     11,025        4,587


                                                                                 3,456,682    3,035,954


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                              27           699,530     761,339
Lease liabilities                                                     30            25,239       17,276
Contract liabilities                                                  28            96,456       72,508
Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries               29            32,958       27,184
Income tax liabilities                                                             179,938     202,880


                                                                                 1,034,121    1,081,187


Net current assets                                                               2,422,561    1,954,767


Total assets less current liabilities                                            6,781,770    6,324,263




66         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                              AT DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                      31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                     NOTES             RMB’000           RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                      30                 39,464              44,140
Contract liabilities                                                   28                456,237             434,022
Deferred tax liabilities                                               21                134,215             137,068
Other long-term liabilities                                                               37,850              36,713


                                                                                         667,766             651,943


Net assets                                                                             6,114,004        5,672,320



Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                          31                142,148             142,179
Reserves                                                               32              5,333,610        4,901,261


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                           5,475,758        5,043,440
Non-controlling interests                                                                638,246             628,880


Total equity                                                                           6,114,004        5,672,320


The consolidated financial statements on page 65 to 182 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 17, 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                           Bai XiaoJiang                                        Wang Jisheng
                            DIRECTOR                                              DIRECTOR




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        67
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                                                                                 Subtotal
                                                                                                                                              attributable
                                                                                             Statutory                 Share                   to owners          Non-
                                                Share    Treasury       Share      Special    surplus      Other       option    Retained           of the   controlling
                                               capital    shares     premium       reserve    reserve     reserve     reserve      profits      Company        interests       Total
                                              RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

At January 1, 2021                            141,510    (187,711)   1,422,309     84,667     177,803    (105,993)      9,110    3,026,186      4,567,881       574,205    5,142,086
Profit and total comprehensive income
    for the year                                   —           —            —           —          —           —           —      720,033         720,033       169,611     889,644
Acquisition of subsidiaries                        —           —            —           —          —           —           —           —               —           (690)        (690)
Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                      —           —      (214,346)         —          —           —           —            —        (214,346)           —      (214,346)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                   —           —            —           —          —           —           —            —              —       (128,437)    (128,437)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve              —           —            —           —      15,299          —           —       (15,299)            —             —            —
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                   —           —            —           —          —           —           —            —              —         14,191      14,191
Shares purchased by trustee under the
    restricted share incentive scheme
    (Note 33(b))                                   —      (71,958)          —           —          —           —           —            —         (71,958)           —       (71,958)
Exercise of share options                         669          —       50,271           —          —           —       (9,110)          —          41,830            —       41,830


At December 31, 2021                          142,179    (259,669)   1,258,234     84,667     193,102    (105,993)         —     3,730,920      5,043,440       628,880    5,672,320



Profit and total comprehensive income
    for the year                                   —           —            —           —          —           —           —      658,596         658,596       152,133     810,729
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 34)              —           —            —           —          —           —           —           —               —         (3,220)      (3,220)
Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                      —           —      (230,159)         —          —           —           —            —        (230,159)           —      (230,159)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                   —           —            —           —          —           —           —            —              —       (100,587)    (100,587)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve              —           —            —           —      12,859          —           —       (12,859)            —             —            —
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of
    a subsidiary (note)                            —           —            —           —          —         960           —            —             960       (38,960)     (38,000)
Shares purchased by trustee under the
    restricted share incentive scheme
    (Note 33(b))                                   —        4,840           —           —          —           —           —            —           4,840            —         4,840
Repurchase and cancellation of shares
    (Note 31)                                     (31)         —        (1,888)         —          —           —           —            —          (1,919)           —        (1,919)


At December 31, 2022                          142,148    (254,829)   1,026,187     84,667     205,961    (105,033)         —     4,376,657      5,475,758       638,246    6,114,004



Note:

During the year, the Group entered into agreements with the non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiary Liaoning Guanlingshan
Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd. (遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司) (“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”), to acquire 10%
non-controlling interests in Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery with total consideration of RMB38,000,000. The difference between
non-controlling interests and fair value of consideration is recognized directly in equity under “other reserve” and attributed to
owners of the Company.




68                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                           Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                               1,092,205       1,179,235
Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                                            5,008              7,246
Interest income                                                                        (13,723)           (14,869)
Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                                (30,574)           (27,966)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                                 52,305              51,321
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    24,122              23,802
Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                        64,227              62,293
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                      15,299               9,318
Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                             47                572
Investment income from acquisition of subsidiary                                        (9,242)               —
Share of loss of a joint venture                                                         7,407             11,577
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                      1,238              3,821


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                             1,208,319       1,306,350
Increase in restricted deposits                                                        (12,015)            (7,976)
Increase in cemetery assets and inventories                                             (5,216)           (47,617)
Increase in deposits paid for acquisition of leasehold land as cemetery
  assets                                                                                (1,663)            (8,070)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                                (29,145)           (65,741)
(Decrease) increase in trade and other payables                                        (39,875)            13,238
Increase in contract liabilities                                                       46,163              73,463


Cash generated from operations                                                       1,166,568       1,263,647
Income taxes paid                                                                     (313,635)       (271,278)


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                    852,933             992,369




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022         69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                                   2022        2021
                                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of and deposits paid for property and equipment and landscape
  and facilities                                                                 (69,532)   (123,181)
Prepayments and purchase of computer software                                    (10,802)     (5,449)
Payment for concession agreement                                                  (4,734)    (43,950)
Payment for right-of-use assets                                                       —       (3,022)
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                     3,856      1,266
Considerations paid for acquisition of subsidiaries                              (82,142)    (99,224)
Repayment of entrusted loans                                                          —       6,950
Interest received                                                                 13,873     17,063
Received gain from fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                31,409     27,131
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                      285,677         —
Placement of time deposits                                                       (33,467)   (285,677)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                           (372,645)   (910,621)
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                                          659,900    927,575
Investment in an associate                                                            —       (5,000)
Investment in joint ventures                                                          —     (152,161)
Withdrawal of investment in a joint venture                                       49,882          —
Loan to third parties in connection with cemetery projects                       (58,040)         —


NET CASH FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                     413,235    (648,300)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New borrowings raised                                                                 —       5,000
Repayment of borrowings                                                               —      (54,360)
Loans raised from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                        —         200
Repayments of loans to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries               (4,410)     (9,000)
Investment from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                          —      14,191
Interest paid                                                                     (1,065)     (3,220)
Repayments of loan from the third parties                                             —      (56,800)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                         (40,134)     (1,100)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                  (100,587)   (128,437)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                         (230,159)   (214,346)
Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                  (1,919)         —
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                               —      41,830
Proceeds (payment) for shares purchased by trustee under the restricted
  share incentive scheme                                                           4,840     (71,958)
Repayments of leases liabilities                                                 (25,577)    (23,884)
Repayments of other long-term liabilities                                           (530)       (601)




70         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                     (399,541)       (502,485)


NET INCREASE (DECREASE) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                         866,627         (158,416)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                   1,075,606       1,234,022


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
 REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                                   1,942,233       1,075,606




                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022      71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated on January 5, 2012 as
     an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law of Cayman
     Islands and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     December 19, 2013. The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in the annual report. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) are mainly engaged in the sale of burial plots, provision of funeral services and provision of cemetery
     maintenance services as set out in Note 41.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”)

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board, for the first time, which are mandatory effective for the annual period beginning
     on or after January 1, 2022 for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IFRS 3                 Reference to the Conceptual Framework
     Amendments to IAS 16                 Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use
     Amendments to IAS 37                 Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
     Amendments to IFRSs                  Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–2020

     The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.

     2.1    Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework

            The Group has applied the amendments to business combinations for which the acquisition date was
            on or after January 1, 2022. The amendments update a reference in IFRS 3 Business Combinations so
            that it refers to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by IASB in March 2018 (the
            “Conceptual Framework”) instead of the International Accounting Standards Committee’s Framework
            for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework
            for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010), add a requirement that, for transactions and events
            within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21 Levies,
            an acquirer applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it
            has assumed in a business combination and add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not
            recognize contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

            The application of this amendment has had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
            statements.




72         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     2.2   Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds
           before Intended Use

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments specify
           that the costs of any item that were produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to
           the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
           management (such as samples produced when testing whether the relevant property, plant and
           equipment is functioning properly) and the proceeds from selling such items should be recognized and
           measured in the profit or loss in accordance with applicable standards. The cost of the items are
           measured in accordance with IAS 2 Inventories .

           In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied the new accounting policy
           retrospectively to property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of
           January 1, 2021.

           The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s financial
           positions and performance.

     2.3   Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 37 Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a
           Contract

           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments specify
           that, when an entity assesses whether a contract is onerous in accordance with IAS 37, the unavoidable
           costs under a contract should reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of
           the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it. Costs of fulfilling
           the contract include incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling
           contracts (e.g. an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment
           used in fulfilling the contract).

           In accordance with the transitional provisions, the amendments are applicable to contracts for which the
           Group has not yet fulfilled all its obligations as at the date of initial application, January 1, 2022.

           The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s financial
           positions and performance.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022            73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     2.4    Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRSs Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–2020

            The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The annual improvements
            make amendments to the following standards:

            IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

            The amendment clarifies that for the purpose of assessing whether modification of terms of original
            financial liability constitutes substantial modification under the “10 per cent” test, a borrower includes
            only fees paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by
            either the borrower or the lender on the other’s behalf.

            In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group applies the amendment to financial liabilities
            that are modified or exchanged as at the date of initial application, January 1, 2022.

            IFRS 16 Leases

            The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16 removes from the example the
            illustration of reimbursement relating to leasehold improvements by the lessor in order to remove any
            potential confusion.

     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:

     IFRS 17                                                     Insurance Contracts1
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                                   and its Associate or Joint Venture2
     Amendments to IFRS 16                                       Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
     Amendments to IAS 1                                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
     Amendments to IAS 1                                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice                       Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
      Statement 2
     Amendments to IAS 8                                         Definition of Accounting Estimates1
     Amendments to IAS 12                                        Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                   arising from a Single Transaction1
     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or January 1, 2024.

     Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the application
     of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements
     in the foreseeable future.




74         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
     Transaction

     The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax
     assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
     initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     As disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing transactions in which the tax
     deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the relevant
     assets and liabilities as a whole. Temporary differences relating to relevant assets and liabilities are assessed
     on a net basis.

     Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognize a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
     probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised)
     and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with the right-of-
     use assets and the lease liabilities.

     The amendments are effective for the Group’s annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2023. As at
     December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities which are subject to the
     amendments amounted to RMB116,711,000 and RMB64,703,000, respectively.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by IASB.
           For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
           material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
           addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
           Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies
           Ordinance.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
           properties and financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period,
           as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

           Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
           services.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements — continued

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
            directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an
            asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
            participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
            measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
            financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that
            are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
            value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
            generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
            market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

            For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
            technique that unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the
            valuation technique is calibrated so that an initial recognition the results of the valuation technique
            equals the transaction price.

            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3
            based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
            significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

            •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                  the entity can access at the measurement date;

            •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
                  the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

            •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     3.2    Significant accounting policies

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where the Group:

            •     has power over the investee;

            •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




76         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Basis of consolidation — continued

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
           investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities
           of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
           whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

           •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
                 other vote holders;

           •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

           •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

           •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
                 current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including
                 voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
           other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
           ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
           to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
           controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
           represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
           relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022            77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Changes in the Group interests in existing subsidiaries

            Changes in the Group interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
            subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
            components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
            relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
            the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interest’s proportionate
            interests.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
            value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of
            the Company.

            Business combinations or asset acquisitions

            Optional concentration test

            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
            permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business.
            The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
            concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under
            assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the
            effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
            determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

            Asset acquisitions

            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
            identifies and recognizes the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
            the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining
            balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis
            of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or
            bargain purchase gain.




78         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Business combinations or asset acquisitions — continued

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
           process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are
           considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
           organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
           processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
           considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability
           to continue producing outputs.

           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
           transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the
           acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the
           former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
           the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

           For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after January 1, 2022, the identifiable
           assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the
           Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by IASB in March 2018 (the “Conceptual
           Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, in which the
           Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has
           assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognized.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022           79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Business combinations or asset acquisitions — continued

            Business combinations — continued

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at
            their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

            •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements
                  are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                  Benefits respectively;

            •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                  share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                  arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                  the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

            •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                  current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                  standard; and

            •     lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                  (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                  for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                  underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
                  amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                  lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
            controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
            as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
            liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if
            any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a Bargain purchase gain from acquisition.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
            share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
            controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
            assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.




80         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Business combinations or asset acquisitions — continued

           Business combinations-continued — continued

           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
           and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
           value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
           retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
           obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
           about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
           adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is
           classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
           remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
           recognized in profit or loss.

           When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
           acquire is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
           and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
           appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have
           previously been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 Financial
           Instruments (“IFRS 9”) would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had
           disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

           If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
           which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
           accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
           “measurement period” (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognized, to reflect new
           information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
           would have affected the amounts recognized at that date.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Goodwill

            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
            acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
            any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
            units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
            management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

            A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
            tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
            impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group
            of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end
            of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying
            amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to
            the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of
            each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

            On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
            cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
            amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-
            generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
            goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
            generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of CGUs) retained.

            Investments in associates and joint ventures

            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
            power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
            joint control over those policies.

            A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
            rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
            control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
            unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.




82         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

           The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
           consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
           associates and joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
           accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
           Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognized in the
           consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s
           share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. Changes in
           net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
           not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
           When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that
           associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
           Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share
           of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
           constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

           An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
           on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an
           associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net
           fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognized as goodwill, which is
           included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
           value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is
           recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
           venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
           investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
           comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its
           carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that
           forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized
           in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
           increases.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

            When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
            venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss
            being recognized in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint
            venture and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the
            retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial
            recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair
            value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in the associate
            or joint venture is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint
            venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
            income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that
            associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or
            loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be
            reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the
            gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal
            of the relevant associate or joint venture.

            When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
            resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group’s
            consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are
            not related to the Group.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures

            The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
            investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate.
            There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

            When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group
            continues to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
            loss that had previously been recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in
            ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related
            assets or liabilities.

            Acquisition of additional interests in associates or joint ventures

            When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group
            continues to use the equity method, goodwill is recognized at acquisition date if there is excess of the
            consideration paid over the share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional
            interests in associates or joint ventures acquired. Any excess of share of carrying amount of net assets
            attributable to the additional interests in associates or joint ventures acquired over the consideration
            paid are recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired.




84         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Interests in joint operations

           A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
           have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement. Joint control
           is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
           about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

           The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint
           operation in accordance with the IFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and
           expenses.

           When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a
           sale or contribution of assets), the Group is considered to be conducting the transaction with the other
           parties to the joint operation, and gains and losses resulting from the transactions are recognized in the
           consolidated financial statements only to the extent of other parties’ interests in the joint operation.

           When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a
           purchase of assets), the Group does not recognize its share of the gains and losses until it resells those
           assets to a third party.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
           the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligations is transferred to the customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress
           towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
           met:

           •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                  performance as the Group performs;

           •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                  performs; or

           •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                  Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

           Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
           good or service.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022            85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Revenue from contracts with customers — continued

            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
            the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
            accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
            consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
            which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
            on a net basis.

            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transactions
            price to each performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
            determined at inception date. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or
            service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group
            estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any
            performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group experts to be entitled in
            exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to customer.

            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation

            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
            expected cost, which is to recognize revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the
            goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
            promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods
            or services.




86         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Principal versus agent

           When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
           whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services
           itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other
           party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

           The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
           transferred to a customer.

           The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
           or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service
           provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group
           acts as an agent, it recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be
           entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

           Contract costs

           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract

           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
           a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

           The Group recognizes such costs (sales commission) as an asset if it expects to recover these costs.
           The asset so recognized is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
           consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.

           The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if
           these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022          87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Contract costs — continued

            Costs to fulfil a contract

            The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in service contracts. The Group first assesses whether these
            costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognizes
            an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

            (a)   the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
                  identify;

            (b)   the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                  continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

            (c)   the costs are expected to be recovered.

            The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
            consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The
            asset is subject to impairment review.

            Leases

            Definition of a lease

            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
            asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

            For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS16 or arising from
            business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the
            definition under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
            contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
            changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis
            when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not
            differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.




88         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
           components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
           basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
           the non-lease components.

           Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
           prices.

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of
           low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the
           lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                 received;

           •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

           •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                 assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                 required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                 inventories.

           Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model,
           right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities
           resulting from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022          89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Leases — continued

            The Group as a lessee — continued

            Right-of-use assets — continued

            Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
            leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the
            useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its
            estimated useful life and the lease term.

            The Group presents right-of-use assets that directly related to cemetery in cemetery assets and transfer
            to inventory upon commencement of development.

            The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property and
            cemetery assets or inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Refundable rental deposits

            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
            in the cost of right-of-use assets.

            Lease liabilities

            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
            incentives receivable.

            Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
            market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
            recognized as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.




90         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Lease liabilities — continued

           The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
           use assets) whenever:

           •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                 option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                 payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

           •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
                 which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                 using the initial discount rate.

           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
           position.

           Lease modifications

           Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the
           Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                 assets; and

           •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                 for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                 circumstances of the particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
           liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
           revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
           the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
           more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
           contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component
           and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022          91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Leases — continued

            The Group as a lessee — continued

            Covid-19-related rent concessions

            In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the
            Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease
            modification if all of the following conditions are met:

            •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
                  same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

            •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before June 30, 2021;
                  and

            •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

            A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
            concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not a
            lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease
            payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a
            corresponding adjustment recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

            The Group as a lessor

            Classification and measurement of leases

            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
            of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
            asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as
            operating leases.

            Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
            of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are
            added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a
            straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
            model.

            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

            When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
            from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
            components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
            stand-alone selling prices.



92         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessor — continued

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

           Lease modification

           Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
           accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or
           reduction of rentals.

           Operating leases

           The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
           the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
           part of the lease payments for the new lease.

           For rent concession under which the Group legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make
           specifically identified lease payment, of which some of these lease payments are contractually due but
           not paid and some of them are not yet contractually due, the Group accounts for the portions which
           have been recognized as operating lease receivables (i.e. the lease payments which are contractually
           due but not paid) by applying the ECL and derecognition requirements under IFRS 9 and applies lease
           modification requirements for the forgiven lease payments that the Group has not recognized (i.e. the
           lease payments which are not yet contractually due) as at the effective date of modification.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
           than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges
           prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
           denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
           items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
           items, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022       93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Borrowing costs

            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or
            sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
            intended use or sale.

            Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
            sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalization rate on general
            borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

            All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

            Government grants

            Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
            with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants that are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
            the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
            Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
            or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognized as a deduction from the carrying amount of the
            relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a
            systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

            Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
            already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
            related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants
            are presented under “other income, gains and losses”.

            Employee benefits

            Retirement benefit costs

            Payments to the state-managed retirement benefit scheme and Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in
            Hong Kong which was established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in
            December 2000 (the “MPF Scheme”) which are defined contribution schemes, are charged as an
            expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.




94         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Employee benefits — continued

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
           be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized
           as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an
           asset.

           A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
           and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

           Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to the Directors and employees are measured at the fair value of
           the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair values of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant-date without taking
           into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
           period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
           corresponding increase in equity (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
           revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all
           relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
           recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
           corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

           When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
           exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to retained profits.

           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022          95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Taxation

            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
            before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
            that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
            have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
            liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
            computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary
            differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the
            extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
            differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary
            difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
            liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,
            deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
            goodwill.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
            temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
            future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
            investments are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
            profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
            to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
            part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
            in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
            enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
            carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




96         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Taxation — continued

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
           value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
           sales, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
           depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
           economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sales.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the
           right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences
           relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation
           on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net
           deductible temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
           assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred
           tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current
           tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is
           included in the accounting for the business combination.

           Property and equipment

           Property and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
           services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below) are
           stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
           depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
           cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
           asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
           the management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
           qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.
           Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets
           are ready for their intended use.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022           97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

            Property and equipment — continued

            When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold
            land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
            building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
            allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
            “right-of-use assets” and “cemetery asset” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
            consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
            the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

            Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction
            less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
            useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
            with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

            An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
            are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
            retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

            Investment property

            Investment property is property held to earn rentals and capital appreciation.

            Investment property is initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment property is measured at its fair value, adjusted to exclude
            any prepaid or accrued operating lease income.

            Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment property is included in profit or loss
            for the period in which it arise.

            An investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss
            arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
            and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
            derecognized.




98         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Intangible assets

           Intangible assets acquired separately

           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
           with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
           estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
           effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with
           indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
           impairment losses.

           When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for
           providing construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognizes an intangible asset at
           fair value upon initial recognition. The intangible asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
           and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognized on a straight-line basis over their
           estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
           each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
           basis.

           Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
           phase of an internal project) is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

           •        the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

           •        the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

           •        the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

           •        how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

           •        the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                    and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

           •        the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                    development.




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022            99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Intangible assets — continued

             Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure — continued

             The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
             incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
             no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognized, development expenditure is recognized in
             profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

             Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
             accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
             assets that are acquired separately.

             Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

             Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are
             initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

             Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
             lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
             the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
             business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
             impairment losses.

             An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
             from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at
             the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are
             recognized in profit or loss in the period when the asset is derecognized.

             Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
             goodwill

             At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
             equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is
             any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
             recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if
             any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are
             tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

             The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
             estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
             Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.




100         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
           goodwill — continued

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
           or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
           in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
           amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
           amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
           and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of
           cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate
           assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
           cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce
           the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
           based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
           carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
           measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would
           otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the
           group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-
           generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
           recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
           that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a cash-
           generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
           recognized immediately in profit or loss.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022        101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Cemetery assets

             Cemetery assets consist of leasehold land, cost of initial land development, and cost of landscaping for
             the general public areas of the cemetery, except for the leasehold land element which is measured at
             cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets are
             carried at the lower of costs less accumulated amortisation and net realizable value prior to the
             commencement of development of the cemetery. Amortisation for cemetery assets is provided on a
             straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the cemetery assets and is recognized in profit or
             loss.

             Upon commencement of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course
             of business of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to
             inventories.

             Cash and cash equivalents

             Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

             (a)     cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                     subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                     cash; and

             (b)     cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                     or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                     which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                     purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

             Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included
             as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash.
             Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in Note 19.

             Inventories

             Inventories include cemetery assets developed and ready for sale, cemetery assets under development,
             and tombstones and urns. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured at cost model in
             accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets under development,
             and tombstones and urns are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated
             using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for
             inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
             necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
             incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.




102         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Provisions

           Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
           a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
           estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
           present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
           surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
           present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
           time value of money is material).

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
           recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
           sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or
           convention in the market place.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
           arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
           Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
           liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the
           fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
           costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
           recognized immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
           financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
           effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
           (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
           transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
           financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022          103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial assets

             Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

             •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                   flows; and

             •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                   principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

             •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                   collecting contractual cash flows; and

             •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                   principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial
             application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
             subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
             investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a
             business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

             A financial asset is held for trading if:

             •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

             •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                   manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

             •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

             In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
             the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
             accounting mismatch.




104         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets — continued

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
                  FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                  amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                  impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
                  interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the
                  financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                  instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                  recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                  asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no
                  longer credit-impaired.

           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                  designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                  fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or
                  loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
                  income, gains and losses” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
           assets (including trade and other receivables, time deposits, bank balances and cash and restricted
           deposits) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at
           each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
           the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
           that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
           Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
           are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
           conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022       105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial assets — continued

             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

             The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing
             component.

             For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
             has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognizes lifetime ECL.
             The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the
             likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

             (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                          available) or internal credit rating;

                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                          in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                   •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                          technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                          ability to meet its debt obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                   increased since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due,
                   unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.




106         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk — continued

                   Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
                   increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
                   credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has
                   a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                   obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
                   longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
                   cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has
                   an internal or external credit rating of investment grade as per globally understood definitions.

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                   been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria
                   are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                   held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                   more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental
                   impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                   financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                         financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                         not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                         reorganization.



                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022        107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial assets — continued

             Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

             (iv)   Write-off policy

                    The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                    in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                    counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                    Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                    recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                    derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.

             (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                    magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                    information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                    determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
                    practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                    consideration historical credit loss experience and forward-looking information that is available
                    without undue cost or effort.

                    Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                    in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                    at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                    Lifetime ECL for certain trade and other receivables are considered on a collective basis taking
                    into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                    macroeconomic information.

                    For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                    formulating the grouping:

                    •     Nature of financial instruments;

                    •     Past-due status; and

                    •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.




108         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

           (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL — continued

                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management to ensure the constituents of each group
                   continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                   financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised
                   cost of the financial asset.

                   The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                   adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables where the
                   corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
           asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
           risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its
           retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
           retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or
           loss.

           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

      3.2    Significant accounting policies — continued

             Financial instruments — continued

             Financial liabilities and equity — continued

             Equity instruments

             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
             deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
             received, net of direct issue costs.

             Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No
             gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
             own equity instruments.

             Financial liabilities at amortised cost

             Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings and loans from non-controlling
             shareholders of subsidiaries are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
             method.

             Derecognition of financial liabilities

             The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
             discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
             liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.

             Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

             A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
             financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
             recognized amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the
             liability simultaneously.




110         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the Directors are required
     to make judgement, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year are as follows:

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     The impairment assessment of goodwill is dependent on certain significant inputs and estimations that involve
     the management’s judgement, including the calculation of the value in use of each cash-generating unit to
     which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash
     flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit, growth rate and a suitable discount rate in order to
     calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and
     circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a
     material impairment may arise. As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of goodwill are approximately
     RMB1,091,243,000 (2021: RMB1,048,660,000). Details of recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in
     Note 17.

     Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible
     assets and cemetery assets

     The management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation or amortisation method in
     determining the related depreciation or amortisation charges for its property and equipment, right-of-use
     assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets. This estimate is based on the management’s experience of the
     actual useful lives of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets of
     similar nature and functions. In addition, management assesses impairment whenever events or changes in
     circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an item of property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
     intangible assets and cemetery assets may not be recoverable. Management will increase the depreciation or
     amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write off or write
     down obsolete assets that have been abandoned or impaired. When the actual useful lives or recoverable
     amounts of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets differ from the
     original estimates, adjustment will be made and recognized in the period in which such event takes place.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022          111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

      Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible
      assets and cemetery assets — continued

      As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of property and equipment are approximately
      RMB571,861,000 (2021: RMB582,636,000). No impairment indicators on property and equipment were
      identified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Details of movement are disclosed in Note
      13. As at December 31, 2022 the carrying amounts of intangible assets are approximately RMB273,614,000
      (2021: RMB266,335,000). No impairment indicators on intangible assets were identified during the years
      ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 16. As at December 31,
      2022, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets are approximately RMB116,711,000 (2021:
      RMB115,122,000). No impairment indicators on right-of-use assets were identified during the year ended
      December 31, 2022 and 2021. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 14. As at December 31, 2022, the
      carrying amounts of cemetery assets are approximately RMB1,930,650,000 (2021: RMB1,937,662,000). No
      impairment indicators on cemetery assets were identified during the year ended December 31, 2022 and
      2021. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 18.

      Estimated cemetery maintenance income

      The Group estimates cemetery maintenance income to be separated performance obligation from the sale of
      burial plots each period. The consideration of cemetery maintenance income is determined by the expected
      cost plus a margin approach. The expected cost is based on cost of maintaining the cemetery over the
      service period, which includes labour cost, general and administrative expenses, and cost of maintenance of
      landscaping. The Group also considered factors such as increase in labour cost in future periods when
      estimating cemetery maintenance expense. Cemetery maintenance expense is marked up at a reasonable
      profit and is allocated to individual transaction to arrive at the amount of cemetery maintenance service price.
      The transaction price allocated to these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial
      sales transaction and is released based on expected cost over the period of service. Contract liability is
      reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If it is considered that cemetery maintenance income to be
      released is insufficient to cover the expected cost of maintenance, the Group will adjust the consideration of
      cemetery maintenance income in contract liabilities to fully cover the expected cost of maintenance. As at
      December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of contract liabilities for cemetery maintenance services are
      approximately RMB509,523,000 (2021: RMB467,804,000), as disclosed in Note 28.




112       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2022

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Geographical markets
                 Mainland China                                                        2,154,712            2,325,848
                 Overseas                                                                 16,914                   —


                                                                                       2,171,626            2,325,848



                 Timing of revenue recognition
                 A point in time                                                       2,107,968            2,232,447
                 Over time                                                                63,658               93,401


                 Total                                                                 2,171,626            2,325,848


          (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                 Sales of burial plots with maintenance services

                 The Group sells burial plots and provide cemetery maintenance services.

                 Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the control of burial plots is transferred
                 to the customer, being when the right to use of burial plots has been passed. Payment of the
                 transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the burial plots.

                 The cemetery maintenance service is considered to be a distinct service. Transaction price is
                 allocated between sales of burial plots and the maintenance services. The contract price for the
                 cemetery maintenance services is based on a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair
                 value of such services. The Group estimates the fair value of the cemetery maintenance service
                 income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing such cemetery maintenance
                 services plus a reasonable margin, less total future maintenance fees to be received. Revenue
                 relating to the maintenance services is recognized over time. The transaction price allocated to
                 these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial sales transaction and is
                 released based on expected cost over the period of service.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022         113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

      A.    For the year ended December 31, 2022 — continued

            (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers — continued

                    Sales of funeral services

                    The Group offers services of planning funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting
                    of the funeral. Revenue from funeral services is recognized when services are provided. Except for
                    sales of pre-need contracts and services offered to local funeral administration authority, payment
                    of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the funeral services are provided. For
                    services offered to local funeral administration authority, the credit term is 0–90 days upon
                    service provided.

                    Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death
                    occurring. The payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, which gives rise to contract
                    liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is
                    offered.

            (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with
                    customers

                    The transaction price of cemetery maintenance services allocated to the remaining performance
                    obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2022 and the expected timing
                    of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                   Cemetery Maintenance Services
                                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                    Within one year                                                         53,286               33,782
                    More than one year                                                     456,237              434,022


                    Total                                                                  509,523              467,804


                    Regarding the nature of the pre-need contracts amounted to RMB43,170,000 (2021:
                    RMB38,726,000), the expected timing of revenue recognition is based on the request of the
                    customers.




114        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments

          Information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, being the Group’s chief operating decision
          maker (“CODM”), for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing
          performance, focuses on the products and services delivered or provided.

          The Group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows:

          •       Burial services — sale of burial plots and provision of cemetery maintenance services.

          •       Funeral services — planning of funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting of the
                  funeral.

          •       Others services — including provision of landscape and garden design services, construction
                  services, and production and sale of cremation machines and the related maintenance services.

          Segment revenues and results

          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
          segments:

                                                          Burial    Funeral      Other    Segment
                                                        services   services    services       Total   Eliminated        Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

          For the year ended December 31, 2022:
          External sales                               1,748,898    359,427     63,301    2,171,626           —     2,171,626
          Inter-segment sales                                —           —      24,328      24,328       (24,328)          —


          Total                                        1,748,898    359,427     87,629    2,195,954      (24,328)   2,171,626


          Segment profit (loss)                         986,017      48,357         93    1,034,467       (4,140)   1,030,327


          Other income, gains and losses                                                                              74,293
          Finance costs                                                                                                (5,008)
          Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                             (7,407)


          Profit before taxation                                                                                    1,092,205




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022            115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

      B.    Operating Segments — continued

            Segment revenues and results — continued

                                                       Burial    Funeral     Other     Segment
                                                     services   services   services        Total   Eliminated       Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

            For the year ended December 31, 2021:
            External sales                          1,907,676   331,970     86,202     2,325,848          —     2,325,848
            Inter-segment sales                           —          —      18,467       18,467      (18,467)          —


            Total                                   1,907,676   331,970    104,669     2,344,315     (18,467)   2,325,848


            Segment profit (loss)                   1,058,903    49,596     (18,240)   1,090,259       4,219    1,094,478


            Other income, gains and losses                                                                       103,580
            Finance costs                                                                                          (7,246)
            Share of loss of joint ventures                                                                       (11,577)


            Profit before taxation                                                                              1,179,235


            Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

            The accounting policies of the operating segments are same as those of the Group’s accounting
            policies. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other
            income, gains and losses, share of loss of a joint venture and finance costs. The CODM makes
            decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset and segment
            liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of
            resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment
            results are presented.




116        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments — continued

          Geographical information

          The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue from burial services and funeral
          services by region:

                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

          Shanghai                                                             964,745              997,379
          Henan                                                                 92,179              124,785
          Chongqing                                                             94,043               91,423
          Anhui                                                                193,146              213,450
          Shandong                                                             127,442               98,855
          Liaoning                                                             152,228              191,793
          Jiangxi                                                              104,226              122,731
          Fujian                                                                53,302               48,821
          Zhejiang                                                              44,634               43,793
          Jiangsu                                                              101,940              111,443
          Guangxi                                                               13,279               19,210
          Inner Mongolia                                                        16,291               17,600
          Guizhou                                                               53,041               52,387
          Hubei                                                                   1,326                801
          Heilongjiang                                                          83,056               88,951
          Gansu                                                                 13,447               16,224


          Total                                                               2,108,325         2,239,646


          Information about major customers

          No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended
          December 31, 2022 and 2021.




                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022       117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


6.    OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                     2022                  2021
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

      Other income:
      Interest income
      — bank deposits                                                                              13,723                14,869
      Government grants (Note i)                                                                   26,597                33,868
      Management service income                                                                     3,661                 7,974
      Other service income (Note ii)                                                                   —                 13,207


                                                                                                   43,981                69,918


      Net gains and losses:
      Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                                   (47)                (572)
      Donation                                                                                       (923)               (1,560)
      Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                                                              1,841                (3,273)
      Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                                      30,574                27,966
      Investment income (Note 34)                                                                   9,242                    —
      Loss on claims in litigation (Note iii)                                                     (18,767)                    —
      Others                                                                                        8,392                11,101


                                                                                                   30,312                33,662


      Other income, gains and losses                                                               74,293              103,580


      Note i:     The government grants represented the amount received from the local government by certain operating
                  subsidiaries of the Group to encourage the economic contributions to the society without any specific conditions.

      Note ii:    Other service income related to a one-off income recognized in 2021 from an entity invested by Hainan Tongyuan
                  Equity Investment Partners Corporation (Limited Partnership) (“Hainan Tongyuan”) in accordance with the service
                  contract.

      Note iii:   Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd. (“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”), one of the Group’s subsidiaries,
                  has settled the outstanding lawsuits as a defendant in 2022.




118         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


7.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Interest on:
     — borrowings                                                                         —                1,812
     — loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries (Note 29)               1,077               1,473
     — lease liabilities                                                               2,502               2,887
     — other long-term liabilities                                                     1,429               1,074


     Total finance costs                                                               5,008               7,246


8.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

     Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration:
     Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits                                       425,967             437,887
     Contributions to retirement benefits schemes (Note 38)                           37,657              31,729


     Total staff costs                                                               463,624             469,616


     Depreciation of property and equipment                                           52,305              51,321
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                15,299               9,318
     Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                  64,227              62,293
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              24,122              23,802
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                            4,110               4,100




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022       119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

      Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the Directors are as follows:

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

      Directors’ fees                                                                 8,860            8,880
      Other emoluments
        Discretionary bonus                                                           2,000            2,000
        Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                     76               76


                                                                                     10,936           10,956


      The emoluments of the Directors on a named basis are as follows:

      For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                         Chief
                                                     Executive
                                                        Wang                         Tan Leon
                                                      Jisheng    Bai Xiaojiang          Li-an          Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

      A) Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                    3,600           3,600            220          7,420
      Discretionary bonus                                1,000           1,000             —           2,000
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                                    38               38                —           76


      Sub-total                                          4,638           4,638            220          9,496


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.




120       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     For the year ended December 31, 2022 — continued

                                               Huang James
                                                 Chih-Cheng          Lu Hesheng         Zhou Lijie           Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

     B) Non-Executive Directors
     Directors’ fees                                       240              240               240             720
     Discretionary bonus                                    —                —                 —               —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                                      —                   —               —              —


     Sub-total                                             240              240               240             720


     The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
     its subsidiaries.

                                              Chen          Luo                       Liang
                                            Qunlin       Zhuping      Ho Man         Yanjun   Chen Xin       Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000
                                             (Note)

     C) Independent
         Non-Executive Directors
     Directors’ fees                             —           240          240           240          —        720
     Discretionary bonus                         —            —            —             —           —         —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                           —               —         —             —           —         —


     Sub-total                                   —           240          240           240          —        720


     Note: Chen Qunlin resigned on December 9, 2022.


     The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
     Company.

     Chen Qunlin and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or
     the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022     121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                             Chief Executive
                                              Wang Jisheng       Bai Xiaojiang   Tan Leon Li-an          Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

      A) Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                    3,600           3,600             240          7,440
      Discretionary bonus                                1,000           1,000              —           2,000
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                                    38               38               —             76


      Sub-total                                          4,638           4,638             240          9,516


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                              Huang
                                              James
                                         Chih-Cheng      Lu Hesheng       Ma Xiang      Zhou Lijie       Total
                                           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                              (Note)       (Note)

      B) Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                            240             240             55           185         720
      Discretionary bonus                         —               —              —             —           —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                              —            —              —                —        —


      Sub-total                                  240             240             55           185         720


      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
      its subsidiaries.




122        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     For the year ended December 31, 2021 — continued

                                               Chen           Luo                      Liang
                                              Qunlin      Zhuping      Ho Man        Yanjun     Chen Xin          Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Note)

     C) Independent
         Non-Executive Directors
     Directors’ fees                               —          240           240          240            —          720
     Discretionary bonus                           —           —             —            —             —           —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                             —            —            —            —             —            —


     Sub-total                                     —          240           240          240            —          720


     Note: Ma Xiang resigned on March 24, 2021; Zhou Lijie was appointed as non-executive director of the Company on March
           24, 2021; and Chen Xin was appointed as independent non-executive director of the Company on January 21, 2021.


     The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
     Company.

     Chen Qunlin and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or
     the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

     The five highest paid individuals of the Group included two directors (2021: two) for the year ended December
     31, 2022. The remuneration of the remaining three (2021: three) individuals who are neither a director nor chief
     executive of the Company during the year is as follows:

                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

     Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                     3,620                4,150
     Discretionary bonus                                                                    1,750                2,000
     Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                               49                  115


                                                                                            5,419                6,265




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022         123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:

                                                                                      Number of individuals
                                                                                             2022              2021

      Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                         2                  —
      HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000                                                                1                   2
      HK$2,500,001–HK$3,000,000                                                                —                  1
      HK$3,000,001–HK$3,500,000                                                                —                  —
      HK$5,000,001–HK$5,500,000                                                                2                  —
      HK$5,500,001–HK$6,000,000                                                                —                   2


                                                                                               5                   5


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)
      Current year                                                                     293,089           316,708
      Over provision in prior years                                                      (2,396)              (2,825)
      Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                             (9,217)          (24,292)


                                                                                       281,476           289,591




124       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

      The income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 can be reconciled to the profit
      before taxation as follows:

                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

      Profit before taxation                                                                    1,092,205             1,179,235



      Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2021: 25%)                                                  273,051               294,809
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                        11,553                  2,770
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                 —                  (1,263)
      Tax effect of different tax rates                                                             (3,094)               (2,504)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                        5,382                 8,432
      Tax effect of losses of offshore entities not recognized                                       2,006                 2,249
      Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                                           (3,184)               (5,755)
      Tax deduction on exercised share options (Note (a))                                               —                 (5,587)
      Over provision in prior years                                                                 (2,396)               (2,825)
      Effect of research and development expense (“R&D expenses”)
        deduction (Note (b))                                                                        (1,842)                 (735)


      Income tax expense for the year                                                             281,476               289,591


      Notes:

      (a)      During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the relevant tax authorities have agreed that the
               share options granted by the Company to and exercised by the employees of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries in
               the PRC can form a base for claiming tax deduction in respect of the EIT of those subsidiaries.

      (b)      Expenditure on research and development activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
               Enterprises incurring R&D expenses for new technology, new products or new craftsmanship can enjoy R&D super-
               deduction policy which allows an extra 75% deduction in addition to the actual R&D expenses incurred. In
               September 22, 2022, the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the State Taxation Administration
               of the People’s Republic of China issued Bulletin [2022] No. 28 to allow all enterprises (excluding those in
               exceptional industries) to enjoy an upgraded R&D super-deduction rate from 75% to 100% on qualified R&D
               expenses incurred in the last quarter of 2022.

      Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulations of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
      25%.

      According to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance, General Administration of Customs and State
      Administration of Taxation on the Implementation of tax policies related to Small Enterprises with low profits
      (Caishui [2019] No. 13), certain subsidiaries are regarded as small entities and are subject to lower income tax
      rate of 10% during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

      On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on
      March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
      at 16.5%. No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group did not have assessable profit
      earned or derived from Hong Kong during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2022           125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


11.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

      Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognized as
        distributions during the year
      2022 Interim — HK5.64 cents
        (2021: 2021 Interim — HK5.64 cents) per share                                118,934             108,870
      2021 Final — HK5.64 cents
        (2021: 2020 Final — HK5.53 cents) per share                                  111,225             105,476


                                                                                     230,159             214,346


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31,
      2022 of 7.58 HK cents per share has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
      shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting. The dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose
      names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Wednesday, June 21,
      2023.

12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
      following data:

                                                                                        2022                2021

      Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)            658,596             720,033
      Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share
        (RMB’000)                                                                    658,596             720,033
      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        basic earnings per share                                               2,271,451,099      2,278,490,319
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options                                                                        —              94,842


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        diluted earnings per share                                             2,271,451,099      2,278,585,161




126       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


13.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                      Furniture,
                                                    Leasehold      fixtures and       Motor      Construction
                                       Buildings improvements        equipment      vehicles      in progress      Total
                                       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2021                  521,898        54,911         110,636       41,396          117,175     846,016
      Additions                            13,679         2,856           9,930        6,165           20,372      53,002
      Acquired on acquisitions of
         subsidiaries                       3,551            —              343            7           10,968      14,869
      Transfer                              8,304           816             922           —           (10,042)          —
      Disposals                            (1,798)           —           (3,463)      (3,924)              —        (9,185)


      At December 31, 2021                545,634        58,583         118,368       43,644          138,473     904,702
      Additions                             5,118         3,576           4,174        6,102            9,965      28,935
      Acquired on acquisitions of
         subsidiaries (Note 34)                —             —               19           —            16,479      16,498
      Transfer                             15,910            58          11,711           —           (27,679)         —
      Disposals                            (6,253)           —           (3,439)      (2,388)              —      (12,080)


      At December 31, 2022                560,409        62,217         130,833       47,358          137,238     938,055


      DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2021                  148,658        40,639          58,877       29,918               —      278,092
      Provided for the year                27,828         8,264          11,411         3,818              —       51,321
      Eliminated on disposals                (521)           —            (3,097)      (3,729)             —        (7,347)


      At December 31, 2021                175,965        48,903          67,191       30,007               —      322,066
      Provided for the year                28,348         4,284          14,691        4,982               —       52,305
      Eliminated on disposals              (3,119)           —           (2,679)      (2,379)              —       (8,177)


      At December 31, 2022                201,194        53,187          79,203       32,610               —      366,194


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2021                369,669         9,680          51,177       13,637          138,473     582,636


      At December 31, 2022                359,215         9,030          51,630       14,748          137,238     571,861


      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a straight-
      line basis, after taking into account their estimated residual values, at the following rates per annum where
      applicable:

      Buildings                               Over the shorter of the remaining lease term of land or useful life of
                                                buildings of 30 years
      Leasehold improvements                  Over the shorter of the remaining lease term or useful life of 5 years
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment       9.50% — 31.67%
      Motor vehicles                          19.00% — 25.00%

      As at December 31, 2022, the formal title certificates for certain buildings of the Group with carrying value of
      approximately RMB74,001,000 (2021: RMB144,099,000) had not been obtained.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022           127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


14.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                         Leased
                                                           Leasehold land             properties          Total
                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000

      At December 31, 2022
      Carrying amount                                                61,727               54,984         116,711


      At December 31, 2021
      Carrying amount                                                63,806               51,316         115,122


      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      Depreciation charge                                             (2,099)            (22,023)         (24,122)


      For the year ended December 31, 2021
      Depreciation charge                                             (2,162)            (21,640)         (23,802)


                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      Expense relating to short-term leases and low-value assets                           5,932           21,314


      Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
        liabilities                                                                          171              238


      Total cash outflow for leases                                                       31,680           45,436


      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                    25,710           12,460


      For both years, the Group leases land and properties for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for
      fixed term of 1 year to 25 years (2021: 1 year to 25 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period
      for which the contract is enforceable.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2022, the portfolio of
      short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases entered during the year.

      Restrictions or covenants on leases

      In addition, lease liabilities of RMB64,703,000 (2021: RMB61,416,000) are recognized with related right-of-use
      assets of RMB116,711,000 (2021: RMB115,122,000) as at December 31, 2022. The lease agreements do not
      impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
      Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




128       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


15.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                                                      RMB’000

      FAIR VALUE
      At January 1, 2021                                                                                                   6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2021                                                                                                 6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2022                                                                                                 6,509


      The Group’s property held for earn rentals and capital appreciation purposes is accounted for as investment
      property and measured using the fair value model.

      In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of investment property as at December 31, 2022 and December
      31, 2021 approximates to the carrying value after taking account of market comparable data.

      The following table gives information about how the fair values of these investment properties as at December
      31, 2022 are determined (in particular, the valuation approaches and inputs used), as well as the fair value
      hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorise based on the degree to which the inputs to
      the fair value measurements is observable.

      Investment property held by the Group
      in the consolidated statement of                Fair value
      financial position                              hierarchy        Valuation technique and key input(s)

      Residential property located in Shanghai Level 3                 Market-based approach-based on the time,
        — completed property RMB6,509,000                                 location and individual factors, such as frontage
        (2021: RMB6,509,000)                                              and the size, between the comparables and the
                                                                          property.


                                                                       The key input: Price per square meter RMB67,000
                                                                          (Note)

      Note: Any significant isolated increases (decreases) in these inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
            measurement.


      There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2022            129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                      License for
                                                                                      provision of
                                                    Computer        Concession             funeral
                                                     software        agreement           services              Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2021                                24,086          167,597            11,808           203,491
      Additions                                          4,933            88,094               —             93,027


      At December 31, 2021                              29,019          255,691            11,808           296,518
      Additions                                         13,726             8,852               —             22,578


      At December 31, 2022                              42,745          264,543            11,808           319,096


      AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2021                                14,686             6,179                —            20,865
      Provided for the year                              4,336             4,982                —              9,318


      At December 31, 2021                              19,022            11,161                —            30,183
      Provided for the year                              7,327             7,972                —            15,299


      At December 31, 2022                              26,349            19,133                —            45,482


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2021                               9,997          244,530            11,808           266,335



      At December 31, 2022                              16,396          245,410            11,808           273,614


      Computer software has finite useful life and is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
      of 5 years.

      Concession agreement mainly represents the right obtained from a government body to provide services that
      give the public access to a funeral parlour or cemetery in accordance with a service concession arrangement,
      pursuant to which the Group is committed to upgrade and construct the relevant property and equipment and
      return it to the government body at the end of concession period. The concession agreements are amortized
      over the agreed concession period.

      The management is of the opinion that the Group would renew the license for provision of funeral services
      issued by the relevant authorities in Chongqing continuously and has the ability to do so. As such, the
      management considers such license carries an indefinite useful life and is carried at cost less any subsequent
      impairment losses, if any.




130       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS — continued

      The license will not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it will be tested for
      impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
      impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the management determined that there was
      no impairment of license.

      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group performed impairment review for the license of the
      cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Anle Services”) based on
      cash flow forecasts. The key assumptions for the cash flow forecasts are those regarding the discount rates,
      growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and direct costs during the period. The cash flow
      forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets for the next ten years was approved by management
      using pre-tax discount rate of 14% (2021: 14%) per annum which reflects current market assessments of the
      time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The cash flows beyond the next 10 years (2021: 10
      years) are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3% (2021: 3%) per annum. The growth rates are by reference to
      industry growth forecasts. The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of CGUs.
      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not result in
      impairment.

17.   GOODWILL

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to each of the individual CGUs relating to
      23 subsidiaries (2021: 22). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the management of the
      Group determines that there is no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill. The movements of
      goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                         31/12/2022             31/12/2021
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2022                                                                   1,048,660               860,637
      Arising from consideration change (Note)                                                  4,989                   —
      Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 34)                                       37,594              188,023


      At December 31, 2022                                                                 1,091,243             1,048,660


      Note: In March 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Industry Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”) entered into an
            agreement with independent third parties to acquire 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd.
            The acquisition was completed in December 2021 and accounted for using the acquisition method for an estimated
            total consideration of RMB90,032,000. In June 2022, a supplementary agreement was entered into whereby certain
            clauses were updated and finalized among which the total consideration was adjusted to RMB95,021,000, resulting
            in an increase of goodwill of RMB4,989,000.




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022          131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      The carrying amounts of goodwill as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                               31/12/2022    31/12/2021
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

      Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (“Haigang Fu
        Shou Yuan”)                                                                 9,595         9,595
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd. (“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”)                   3,738         3,738
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”)               14,769        14,769
      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Chongqing Baitayuan”)                                                    47,458        47,458
      Nanchang Fu Shou Yuan Funerial Co., Ltd. (“Meilin Century
        Cemetery”)                                                                 18,899        18,899
      Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape CemeteryCo., Ltd.
        (“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”)                                         47,245        47,245
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery                                                  36,107        36,107
      Anyang Fu Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd. (“Anyang
        Tianshouyuan Cemetery”)                                                      2,425        2,425
      Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”)                                          87,425        87,425
      Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”)                                             22,973        22,973
      Luoyang Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Luoyang Xianhe
        Cemetery”)                                                                 23,451        23,451
      Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd. (“Temshine”)                     23,433        23,433
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co.,Ltd. (“Guangxi Huazuyuan
        Cemetery”)                                                                 22,756        22,756
      Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Chaoyang
        Longshan Cemetery”)                                                        12,903        12,903
      Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Guizhou
        Tianyuanshan”)                                                             19,123        19,123
      Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Helinge’er Anyou
        Cemetery”)                                                                 35,721        35,721
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”)              13,560        13,560
      Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Jinsha Fuze”)                     66,176        66,176
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Harbin Mingxiyuan
        Cemetery”)                                                                352,880      352,880
      Anhui Longmen Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Anhui Longmen”)                   90,673       90,673
      Heze Fuluyuan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Heze Fuluyuan”)                  101,226       96,237
      Zhengzhou Anletang Funeral Service Co., Ltd. (“Zhengzhou
        Anletang”)                                                                   1,113        1,113
      Zhuolu Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development and
        Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”)                                37,594            —


                                                                                1,091,243     1,048,660




132       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      In addition to goodwill above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
      (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also
      included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

      The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs are determined from value in use calculations. The key
      assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding projections of cash flows, growth rates and
      discount rates based on management’s view of future business. Management estimates discount rates using
      pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      CGUs. The growth rates in the first ten-year period are by reference to industry growth forecasts. Changes in
      selling prices and direct costs are based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market.
      The major underlying assumptions are summarized below.

      All these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
      covering a ten-year (2021: ten-year) period and a discount rate of 14% (2021: 14%). Cash flow beyond that
      ten-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 3% (2021: 3%) growth rate for conservative purpose.
      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
      respective carrying amount of Haigang Fu Shou Yuan, Jinzhou Maoshan Anling, Henan Fu Shou Yuan,
      Chongqing Baitayuan, Meilin Century Cemetery, Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, Wuyuan Wanshoushan
      Cemetery, Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery, Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery, Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai,
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery, Temshine, Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery,
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan, Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery, Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery, Jinsha Fuze, Harbin
      Mingxiyuan Cemetery, Anhui Longmen, Heze Fuluyuan, Zhengzhou Anletang and Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan to
      exceed the respective recoverable amount of the respective CGUs.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022        133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS

                                                  Leasehold         Landscape      Development
                                                         land         facilities           costs             Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2021                            1,355,661          331,632           414,754        2,102,047
      Additions                                      119,935            43,637             8,704          172,276
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries                                   53,712                 —            3,659            57,371
      Transfer to inventories                         (17,202)           (6,055)           (7,506)         (30,763)


      At December 31, 2021                          1,512,106          369,214           419,611        2,300,931
      Additions                                            —            50,610             9,620            60,230
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries (Note 34)                         15,860                 —                —            15,860
      Transfer to inventories                         (14,541)           (1,901)           (3,514)         (19,956)


      At December 31, 2022                          1,513,425          417,923           425,717        2,357,065


      AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2021                             163,384            95,077            45,527          303,988
      Provided for the year                            34,116           17,863            10,314            62,293
      Eliminated on transfer                           (1,571)             (754)             (687)          (3,012)


      At December 31, 2021                           195,929           112,186            55,154          363,269
      Provided for the year                            31,490           22,327            10,410            64,227
      Eliminated on transfer                             (567)             (202)            (312)           (1,081)


      At December 31, 2022                           226,852           134,311            65,252          426,415


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2021                          1,316,177          257,028           364,457        1,937,662



      At December 31, 2022                          1,286,573          283,612           360,465        1,930,650


      The leasehold land mainly represents leasehold land located in Mainland China having finite useful lives which
      are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

      Landscape facilities represent the construction cost of facilities such as arbors and bridges in the mausoleum.
      Amortisation for landscape facilities is provided on a straight-line basis over shorter of the remaining lease
      term of land or useful life of 20 years.




134       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS — continued

      Development costs represent the cost paid for the foundation work and putting the land into the condition
      ready for development of cemetery business. Amortisation for development cost is provided on a straight-line
      basis over the estimated useful life (same as leasehold land over the lease terms).

      Upon commencement of development of an area within the cemetery, the proportionate cemetery assets are
      transferred to inventories.

19.   RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

      Restricted deposits represent the deposits which are placed in designated joint controlled bank accounts with
      local funeral associations. In accordance with the requirements of local authorities, the balances are provided
      based on certain percentages of cemetery sales of certain subsidiaries for the use of cemetery maintenance.
      The restricted deposits can be drawn only with simultaneous approvals from both sides of the subsidiary and
      the respective funeral association for cemetery maintenance expenditure.

20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE

                                                                                                                             31/12/2022               31/12/2021
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000

      Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                                                     152,160                     202,042
      Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                                           (19,200)                    (11,793)


                                                                                                                                132,960                     190,249


      Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                  Country of      Principal   Proportion of ownership     Proportion of
                                                  incorporation/ place of          interest held        voting rights held     Cost of investment
      Name of entity#                             registration    business         by the Group           by the Group            by the Group      Principal activity

                                                                                   2022        2021       2022         2021       2022       2021
                                                                                      %            %         %            %    RMB’000    RMB’000

      Jiaxing Fuji Equity Investment              PRC             PRC              49.89      49.89          40           40    152,160   202,042 Investment holding
              Partnership (Limited Partnership)
              嘉興福冀股權投資合夥企業
              （有限合夥）(“Jiaxing Fuji”) (Note)

      #
          :         The English name of the joint venture established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note: During the year, Jiaxing Fuji returned the investment to the Group and other parties in the same proportion of
            ownership interest. The Group received RMB49,882,000 and hence, the Group’s cost of investment decreased from
            RMB202,042,000 as at December 31, 2021 to RMB152,160,000 as at December 31, 2022.




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                        Annual Report 2022                   135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE — continued

      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s joint venture is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRSs.

      Jiaxing Fuji

                                                                                  31/12/2022          31/12/2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                 266,161             347,957


      Non-current assets                                                             185,146             192,876


      Current liabilities                                                            142,492             137,184


      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

                                                                                  31/12/2022          31/12/2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                        62,596            231,043


      Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
       provisions)                                                                      8,000               8,000


                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          37,199              23,383


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                6,964               3,754


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
        attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                             4,263               2,150
      Non-controlling interests                                                         2,701               1,604


                                                                                        6,964               3,754


      The carrying amount of the interest in Jiaxing Fuji recognized in the consolidated financial statements was
      adjusted by the priority distribution of profits. Hence, the share of loss of a joint venture was RMB7,407,000
      during the year of 2022 (2021: RMB11,793,000).




136        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION

      The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized by the Group and movements thereon
      during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                 Contract                           Loss       Fair value
                                                 liabilities   Tax losses      allowance      adjustment           Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                    (note)

      At January 1, 2021                            40,355         15,465               —        (136,354)         (80,534)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                       —              —                —           (4,196)          (4,196)
      Credit to profit or loss                      12,740          4,474            1,575           5,503          24,292


      At December 31, 2021                          53,095         19,939            1,575       (135,047)         (60,438)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries
        (Note 34)                                          —            —               —           (1,704)         (1,704)
      Credit to profit or loss                        6,465        (2,122)             309           4,565           9,217


      At December 31, 2022                          59,560         17,817            1,884       (132,186)         (52,925)


      Note: Fair value adjustment mainly refers to revaluation of property and equipment and cemetery assets upon the business
            combination arising from acquisition of subsidiaries.


      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                         31/12/2022            31/12/2021
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                      81,290               76,630
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (134,215)            (137,068)


                                                                                              (52,925)             (60,438)


      The deferred tax balances have reflected the tax rates that are expected to apply in the respective years when
      the asset is realized or the liability is settled.

      The Group has unused tax losses of the PRC subsidiaries and offshore subsidiaries of approximately
      RMB201,667,000 (2021: RMB190,675,000) as at December 31, 2022. Deferred tax assets have been
      recognized in respect of approximately RMB71,268,000 (2021: RMB79,756,000) of such losses as at
      December 31, 2022. No deferred tax assets of the offshore subsidiaries have been recognized in respect of
      the remaining approximately RMB36,562,000 (2021: RMB40,364,000) as at December 31, 2022 due to the
      unrecognized losses of offshore entities. No deferred tax assets of the PRC subsidiaries have been
      recognized in respect of the remaining approximately RMB93,837,000 (2021: RMB70,555,000) as at
      December 31, 2022 due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022         137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION — continued

      Pursuant to the rules and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognized tax losses at the end of each reporting
      period will expire in five years. The deductible tax losses as bellows:

                                                                                     31/12/2022           31/12/2021
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      2022                                                                                    —                2,936
      2023                                                                                 8,698               8,698
      2024                                                                                14,695              14,695
      2025                                                                                19,370              19,960
      2026                                                                                24,117              24,266
      2027                                                                                26,957                  —


                                                                                          93,837              70,555


      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
      by the PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
      consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to retained profits of the
      PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB4,481,102,000 (2021: RMB3,824,675,000 as the Group is able to control
      the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

22.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                     31/12/2022           31/12/2021
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      Burial plots                                                                      407,299              393,004
      Tombstone                                                                           99,744              99,636
      Others                                                                              51,915              51,847


                                                                                        558,958              544,487




138       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                    31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Trade receivables from contract with customers                                   142,934             112,165
      Less:Allowance for credit losses                                                   (5,059)            (3,821)


                                                                                       137,875             108,344



      Other receivables comprise:
      Prepayments and rental deposits on properties                                      2,435               2,564
      Other service receivables                                                          6,000              14,000
      Staff advances                                                                     1,212               2,962
      Deposits for new projects                                                          6,773               7,658
      Prepayments to suppliers                                                           7,290              11,373
      Interest receivables                                                                    263             413
      Receivables from liquidation of a partnership (Note 24(b))                       190,000                 —
      Loans to third parties in connection with cemetery projects                       60,192               2,152
      Others                                                                            11,076              10,158


                                                                                       423,116             159,624


      The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of burial
      service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines, provision of
      landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration authorities. Before
      accepting any new customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to
      assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer.

      The ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the invoice
      date at the end of reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                    31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                   91,255              90,399
      Over one year but less than two years                                             41,944              15,571
      Over two years but less than three years                                           2,810               1,805
      Over three years but less than four years                                          1,555                569
      Over four years but less than five years                                                311              —


                                                                                       137,875             108,344




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES — continued

      Certain portion of trade receivables of sales of cremation machines with instant settlement arrangement is not
      considered past due as the Group maintains good relationship with the customers and do not notice any
      delay or expected delay in payment.

      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
      and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
      estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
      general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
      current as well as forward looking information at the period end.

      Movement of loss allowance on trade receivables for the year ended December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                      (not credit-
                                                                                                       impaired)
                                                                                                        RMB’000
                                                                                                        (audited)

      At December 31, 2021                                                                                  3,821
      Credit losses recognized on receivables                                                               1,238


      At December 31, 2022                                                                                  5,059


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:

                                                                                  31/12/2022          31/12/2021
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Unlisted cash management products (a)                                          487,883             665,973
      Equity investment (b)                                                            38,110            338,110


                                                                                     525,993            1,004,083



      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                 487,883             965,973
      Non-current assets                                                               38,110              38,110


                                                                                     525,993            1,004,083




140       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (a)   Unlisted cash management products

            During the year, the Group entered into a number of cash management products as part of its treasury
            management.

            Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                             Expected Principal-
            Bank                      Name of products       Currency    Amount Term/call date               yield rate guaranteed
                                                                        RMB’000

            Shanghai Pudong           Tian Tian Li Pu Tian     RMB        88,110   Redeemable on call          2.14%   N
              Development Bank           Tong Ying (天添利浦                             after 1 work day on
                                         天同盈1號)                                      work day
            Shanghai Pudong           Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan RMB        32,720   Redeemable on call          1.98%   N
              Development Bank           (“天添利普惠計劃”)                                 after 1 work day on
                                                                                     work day
            Shanghai Pudong           Ji Ji Xin (季季鑫4號)      RMB         150,000   Redeemable on call          2.94%   N
              Development Bank                                                       after 90 work days on
                                                                                     work day

            Subtotal                                         RMB         270,830

            China Construction Bank   Hui Zhong Ri Sheng     RMB         102,053   7 days cycle                2.52%   N
                                        (惠眾日申周贖產品)

            Subtotal                                         RMB         102,053

            Bank of Shanghai          Yi Jing Ling (易精靈)     RMB          50,000   Redeemable on call          2.20%   N
                                                                                     after 1 work day on
                                                                                     work day

            Subtotal                                         RMB          50,000

            Shanghai Rural            Ji Ji Xin Li (公司款季季    RMB          35,000   10/1/2023                   3.20%   N
              Commercial Bank             鑫利3個月定開)
            Shanghai Rural            Tian Tian Ying         RMB          30,000   Redeemable on call          1.69%   N
              Commercial Bank             (天天盈C款)                                    after 1 work day on
                                                                                     work day

            Subtotal                                         RMB          65,000

            Total                                            RMB         487,883


            Investment portfolio of the products includes government debt instruments, treasury notes, corporate
            bonds etc.

            The cash management products have been accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL on initial
            recognition. In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of the cash management products at
            December 31, 2022 approximated their carrying amounts.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2022         141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (b)    Equity investment

             In July 2018, the Group made an equity investment in Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Huaxia
             Cemetery”) in the amount of RMB29,000,000, accounting for 10% of the total equity interests and this
             equity investment was measured at FVTPL. Huaxia Cemetery is an unlisted company providing burial
             services in Changchun City of Jilin Province.

             In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value was about RMB38,110,000 as at December 31, 2022 and
             the fair value change of these equity investments was due to the revaluation of the investment. The
             performance of Huaxia Cemetery for the year ended December 31, 2022 was consistent with the
             expectation at time of investment decision.

             In January 2021, the Group entered into a limited partnership agreement with other partners in respect
             of the establishment of Hainan Tongyuan. Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is
             committed to contributing RMB300,000,000, accounting for approximately 13.04% of the total capital
             commitment to Hainan Tongyuan and this investment is measured at FVTPL. In December 2021, a
             resolution was passed among all the partners whereby Hainan Tongyuan was scheduled to be
             dissolved in 2022. During the year, RMB110,000,000 has been received and as at December 31, 2022,
             the outstanding and pledged receivable amounted to RMB190,000,000 which will be collectible before
             the end of 2023 in accordance with the relevant agreement. The equity investment of Hainan Tongyuan
             was derecognized as at December 31, 2022.

25.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                  31/12/2022         31/12/2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

      RMB-denominated                                                                 33,467             285,677


      As at December 31, 2022, the Group had fixed-term deposits of USD4,800,000, equivalent to
      RMB33,467,000, in banks in the PRC with maturity of six months to one year and fixed interest rate ranging
      from 0.8% to 3.74% per annum. (December 31, 2021: 0.01% to 2.30%).




142         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


26.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH

      Bank balances of the Group denominated in RMB, HK$ and US Dollar (“US$”) carry variable interest rate as
      follows:

                                                                                31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

      Interest rate per annum
      — RMB                                                                 0.20%–2.03%        0.30%–2.03%
      — HK$                                                                         0.01%               0.01%
      — US$                                                                         0.05%               0.05%

      The bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than RMB are set out below:

                                                                                31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

      HK$                                                                           21,478              15,093
      US$                                                                            1,075                797


                                                                                    22,553              15,890




                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


27.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                              31/12/2022             31/12/2021
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

      Trade payables                                                                              308,552                281,752


      Other payables comprise:
      Advances and deposits from customers                                                         21,961                 32,054
      Payables for acquisition of property and equipment                                               354                    888
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                          155,339                158,442
      Other accrued expenses                                                                       55,381                 52,575
      Consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries                                       71,946                168,277
      Consideration payables for acquisition of non-controlling interests
        (Note1)                                                                                      3,936                  6,070
      Reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note2)                                             43,377                      —
      Others                                                                                       38,684                 61,281


                                                                                                  699,530                761,339


      Note1:    During the year of 2019, the Group entered into agreements with the non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiaries,
                to acquire 49% non-controlling interests in Temshine. During the year, the consideration of RMB2,134,000 was
                paid and the remaining payable as at December 31, 2022 was RMB3,936,000.

      Note 2:   In June 2022, reimbursed payables due to third parties of RMB57,829,000 were recognized at the date of
                acquisition of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. During the period from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2022, the
                Group settled RMB14,452,000 and the remaining balance of reimbursed payables due to third parties was
                RMB43,377,000 as at December 31, 2022.


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the year end:

                                                                                              31/12/2022             31/12/2021
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

      0–90 days                                                                                    96,462                101,794
      91–180 days                                                                                  27,746                 29,159
      181–365 days                                                                                 35,670                 32,079
      Over 365 days                                                                               148,674                118,720


                                                                                                  308,552                281,752


      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 181 to 365 days.




144       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


28.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                    31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Cemetery maintenance services                                                    509,523              467,804
      Sales of pre-need contracts                                                       43,170               38,726


                                                                                       552,693              506,530



      Current                                                                           96,456               72,508
      Non-current                                                                      456,237              434,022


                                                                                       552,693              506,530


      Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized are as follows:

      Cemetery maintenance services

      The Group provides on-going cemetery maintenance services as part of the burial services to maintain the
      landscaped cemeteries and the large number of memorials that lie on the cemeteries.

      Customers who purchase burial services at certain locations are required to make advance payments for
      maintenance fees, relating to the maintenance of their cremation niches or burial lots and memorials over 10
      to 20 years, and such amounts are generally paid together with the purchase of the Group’s burial services.

      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the contract liability of RMB29,006,000 (2021: RMB27,501,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the cemetery maintenance services were
      offered.

      Sales of pre-need contracts

      Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death occurring. The
      payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this gives rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
      contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is offered. Therefore, this part of advance
      payment is classified as current liabilities of the Group.

      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the contract liability of RMB2,505,000 (2021: RMB1,895,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the funeral services were offered.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


29.   LOANS FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                            31/12/2022            31/12/2021
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

      Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology
        Development Co. Ltd.* (Note 1) (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限公司)                                          22,540               26,950
      Individual A (Note 1)                                                                         246                  234
      Individual B and Individual C (Note 2)                                                     10,172                   —


                                                                                                 32,958               27,184


      Current                                                                                    32,958               27,184
      Non-current                                                                                    —                    —


                                                                                                 32,958               27,184


      *    The English name of the entity established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note 1:    The loans from Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd.
                 and Individual A were extended in 2022 and carry a fixed interest rate at 4.35% and 6.00% per
                 annum respectively. They are due within one year from the extension date.

      Note 2:    In 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan lent RMB101,720,000 to Heze Fuluyuan with zero interest rate in
                 connection with the acquisition of the landbank. After the acquisition of Heze Fuluyuan in
                 December 2021, the non-controlling shareholders of Heze Fuluyuan, named Individual B and
                 Individual C, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into a supplementary agreement in June 2022,
                 whereby Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan agreed to transfer part of the creditor’s right amounting to
                 RMB10,172,000 to Individual B and Individual C as part of the consideration for the acquisition of
                 Heze Fuluyuan, resulting in loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries.

30.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                            31/12/2022            31/12/2021
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                            25,239               17,276
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                          13,855               10,118
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years                        24,554               22,948
      Within a period of more than five years                                                     1,055               11,074


      Subtotal                                                                                   64,703               61,416


      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
             current liabilities                                                                (25,239)             (17,276)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                                   39,464               44,140


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.35% (2021: 4.35%).


146       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


31.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                          shares             Amount
                                                                                                                US$

      Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
      Authorized:
      At January 1, 2021, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022                 20,000,000,000        200,000,000


                                                                                                       Shown in the
                                                                                                       consolidated
                                                                Number of                                  financial
                                                                    shares               Amount       statements as
                                                                                             US$          RMB’000

      Issued and fully paid:
      At January 1, 2021                                      2,310,057,922           23,100,579             141,510
      Exercise of share options (Note 33)                       10,308,500               103,085                669


      At December 31, 2021                                    2,320,366,422           23,203,664             142,179



      Repurchase and cancellation of shares (Note)                 (503,000)               (5,030)               (31)


      At December 31, 2022                                    2,319,863,422           23,198,634             142,148


      Note: During the year of 2022, the Group repurchased its ordinary shares through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
            Limited as follows:

                                                                                                          Aggregate
                                            No. of ordinary     Price per share     Price per share    consideration
            Month of repurchase                     shares             Highest              Lowest              paid
                                                                           HK$                 HK$          HK$’000

            September 2022                         263,000                4.51                4.31             1,163
            October 2022                           240,000                4.29                3.98               981

      The above ordinary shares were cancelled upon repurchase.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022       147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


32.   RESERVES

      Statutory surplus reserve

      As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
      maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. An appropriation to such reserve is made
      out of net profit after tax as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the
      amounts and allocation basis are decided by their respective boards of directors annually. The appropriation,
      however, must be at least 10% of profit after tax and may cease when the fund balance reaches 50% of the
      registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used to make up prior
      year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of a capitalization issue.

      Special reserve

      The special reserve consisted of an amount of RMB5,000,000 representing deemed contribution from the
      equity holders pursuant to a Group’s reorganization and an amount of RMB79,667,000 representing deemed
      contribution from the founding shareholders as a result of a waiver of liabilities by such founding shareholders
      prior to the Company’s listing.

      Other reserve

      Other reserve represents the difference between the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net
      assets of non-wholly owned subsidiaries transferred from non-controlling interests and the consideration paid
      to acquire the respective from non-controlling interests.

33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

      (a)    Share Option Scheme

             The Company adopted a share option scheme on December 3, 2013 (the “Share Option Scheme”)
             which shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by
             the Company in a general meeting or by the Directors. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to
             provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contributions to the Group and/or to enable the
             Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the
             Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme, the
             Directors may offer to grant an option to any director or employee, or any advisor, consultant, suppliers,
             customers or shareholder of any member of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).




148         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on August 5, 2014

            On August 5, 2014, the Company granted 42,000,000 share options (the “Share Option A”) to the
            Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option A are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.14 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option A granted to the employees under the Share Option Scheme can only be
                  exercised in the following manners:

                                                              Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                  Exercise Period                             option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2018       50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2018       50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                options granted.

            (3)   All Share Option A granted to the Directors under the Share Option Scheme can only be exercised
                  in the following manners:

                                                              Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                  Exercise Period                             option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024       50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2024       50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                options granted.

            The fair values of the Share Option A granted to the Directors and employees at grant date are HK$1.27
            per share and HK$0.78 per share respectively, representing RMB37,849,000 in total, which is
            determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                   Employee           Directors

            Grant date share price                                                  HK$4.14                HK$4.14
            Exercise price                                                          HK$4.14                HK$4.14
            Expected volatility                                                        24.4%                24.4%
            Option life                                                               4 years              10 years
            Dividend yield                                                                1%                   1%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                 1.1365%            2.0520%
            Forfeiture rate                                                               5%                 —




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022          149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)    Share Option Scheme — continued

             Granted on August 5, 2014 — continued

             The risk-free interest rates were based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with
             maturity with 4 years and 10 years as at the date of grant, respectively. Expected volatility was
             determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been used to estimate
             the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share
             options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different variables
             of certain subjective assumptions.

             Granted on March 19, 2015

             On March 19, 2015, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option B”) to the
             Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

             (1)   All Share Option B are granted at an exercise price of HK$3.126 per share.

             (2)   All Share Option B granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                   Exercise Period                               option exercisable

                   From March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                   From March 19, 2018 to March 18, 2019         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.

             The fair value of the Share Option B at grant date is HK$0.47 per share, representing RMB18,020,000 in
             total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
             follows:

             Grant date share price                                                                        HK$3.10
             Exercise price                                                                              HK$3.126
             Expected volatility                                                                            21.43%
             Option life                                                                                    4 years
             Dividend yield                                                                                  1.67%
             Risk-free interest rate                                                                         1.08%
             Forfeiture rate                                                                                 4.20%

             The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
             with 4 years as at the date of grant.

             Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
             been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
             fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
             with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.




150         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on March 24, 2016

            On March 24, 2016, the Company granted 48,000,000 share options (the “Share Option C”) to the
            Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option Care granted at an exercise price of HK$5.824 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option C granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                  Exercise Period                               option exercisable

                  From March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.
                  From March 24, 2019 to March 23, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.

            The fair value of the Share Option C at grant date is HK$1.21 per share, representing RMB48,592,000 in
            total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
            follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                        HK$5.52
            Exercise price                                                                              HK$5.824
            Expected volatility                                                                           34.34%
            Option life                                                                                    4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                     2%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                         0.99%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                 4.30%

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
            with 4 years as at the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
            been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
            fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
            with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)    Share Option Scheme — continued

             Granted on May 16, 2016

             On May 16, 2016, the Company granted 2,000,000 share options (the “Share Option D”) to the Directors
             under the following terms:

             (1)   All Share Option D are granted at an exercise price of HK$5.466 per share.

             (2)   All Share Option D granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                   Exercise Period                               option exercisable

                   From April 27, 2018 to April 26, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                   From April 27, 2019 to April 26, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.

             The fair value of the Share Option D at grant date is HK$1.32 per share, representing RMB2,207,000 in
             total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
             follows:

             Grant date share price                                                                      HK$5.460
             Exercise price                                                                              HK$5.466
             Expected volatility                                                                             33.6%
             Option life                                                                                    4 years
             Dividend yield                                                                                     2%
             Risk-free interest rate                                                                         0.86%
             Forfeiture rate                                                                                     —

             The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
             with 4 years as at the date of grant.

             Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
             been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
             fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
             with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.




152         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on March 20, 2017

            On March 20, 2017, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option E”) to the
            Directors of the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option E are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.850 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option E granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                  Exercise Period                               option exercisable

                  From March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.
                  From March 20, 2020 to March 19, 2021         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.

            The fair value of the Share Option E at grant date is HK$1.00 per share, representing RMB44,301,000 in
            total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
            follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                      HK$4.850
            Exercise price                                                                              HK$4.850
            Expected volatility                                                                           29.22%
            Option life                                                                                    4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                     2%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                         1.41%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                 3.83%

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
            with 4 years as at the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
            been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables and assumptions used in computing
            the fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option
            varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

            No option were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme during the year
            ended December 31, 2022.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)    Share Option Scheme — continued

             Since Share Option A, B, C and D have no outstanding balance at January 1, 2021, set out below are
             details of movements of the outstanding options in relation to Share Option E granted under the Share
             Option Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                                     Number of options

                                                                                         Balance       Exercised                             Forfeited        Balance
                                                                                      outstanding      during the Lapsed during             during the    outstanding
                                                                     Exercise price         as at     year ended the year ended            year ended           as at
                                                                         per Share     January 1,   December 31,       December 31,      December 31,    December 31,
                                  Batch              Date of grant           (HK$)          2021            2021               2021              2021           2021


             Directors
             Lu Hesheng           Share Option E March 20, 2017              4.850        500,000        (500,000)               —                 —               —
             Chen Qunlin          Share Option E March 20, 2017              4.850        300,000        (300,000)               —                 —               —
             Luo Zhuping          Share Option E March 20, 2017              4.850        300,000        (300,000)               —                 —               —
             Ho Man               Share Option E March 20, 2017              4.850        300,000        (300,000)               —                 —               —


                                                                                        1,400,000      (1,400,000)               —                 —               —



             Other employees      Share Option E March 20, 2017              4.850      8,908,500      (8,908,500)               —                 —               —


             Total                                                                     10,308,500     (10,308,500)               —                 —               —


             Exercisable at December 31                                                10,308,500                                                                  —



             Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                                           4.85            4.85               N/A               N/A            N/A



             As at December 31, 2022, no (2021: nil) share options remains outstanding under the Share Option
             Scheme, representing nil (2021: nil) of the ordinary shares of the Company in issue at that date.

             In respect of the share options exercised during the year 2021, the weighted average share price at the
             dates of exercise is HK$7.35.

             The Group recognized total expense of nil for the year (2021: nil) in relation to share Option E (2021:
             Share Option E) granted by the Group under Share Option Scheme.




154         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                           Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


33.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (b)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

            The Company has adopted a restricted share incentive scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide
            incentive or reward to Eligible Participants including the Directors and employees for their contribution
            or potential contribution to the Company. The Company entered into a trust deed with the
            Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited as the trustee for the administration of the scheme.

            During the year of 2022, the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme purchased nil (2021:
            14,000,000) of the Company’s shares from the open market as follows:

                                                                                                       Aggregate
                                                          No. of ordinary                Price      consideration
            Month of repurchase                                    shares            per share                paid
                                                                                         RMB             RMB’000

            July 2021                                          14,000,000                 5.42              75,830

            The total amount paid to acquire the shares was approximately RMB75,830,000 and has been
            deducted from shareholders’ equity as at December 31, 2021. The shares purchased by the trustee that
            are not yet granted for this restricted share incentive scheme were recorded as treasury shares of the
            Group. As at December 31, 2022, there were 48,800,000 treasury shares held through the trustee of the
            restricted share incentive scheme, and no such shares have been granted.

34.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan

      In October 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with an independent third party to
      acquire equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. According to the agreement, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan shall
      make four separate capital injections of RMB5 million, 20 million, 8 million and 30 million in sequence based
      on the business development and related conditions. The Group made the first capital injection in November
      2021, and completed the second one in June 2022. As at December 31, 2022, the Group has acquired 51%
      equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

      The acquisition was completed in June 2022 and has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The
      amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB37,594,000. Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan is mainly
      engaged in burial service and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022       155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


34.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan — continued

      Consideration transferred

                                                                                                               RMB’000

      Remeasurement of investment in an associate (Note)                                                          14,242
      Cash consideration paid during the Period                                                                   20,000


      Total                                                                                                       34,242


      Note: The remeasurement of 30% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan at the acquisition date resulted in an investment
            income of RMB9,242,000.

      As at December 31, 2022, the Group has fully paid the consideration to acquire Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                               RMB’000

      Property and equipment                                                                                      16,498
      Cemetery assets                                                                                             15,860
      Right-of-use assets                                                                                          1,890
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                 21,174
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                         407
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                                              (89)
      Reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note)                                                            (57,829)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                                    (238)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                            (2,541)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                     (1,704)


      Net liabilities acquired                                                                                     (6,572)


      Note: In October 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into a supplementary acquisition agreement, whereby reimbursed
            payables due to third parties of RMB43,440,000 could be exempted if certain conditions were met in the future.


      Non-controlling interests

      The non-controlling interests (49%) in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan recognized at the acquisition date was measured
      by the proportionate share of recognized amounts of net liabilities of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan amounted to
      RMB3,220,000.




156        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


34.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan — continued

      Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

      Consideration transferred                                                                             34,242
      Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                        (3,220)
      Less: recognized amounts of net liabilities acquired                                                   (6,572)


      Total                                                                                                 37,594


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan because the consideration for the combination
      effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. These benefits
      are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be deductible for the
      tax purposes.

      Net cash inflow on acquisition of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan

                                                                                                          RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                               407


      Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

      Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB692,000 which is attributable to Zhuolu
      Yuanbaoshan.

      Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2022, total Group revenue for the year would have been
      RMB2,171,626,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB809,999,000. The pro forma information is for
      illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group
      that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2022, nor is it
      intended to be a projection of future results.

      In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan been acquired at the
      beginning of the current year, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery
      assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business combination
      rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022        157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


35.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which mainly includes loans from non-controlling
      shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities, other long-term liabilities, net of restricted deposits, time
      deposits, bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share
      capital, retained profits and other reserves.

      The Directors review the capital structure on an on-going basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
      the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall
      capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the
      issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.

36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.    Categories of financial instruments

            The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                      31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Financial assets
            At FVTPL                                                                     525,993        1,004,083
            At amortised cost                                                          2,468,533        1,572,839



            Financial liabilities
            At amortized cost                                                            527,770          556,477




158        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies

           The Group’s major financial instruments include restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and
           cash, trade and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, trade and other payables, loans from non-
           controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities and other long-term liabilities. Details of these
           financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
           instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and
           liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
           and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and
           effective manner.

           Market risk

           Currency risk

           The primary economic environment in which the Group and its principal subsidiaries operate is the PRC
           and their functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances, other receivables and other
           payables are denominated in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The
           management monitors foreign currency exposure by closely monitoring the movement of foreign
           currency rates and control currency exposure position.

           The carrying amounts of the Group’s major foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
           monetary liabilities as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                    31/12/2022           31/12/2021
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

           Assets
           US$                                                                           34,542               31,503
           HK$                                                                           21,478               15,093



           Liabilities
           HK$                                                                                —               65,136




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022         159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Market risk — continued

            Currency risk — continued

            Sensitivity analysis

            The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the
            relevant foreign currencies. A sensitivity rate of 5% represents management’s assessment of the
            reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
            foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
            period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.

            A negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against
            the relevant foreign currencies, whereas a positive number indicates an increase in post-tax profit. For a
            5% weakening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite
            impact on the post-tax profit.

                                                                                      31/12/2022           31/12/2021
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

            If RMB strengthens against US$                                                  (1,295)                 (1,181)



            If RMB strengthens against HK$                                                    (805)                 1,877


            Interest rate risk

            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest rate time deposits, lease
            liabilities, other long-term liabilities and loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries.

            The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and
            restricted deposits.

            The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any
            interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the
            proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.




160        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Interest rate risk — continued

           Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

                                                                                    31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

           Financial assets at amortised cost                                            13,723             14,869


           Interest expense on financial liabilities not measured at FVTPL and lease liabilities:

                                                                                    31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                        2,506              4,359
           Lease liabilities                                                              2,502              2,887


                                                                                          5,008              7,246


           Sensitivity analysis

           The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for interest-
           bearing financial instruments. The analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate financial instruments
           outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 10-basis point
           increase or decrease in deposit interest rates and a 50-basis point increase or decrease in lending
           interest rates represent management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

           If the deposit interest rate had been 10 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
           constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been
           increased/decreased by approximately RMB1,909,000 (2021: RMB1,797,000).

           If the lending interest rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
           constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been
           decreased/increased by approximately RMB328,000 (2021: RMB332,000).




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022      161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Market risk — continued

            Other price risk

            The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in unlisted financial products as
            financial assets at FVTPL. The management considers alternative tools to mitigate other price risk and
            manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks.

            Credit risk and impairment assessment

            Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
            resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to
            trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash, time deposits, restricted deposits and. The Group
            does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its
            financial assets.

            The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
            Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
            impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarized as below:

            Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

            The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of
            burial service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines,
            provision of landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration
            authorities.

            The Group has concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At December 31, 2022, the Group’s
            largest and five largest customers accounted for approximately 19% (2021: 24%) and 56% (2021: 59%)
            of the total trade receivables, respectively. In order to minimise the credit risk, before accepting any new
            customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the
            potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The management of the Group
            has delegated a team responsible for monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken
            when overdue debts occur. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is
            significantly reduced.

            In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances
            individually or based on provision matrix. Except for customers with good credit rating and credit-
            impaired, which are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables are grouped
            under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment histories
            for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers. Impairment amount of
            RMB1,238,000 is recognized during the year (2021: RMB3,821,000).




162        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           Other receivables

           For other receivables, the Directors make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
           receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and
           qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The Directors
           believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
           the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
           the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables were insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
           recognized.

           The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

           Internal credit                                                                         Other financial
           rating              Description                                   Trade receivables     assets

           Low risk            The counterparty has a low risk of            Lifetime ECL — not    12m ECL
                                  default and does not have any                credit-impaired
                                  past-due amounts


           Watch list          Debtor frequently repays after due            Lifetime ECL — not    12m ECL
                                  dates but usually settle after due           credit-impaired
                                  date in full


           Doubtful            There have been significant increases Lifetime ECL — not            Lifetime ECL — not
                                  in credit risk since initial recognition     credit-impaired       credit-impaired
                                  through information developed
                                  internally or external resources


           Loss                There is evidence indicating the asset Lifetime ECL —               Lifetime ECL —
                                  is credit-impaired                           credit-impaired       credit-impaired


           Write-off           There is evidence indicating that the         Amount is written off Amount is written off
                                  debtor is in severe financial
                                  difficulty and the Group has no
                                  realistic prospect of recovery




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022         163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
            ECL assessment:

                                                                                                          Gross           Gross
                                                     Internal credit        12m or                     carrying        carrying
                                                     rating                 lifetime ECL                amount          amount
                                                                                                           2022            2021
                                            Notes                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000

            Financial assets at
              amortised cost
            Bank balances and cash            26     Low risk               12m ECL                   1,942,233      1,075,606
            Time deposits                     25     Low risk               12m ECL                       33,467       285,677
            Restricted deposits               19     Low risk               12m ECL                       81,394         69,379
            Other receivables                 23     Note 1                 12m ECL                     273,564          33,833
            Trade receivables                 23     Note 2                 Lifetime ECL                  24,816         22,071
                                                                              (collective
                                                                              assessment)
            Trade receivables                 23     Low risk               Lifetime ECL                118,118          90,094
                                                                              (individual)

            Note 1:   For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether
                      credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.

            Note 2:   For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
                      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
                      and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
                      estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
                      general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
                      current as well as forward looking information at the period end.

            2022                                                       Past due          Not past due                    Total
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000

            Other receivables                                                   —               273,564               273,564


            2021                                                       Past due          Not past due                    Total
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000

            Other receivables                                                   —                33,833                33,833




164        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Liquidity risk

           In the management of liquidity risk, the management monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
           equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
           effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and
           ensures compliance with loan covenants, if any.

           Liquidity tables

           The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for their financial liabilities. The
           table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the
           earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

           The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest rates are floating
           rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the applicable interest rates as at December 31, 2022
           and 2021.

                                                      Repayable on
                                                        demand or                                   Total         Total
                                            Weighted      less than   1 year to   More than undiscounted       carrying
                                         average rate        1 year     5 years     5 years   cash flows       amount
                                                   %      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

           At December 31, 2022
           Trade and other payables               —        308,288     148,674           —         456,962     456,962
           Loans from non-controlling
              shareholders of
              subsidiaries
              — fixed rate                      3.02        33,953          —            —          33,953      32,958
           Lease liabilities                    4.35        26,336      42,723        1,305         70,364      64,703
           Other long-term liabilities          4.98            —        9,757       37,245         47,002      37,850


                                                           368,577     201,154       38,550        608,281     592,473


                                                      Repayable on
                                                        demand or                                     Total       Total
                                           Weighted       less than   1 year to   More than   undiscounted     carrying
                                         average rate        1 year    5 years      5 years     cash flows     amount
                                                   %     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

           At December 31, 2021
           Trade and other payables               —        373,860     118,720           —         492,580     492,580
           Loans from non-controlling
              shareholders of
              subsidiaries
              — fixed rate                      4.36        28,370          —            —          28,370      27,184
           Lease liabilities                    4.35        18,027      38,170       12,154         68,351      61,416
           Other long-term liabilities          4.97            —        9,308       36,285         45,593      36,713


                                                           420,257     166,198       48,439        634,894     617,893




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2022         165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

            Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
            following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
            particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
            which the fair value measurements are categorized (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
            inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                                     Fair value
            Financial assets                     Fair value as at                    hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs
                               31/12/2022                 31/12/2021

            Financial assets   Cash management            Cash management            Level 3      Discounted cash flows
              at FVTPL           products in PRC with       products in PRC with                    Key unobservable input is:
                                 principal of               principal of                            (1) Expected return;
                                 RMB487,883,000             RMB665,973,000                          (2) Risk-adjusted discount rate (Note)


            Unquoted equity    10% equity investment in   10% equity investment in   Level 3      Income approach
              investments        Huaxia Cemetery of         Huaxia Cemetery of                      Key unobservable inputs are:
                                 RMB38,110,000              RMB38,110,000                           (1) Long term revenue growth rates,
                                                                                                       taking into management’s experience
                                                                                                       and knowledge of market conditions
                                                                                                       of the specific industry;
                                                                                                    (2) Weighted average cost of capital


            Unquoted equity    N/A                        13.04% equity interests    Level 3      Income approach
              investments                                   in Hainan Tongyuan                      Key unobservable inputs are:
                                                            of RMB300,000,000                       (1) Long term revenue growth rates,
                                                                                                       taking into management’s experience
                                                                                                       and knowledge of market conditions
                                                                                                       of the specific industry;
                                                                                                    (2) Weighted average cost of capital

            Note: The Directors consider that the impact of the fluctuation in expected discount rate of the cash management
                  products was insignificant as the cash management products have short maturities, and therefore no
                  sensitivity analysis is presented.


            There is no transfer among level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.




166        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                 Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments — continued

           Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                   Financial assets
                                                                                                          at FVTPL
                                                                                                          RMB’000

           At January 1, 2021                                                                            1,021,037
           Total gains in profit or loss                                                                    27,966
           Purchase                                                                                        910,621
           Disposals/settlements                                                                          (955,541)

           At December 31, 2021                                                                          1,004,083


           Total gains in profit or loss                                                                    30,574
           Purchase                                                                                        372,645
           Disposals/settlements                                                                          (881,309)

           At December 31, 2022                                                                              525,993


           Total gains for the period included in profit RMB30,574,000 relates to financial assets designated at
           FVTPL held at December 31, 2022 (during the same period of last year: a gain of RMB27,966,000). Fair
           value gains on financial assets designated at FVTPL are included in ‘other income, gains and losses’.

37.   CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

                                                                                      31/12/2022        31/12/2021
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property and
        equipment and cemetery assets contracted for but not provided
        in the consolidated financial statements                                          25,366              59,240


38.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

      The Group participates in the MPF Scheme. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the
      Group and are invested in funds under the control of independent trustees. For members of the MPF Scheme,
      the Group contributes 5%, with maximum of HK$3,000 per person of relevant monthly payroll costs to the
      MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by employees. No forfeited contributions are available under the
      MPF Scheme.

      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
      operated by the PRC Government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute 12% to 20% of the total
      monthly basic salaries of their current employees to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The
      only obligation of the PRC subsidiaries with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the
      specified contributions.

      The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
      approximately RMB37,657,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB31,729,000), representing
      contributions paid and/or payable to the scheme by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022. As at
      December 31, 2022, contributions of RMB1,625,000 due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2022 had
      not been paid over to the plans (December 31, 2021: RMB514,000). The amounts were paid subsequent to
      the end of the reporting period.

                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


39.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities (including dividend payable, borrowings, lease
      liabilities, other long-term liabilities, loan from the third parties and loans from non-controlling shareholders of
      subsidiaries) arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising
      from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or future cash flows will be, classified in the
      Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                              Loans from
                                                                                                  Other non-controlling Repayments of
                                                       Dividend                     Lease      long-term    shareholders     loan from the
                                                       payable     Borrowings    liabilities   liabilities of subsidiaries    third parties      Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


      At January 1, 2021                                     —         13,860      72,973         32,992           35,919               —     155,744
      Financing cash flows                             (342,783)      (51,172)     (23,884)         (601)         (10,208)         (56,800)   (485,448)
      New leases entered                                     —             —         8,854            —                —                —        8,854
      Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries                —         35,500          586         3,248               —            56,800     96,134
      Interest expense                                       —          1,812        2,887         1,074            1,473               —        7,246
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
         of subsidiaries                                128,437            —             —            —                —                —     128,437
      Dividends recognized as distributions             214,346            —             —            —                —                —     214,346


      At December 31, 2021                                   —             —       61,416         36,713           27,184               —     125,313



      At January 1, 2022                                     —             —       61,416         36,713           27,184               —     125,313
      Financing cash flows                             (330,746)           —       (25,577)         (530)          (5,475)              —     (362,328)
      New leases entered                                     —             —       23,821             —                —                —      23,821
      Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries                —             —         2,541          238                —                —        2,779
      Interest expense                                       —             —         2,502         1,429            1,077               —        5,008
      Loan recognized as the consideration for
         the acquisition of a subsidiary                     —             —             —            —            10,172               —      10,172
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
         of subsidiaries                                100,587            —             —            —                —                —     100,587
      Dividends recognized as distributions             230,159            —             —            —                —                —     230,159


      At December 31, 2022                                   —             —       64,703         37,850           32,958               —     135,511



40.   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of the Directors, who are also key management, is disclosed in Note 9.




168          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                    Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


41.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:

                                                                      Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                      incorporation/                                                     value of issued share
                                                                      registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid    capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                           operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                           At December 31,
                                                                                                                                           2022        2021
                                                                                                                                             %           %

      Directly held:
      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited                          Hong Kong       October 10, 2011      2 shares of HK$2.00             100         100 Investment holding
          福壽園集團（香港）有限公司
      Indirectly held:
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.^                         PRC             January 18, 2011      RMB221,900,000                  100         100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園集團有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan^                                          PRC             February 21, 1994     RMB100,000,000                  100         100 Provision of burial services
          上海福壽園實業集團有限公司
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan^                                             PRC             July 7, 2003          RMB30,120,000                   100         100 Provision of burial services
          河南福壽園實業有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Consultancy Company Limited ^            PRC             August 9, 2010        RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Company Limited^                PRC             February 22, 2002     RMB10,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial services
          (“Hefei Dashushan”)
          合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Service Company Limited^                   PRC             September 27, 2008    RMB1,200,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral services
          合肥人本禮儀服務有限公司
      Hefei Huazhijian Flowers Company Limited^                       PRC             May 13, 2010          RMB500,000                       60          60 Provision of flowers and related
          合肥花之間花卉有限公司                                                                                                                                           designing services
      Shanghai Fushouyuan Enterprise Management Consulting            PRC             September 9, 2002     RMB5000,000                     100         100 Investment holding
          Co., Ltd. ^
          上海福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.^                              PRC             September 11, 1997    RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
          重慶安樂服務有限公司
      Chongqing Anle Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             January 23, 2003      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
          重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^   PRC             May 17, 2011          RMB500,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral services
          上海福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling^                                         PRC             January 7, 2004       RMB8,000,000                    100         100 Provision of burial services
          錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司
      Fumao Corporate Management Consultancy (Shanghai)               PRC             January 27, 2011      RMB5,000,000                    100         100 Investment holding
          Company Limited^
          福泖企業管理諮詢（上海）有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Shareholding Investment Corporation      PRC             November 10, 2010     RMB3,400,000,000                100         100 Investment holding
          (Limited Partnership)-
          重慶福壽園股權投資企業（有限合夥）
      Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             November 17, 2009     RMB140,000,000                50.89       50.89 Provision of burial services
          (“Nanchang Hongfu”)
          南昌洪福人文紀念有限責任公司
      Chongqing Fuyuan Corporate Management Consultancy               PRC             January 20, 2012      USD1,000,000                    100         100 Investment holding
          Company Limited+
          重慶福元企業管理諮詢有限公司




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                  Annual Report 2022                           169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


41.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                   Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                   incorporation/                                                    value of issued share
                                                                   registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid   capital/ registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                        operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2022        2021
                                                                                                                                          %           %

      Xiamen Huaixiang Condolence Services Company Limited^        PRC             December 31, 2012     RMB5,000,000                     90          90 Provision of funeral services
           廈門市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Equipment Company Limited^        PRC             November 20, 2012     RMB50,000,000                   100         100 Manufacturing and sales of
           福壽園環保機械製造有限公司                                                                                                                                     cremation devices
      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Company Limited^           PRC             December 29, 2001     RMB10,000,000                    50          50 Provision of burial services
           山東福壽園發展有限公司
      Ningbo Yongyi Funeral Services Company Limited^              PRC             January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral services
           寧波永逸殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan^ (Note (a))                             PRC             January 25, 2007      RMB50,000,000                    40          40 Provision of burial services
           上海南院實業發展有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Protection Equipment     PRC             March 21, 2013        RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Sales and after-sales service of
           Company Limited^                                                                                                                                  cremation devices
           上海福壽園環保設備有限公司
      Shanghai Senfu Fruits and Vegetables Technological           PRC             July 2, 2013          RMB1,600,000                    100         100 Sales of agricultural products
           Development Company Limited^
           上海森福蔬果科技發展有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Jingguan Design Company Limited^       PRC             January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000                     95          95 Provision of designing service
           上海福壽園景觀設計有限公司
      Wuhan Changle Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services                  PRC             October 30, 2013      RMB1,000,000                     51          51 Inactive
           Company Limited^
           武漢長樂福壽殯儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Baitayuan^                                         PRC             September 8, 1997     RMB13,405,700                   100         100 Provision of burial service and
           重慶白塔園殯葬開發有限公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment Fund Partnership          PRC             March 13, 2014        RMB2,000,000,000                100         100 Investment holding
           (Limited Partnership)-
           重慶福鼎股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）
      Beijing Fushouyuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                     PRC             March 26, 2014        RMB100,000,000                   60          60 Investment holding
           北京福壽園投資有限公司
      Meilin Century Cemetery^                                     PRC             June 8, 1999          RMB32,730,000                 50.89       50.89 Provision of burial service and
           南昌福壽園殯儀有限責任公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery^                              PRC             December 11, 2012     RMB118,600,000                  100          90 Provision of burial service
           遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery ^                                PRC             May 7, 2013           RMB3,500,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司
      Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery^                                PRC             October 25, 2010      RMB54,500,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery^                               PRC             March 22, 2007        RMB55,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           常州棲鳳山國際人文陵園有限公司
      Fushouyuan (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.+                  PRC             July 14, 2015         RMB200,000,000                  100         100 Investment holding
           福壽園（上海）投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^   PRC             March 9, 2016         RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           泰安福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^          PRC             March 8, 2016         RMB80,000,000                    51          51 Provision of burial service and
           (“Chongqing Xiyuan”)                                                                                                                              funeral service
           重慶福壽園西苑實業有限公司
      Wuyuan County Fu Shou Funeral Co., Ltd.^                     PRC             December 17, 2015     RMB100,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
           婺源縣福壽園殯儀有限責任公司




170          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                   Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


41.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                   Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                   incorporation/                                                    value of issued share
                                                                   registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid   capital/ registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                        operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2022        2021
                                                                                                                                          %           %

      Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai ^                                 PRC             October 25, 2004      RMB1,500,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           棗莊市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             October 20, 2016      RMB70,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Company Limited^                        PRC             December 5, 2016      RMB1,200,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral services
           合肥人本殯葬服務有限公司
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemete^                                       PRC             August 31, 2015       RMB48,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
           洛陽仙鶴紀念陵園有限公司
      Yancheng Dafeng Fushouyuan Funeral and Burial Service        PRC             January 17, 2017      RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           Co., Ltd.^
           鹽城大豐福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Gaoyou Fushouyuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                PRC             May 12, 2017          RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           高郵福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fushouyuan Memorial Mausoleum Co. Ltd.^              PRC             September 25, 2014    RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司
      Temshine^                                                    PRC             June 23, 2005         RMB6,150,000                    100         100 Provision of designing service
           北京天泉佳境陵園建築設計有限公司
      Shanghai Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.^                PRC             December 1, 2021      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of designing service
           上海天泉佳境建築設計有限公司
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery^                                  PRC             May 8, 2013           RMB25,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial service
           廣西華祖園投資有限公司
      Changzhou Fushouyuan Etiquette Co., Ltd.^                    PRC             January 7, 2013       RMB500,000                       76          76 Provision of funeral service
           常州福壽園禮儀有限公司
      Qinzhou Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             July 31, 2017         RMB30,000,000                    60          60 Provision of burial service
           欽州華祖園投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.^                    PRC             April 29, 2016        RMB40,000,000                    65          65 Provision of burial service
           泰安福壽園實業發展有限公司
      Ningde Huaixiang Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^                 PRC             July 17, 2017         RMB3,000,000                     77          77 Provision of funeral service
           寧德市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^             PRC             October 25, 2017      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
           淮北福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Lujiang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^             PRC             October 31, 2017      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
           廬江福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery^                                  PRC             January 2, 2018       RMB2,000,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
           朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有限公司
      Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery^                                   PRC             November 13, 2007     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           內蒙古福壽園實業有限公司
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan^                                        PRC             March 27, 2017        RMB40,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service and
           正安縣福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                                      funeral service
      Xuancheng Mashan Scenic Service Co., Ltd.^                   PRC             January 5, 2018       RMB40,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
           宣城馬山風景陵園有限公司
      Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service Center Co., Ltd.^          PRC             April 3, 2018         RMB8,000,000                     55          55 Provision of funeral service
           杭州蕭山殯儀服務中心有限公司
      Fushoujia (Shanghai) Industrial Development Co., Ltd.^       PRC             August 7, 2017        RMB30,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
           福壽家（上海）實業發展有限公司
      Ningbo Fenghua Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^         PRC             June 11, 2018         RMB1,000,000                     60          60 Provision of funeral service
           寧波奉化福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                               Annual Report 2022                           171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


41.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued
                                                                  Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                                  incorporation/                                                    value of issued share
                                                                  registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid   capital/ registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                       operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                      At December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2022        2021
                                                                                                                                         %           %

      Changzhou Jintan Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^      PRC             October 25, 2018      RMB1,000,000                     80          80 Provision of funeral service
          常州金壇福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Yanshan County Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^        PRC             August 23, 2018       RMB25,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          鉛山縣福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Ganzhou Ronglong Humanities Memorial Park Management        PRC             November 29, 2018     RMB10,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
          Co., Ltd.^
          贛州蓉龍人文紀念園管理有限公司
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery^                                   PRC             December 24, 2012     RMB20,000,000                    80          80 Provision of burial service
          湖北天聖公墓有限公司
      Shandong Anzun Life Culture Service Co., Ltd.^              PRC             January 28, 2019      RMB60,000,000                    49          49 Provision of burial service
          (“Shandong Anzun”) (Note (b))
          山東安尊生命文化服務有限公司
      Fuyang Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^                PRC             July 23, 2018         RMB5,500,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          阜陽福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Linquan Heheyuan Funeral Home Co.,Ltd.^                     PRC             June 24, 2019         RMB50,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          臨泉駕鶴園殯儀館有限公司
      Shucheng Fushouyuan Funeral Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^    PRC             November 11, 2019     RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          舒城福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Zaozhuang Fushouyuan Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^           PRC             December 12, 2019     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          棗莊市福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery^                                 PRC             September 29, 2000    RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司
      Jinsha Fuze^                                                PRC             January 6, 2011       RMB74,000,000                    80          80 Provision of funeral service
          金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司
      Shanghai Fushouyun Life Information Technology Co., Ltd.^   PRC             November 19, 2012     RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of funeral service
          上海福壽雲生命信息科技有限公司
      Gansu Hailinjinggang Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             July 2, 2009          RMB70,000,000                    95          95 Provision of burial service
          甘肅海林幜港實業有限公司
      Changfeng Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                      PRC             January 1, 2020       RMB300,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
          長豐福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Ruichang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                       PRC             September 30, 2020    RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          瑞昌市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Shanghai Shengsheng Culture Communication Co., Ltd.^        PRC             March 24, 2014        RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          上海聖生文化傳播有限公司
      Binzhou Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             November 12, 2020     RMB1,500,000                    100         100 Provision of burial service
          濱州福壽園實業有限公司
      Chaohu County Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^       PRC             November 27, 2020     RMB500,000                      100         100 Provision of funeral service
          巢湖福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. ^                  PRC             December 1, 2020      RMB30,000,000                    90          90 Provision of burial service
          大連福壽園實業有限公司
      Fu Shou Garden (Zhanjiang) Humanities Memorial              PRC             May 15, 2020          RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          Company Limited.^
          福壽園（湛江）人文紀念有限公司
      Hefei Ruining Shoufu Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^             PRC             June 9, 2020          RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
          合肥瑞寧壽福殯儀服務有限公司
      Guangxi Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC             June 15, 2021         RMB10,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
          廣西福壽園實業投資有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                   PRC             June 4, 2021          USD30,000,000                   100         100 Investment holding
          大連福壽園投資有限公司




172           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                 Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


41.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued
                                                           Place of                                                          Proportion of nominal
                                                           incorporation/                                                    value of issued share
                                                           registration and Date of incorporation/ Issued and fully paid   capital/ registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                operations       establishment          share/registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                               At December 31,
                                                                                                                                2022        2021
                                                                                                                                  %           %

      Yunnan Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^       PRC             October 13, 2021      RMB1,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
         雲南福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Heze Fuluyuan ^                                      PRC             January 31, 2013      RMB50,000,000                    90          90 Provision of burial service
         菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公司
      Zhengzhou Anletang^                                  PRC             April 26, 2019        RMB2,000,000                    100         100 Provision of funeral service
         鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限公司
      Anhui Longmen^                                       PRC             January 15, 2015      RMB21,000,000                   100         100 Provision of burial service
         安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司
      Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan º^                                PRC             November 11, 2015     RMB6,122,000                     51          30 Provision of burial service
         涿鹿隆暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司

      #
                The English names of all subsidiaries established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

      *         The entity was set up during the year ended December 31, 2022.

      ^
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of domestic limited liability company.

      +
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

      -
                The entity is established in the PRC in the form of limited liability partnership.

      º         The entity was acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022.

      Notes:

      (a)       Haigang Fu Shou Yuan was an associate of the Group prior to January 4, 2013. On January 4, 2013, the Group has
                been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of Haigang Fu
                Shou Yuan unilaterally. As such, Haigang Fu Shou Yuan is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group from January
                4, 2013.

      (b)       The Group has been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities
                of Shandong Anzun unilaterally. As such, Shandong Anzun is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group.


      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




                                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                               Annual Report 2022                           173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS

      The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
      controlling interests:

                                                                      Proportion of
                                             Place of             ownership interests
                                             incorporation and    and voting rights held     Profit allocated to
                                             principal place of    by non-controlling         non-controlling         Accumulated non-
                                             business                   interests                interests           controlling interests

                                                                      2022          2021       2022          2021       2022        2021
                                                                         %             %    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000

      Hefei Dashushan                        PRC                        40            40      21,495      31,631       88,933      67,438
      Nanchang Hongfu                        PRC                     49.11          49.11      6,227      15,866      111,067    113,749
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan                   PRC                        60            60      83,656      83,573      110,266      97,560
      Guanlingshan Cultural                  PRC                         —            10          —          3,245         —       39,000
        Cemetery
      Chongqing Xiyuan                       PRC                        49            49       1,876         2,138     42,486      41,590
      Shandong Fu Shou                       PRC                        50            50      20,711      11,379       87,446      66,735
        Yuan Development
      Changzhou Qifengshan                   PRC                        20            20       8,942      10,005       36,819      37,364
      Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                     9,226      11,774      161,229    165,444
        with non-controlling interests


      Total                                                                                  152,133    169,611       638,246    628,880


      Summarized financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-
      controlling interests is set out below. The summarized financial information below represents amounts before
      intragroup eliminations.




174           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Hefei Dashushan

                                                                                   31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  275,751             235,212


      Non-current assets                                                                8,963              10,232


      Current liabilities                                                              21,167              38,039


      Non-current liabilities                                                          41,214              38,810


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    133,400             101,157


      Non-controlling interests                                                        88,933              67,438


                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          94,689             139,322


      Expenses                                                                        (40,951)            (60,244)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                          32,243              47,447
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                      21,495              31,631


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                               53,738              79,078


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        43,782              88,087


      Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                               2,967              (1,056)


      Net cash inflow                                                                  46,749              87,031




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Nanchang Hongfu

                                                                                 31/12/2022    31/12/2021
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                110,204      136,734


      Non-current assets                                                            173,322      174,084


      Current liabilities                                                            35,215        58,760


      Non-current liabilities                                                        22,153        20,438


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  115,091      117,871


      Non-controlling interests                                                     111,067      113,749


                                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        48,179        72,476


      Expenses                                                                      (35,499)      (40,170)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                         6,453        16,440
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     6,227        15,866

      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             12,680        32,306


      Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                      8,909            —


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from operating activities                           (25,572)       31,345


      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                       (106)       (5,270)


      Net cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities                            18,142       (10,120)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                      (7,536)       15,955




176        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan

                                                                                   31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  183,068             161,721


      Non-current assets                                                               72,441              71,479


      Current liabilities                                                              47,247              49,218


      Non-current liabilities                                                          24,485              21,382


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     73,511              65,040


      Non-controlling interests                                                       110,266              97,560


                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                         231,238             228,778


      Expenses                                                                        (91,811)            (89,489)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                          55,771              55,716
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                      83,656              83,573

      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              139,427             139,289


      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      70,950             112,890


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       135,868             143,346


      Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                                411               (1,210)


      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                     (118,250)        (188,150)


      Net cash inflow (outflow)                                                        18,029             (46,014)




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Chongqing Xiyuan

                                                                             31/12/2022    31/12/2021
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                             15,013        19,243


      Non-current assets                                                        127,613      130,386


      Current liabilities                                                        51,451        60,847


      Non-current liabilities                                                     4,470         3,905


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               44,219        43,287


      Non-controlling interests                                                  42,486        41,590


                                                                                 2022          2021
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                    28,307        29,780


      Expenses                                                                  (24,479)      (25,417)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                     1,952         2,225
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                 1,876         2,138

      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                          3,828         4,363


      Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                   980             —


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                   7,579         7,596


      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                    (21)         (223)


      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                (13,165)       (4,785)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                  (5,607)        2,588




178        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development

                                                                                  31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                 115,433              72,493


      Non-current assets                                                             122,855             122,032


      Current liabilities                                                             38,161              38,436


      Non-current liabilities                                                         25,235              22,619


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    87,446              66,735


      Non-controlling interests                                                       87,446              66,735


                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                         98,629              71,242


      Expenses                                                                       (57,207)            (48,484)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                         20,711              11,379
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     20,711              11,379


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              41,422              22,758


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       33,061              26,414


      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                      (1,958)                (96)


      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                          —              (12,379)


      Net cash inflow                                                                 31,103              13,939




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


42.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL NON-
      CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Changzhou Qifengshan

                                                                                 31/12/2022    31/12/2021
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                162,661      158,864


      Non-current assets                                                             83,661        87,492


      Current liabilities                                                            28,471        31,075


      Non-current liabilities                                                        33,752        28,459


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  147,280      149,458


      Non-controlling interests                                                      36,819        37,364


                                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        86,729        96,151


      Expenses                                                                      (42,020)      (46,134)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                        35,767        40,012
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     8,942        10,005

      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             44,709        50,017


      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     9,487         6,515


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from operating activities                           (43,308)       63,776


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                            (3,058)        1,827


      Net cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities                            47,437       (32,421)


      Net cash inflow                                                                 1,071        33,182




180        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


43.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

      The statement of financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                  31/12/2022       31/12/2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current Asset
      Interest in subsidiaries                                                            1                   1


                                                                                          1                   1


      Current assets
      Trade and other receivables                                                         —                  40
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                  796,637        1,770,907
      Bank balances and cash                                                          18,372              16,800


                                                                                     815,009        1,787,747


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                          196                 312
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                     72,368             815,085


                                                                                      72,564             815,397


      Net current assets                                                             742,445             972,350



      Total assets less current Liabilities                                          742,446             972,351



      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                  142,148             142,179
      Reserves (Note)                                                                600,298             830,172


      Total equity                                                                   742,446             972,351




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022       181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022


43.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY — continued

      Note:

                                                  Treasury        Share        Special Share option Accumulated
                                                    shares     premium*        reserve      reserve      losses           Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

      At January 1, 2021                           (187,711)    1,422,309        79,667         9,110      (243,186)   1,080,189
      Loss and total comprehensive expense
         for the year                                    —             —             —             —         (4,874)        (4,874)
      Dividends recognized as distributions              —       (214,346)           —             —             —       (214,346)
      Shares purchased by trustee under the
         restricted share incentive scheme          (71,958)           —             —             —             —        (71,958)
      Exercise of stock options                          —         50,271            —         (9,110)           —         41,161


      At December 31, 2021                         (259,669)    1,258,234        79,667            —       (248,060)     830,172


      Loss and total comprehensive expense
        for the year                                     —             —             —             —         (2,667)       (2,667)
      Dividends recognized as distributions              —       (230,159)           —             —             —       (230,159)
      Shares purchased by trustee under the
        restricted share incentive scheme             4,840            —             —             —             —          4,840
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares              —         (1,888)           —             —             —         (1,888)


      At December 31, 2022                         (254,829)    1,026,187        79,667            —       (250,727)     600,298


      *       Pursuant to section 34 of the Companies Law of Cayman Islands (2003 Revision) and the Articles of Association of the
              Company, share premium of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders subject to a solvency on the
              Company and the provision of the Articles of Association of the Company.




182        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2022
                                                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                    2018          2019          2020             2021            2022
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                        1,651,299     1,850,574     1,892,537         2,325,848     2,171,626
Operating expenditures
Staff costs                                     (401,192)     (416,125)     (385,805)         (469,616)     (463,624)
Construction costs                               (70,137)      (72,897)      (76,495)         (167,358)     (123,266)
Consumed materials and goods                    (117,113)     (141,477)     (149,109)         (177,538)     (162,065)
Outsourced service costs                         (55,002)      (54,418)      (52,906)          (53,122)        (55,417)
Marketing and sales channel costs                (43,876)      (38,671)      (36,072)          (43,986)        (43,155)
Depreciation and amortisation                    (92,730)     (123,170)     (136,713)         (146,734)     (155,953)
Other general operating expenditures            (137,717)     (139,039)     (133,406)         (197,643)     (153,616)
Inventory changes                                (10,638)        4,564         5,872            28,448          17,035
Impairment losses under expected
  credit loss model (“ECL”), net of
  reversal                                             —            —              —            (3,821)         (1,238)


Profit from operations                           722,894       869,341       927,903         1,094,478     1,030,327
Other income, gains and losses                    60,172        88,632        61,707           103,580          74,293
Share of (loss) profit of joint ventures              —           (176)               4        (11,577)         (7,407)
Finance costs                                      (8,293)     (11,128)        (9,525)          (7,246)         (5,008)


Profit before taxation                           774,773       946,669       980,089         1,179,235     1,092,205
Income tax expense                              (159,140)     (211,350)     (222,784)         (289,591)     (281,476)


Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                   615,633       735,319       757,305           889,644         810,729



Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                            488,364       578,579       620,064           720,033         658,596
Non-controlling interests                        127,269       156,740       137,241           169,611         152,133


                                                 615,633       735,319       757,305           889,644         810,729



                                              RMB cents      RMB cents    RMB cents         RMB cents     RMB cents
Earnings per share
— Basic                                             22.2          25.9          27.4              31.6            29.0


— Diluted                                           21.9          25.7          27.3              31.6            29.0




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022       183
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                  As at 31 December
                                               2018           2019           2020         2021          2022
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

Assets and liabilities
Total assets                               5,237,704      5,985,620    6,678,175      7,405,450    7,815,891
Total liabilities                         (1,186,821)    (1,400,407)   (1,536,089)   (1,733,130)   (1,701,887)


                                           4,050,883      4,585,213    5,142,086      5,672,320    6,114,004


Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                  3,512,431      4,043,070    4,567,881      5,043,440    5,475,758
Non-controlling interests                    538,452       542,143       574,205       628,880       638,246


                                           4,050,883      4,585,213    5,142,086      5,672,320    6,114,004




184         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                                    DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“AGM”                              the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on May 25, 2023

“Alliance Rise”                    Alliance Rise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Hongkong
                                   on May 8, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                   wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu

“Anhui Longmen Cemetery”           a cemetery in Suzhou of Anhui Province and operated by Anhui Longmen
                                   Cultural Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (安 徽 龍 門 文 化 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                   Company

“Annual Report”                    this annual report dated March 17, 2023 of the Company

“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”     a cemetery in Anyang of Henan Province and operated by Anyang Fu
                                   Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.* (安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司), formerly
                                   known as Anyang Wulong Civil Service Co., Ltd* (安陽縣五龍民生服務有限
                                   公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                   subsidiary of the Company

“Articles of Association”          the amended and restated articles of association of the Company
                                   conditionally adopted on December 3, 2013 (as amended, supplemented
                                   or otherwise modified from time to time)

“ASP”                              Average unit selling price

“Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Company

“Auxiliary services”               auxiliary services includes provision of landscape and garden design
                                   services and production and sales of cremation machine and the related
                                   maintenance service

“Board” or “Board of Directors”    the board of Directors

“CG Code”                          the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                   Rules

“Changchun Huaxia Cemetery”        a cemetery in Changchun City of Jilin Province and operated by
                                   Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (長春華夏陵園有限公司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC

“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Changzhou City of Jiangsu Province and operated by
                                   Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (常州棲鳳山國際
                                   人文陵園有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                   PRC and a subsidiary of the Company




                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        185
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”            a cemetery in Chaoyang County of Liaoning Province and operated by
                                        Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有
                                        限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this Annual
                                        Report, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
                                        and Taiwan

“Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”       Chongqing Anle Funeral Services Co., Ltd.* (重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司),
                                        a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary
                                        of the Company

“Chongqing Anle Services”               Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Chongqing Baitayuan”                   a cemetery in Yongchuan of Chongqing Municipality and operated by
                                        Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶白塔
                                        園殯葬開發有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing FSY Group”                   Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 福 壽 園 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                        formerly known as Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福
                                        壽 園 實 業 有 限 公 司), a company established in the PRC on January 18,
                                        2011. It is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Companies Act”                         the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised)
                                        of the Cayman Islands (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                        from time to time)

“Company”, “our Company”, “Fu Shou      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (福壽園國際集團有限公司), a
  Yuan”                                 limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
                                        Islands on January 5, 2012

“Compliance Committee”                  the compliance committee of the Company

“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“EIT Law”                               the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax

“FSG Holding”                           FSG Holding Corporation, a company incorporated in BVI on December 6,
                                        2011 and one of the Company’s Shareholders




186         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                                     DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“FSY Hong Kong”                     Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company
                                    incorporated in HK on October 10, 2011. It is a direct held subsidiary of
                                    the Company

“Global Offering”                   the offering by the Company of its Shares for subscription by the public in
                                    Hong Kong and placing with professional and institutional investors
                                    outside the United States in December 2013

“Grand Fire”                        Grand Fire Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on July
                                    2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), the non-executive
                                    Director

“Group”, “our Group”, “us”, “we”    the Company and its subsidiaries
  or “Fu Shou Yuan Group”

“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”        a cemetery in Fangchenggang City of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
                                    Region and operated by Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.* (廣西
                                    華祖園投資有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                    PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2017

“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”    a cemetery in Tieling City of Liaoning Province and operated by Liaoning
                                    Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園
                                    林 公 墓 有 限 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                    PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”              Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (正安縣福壽園實業有限公司),
                                    formerly known as Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (貴州
                                    天圓山殯儀服務有限公司), a limited company established under the laws
                                    of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”              a cemetery in Pudong New District of Shanghai (上 海 浦 東 新 區) and
                                    operated by Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co. Ltd.* (上海南
                                    院實業發展有限公司), a company established in the PRC and a subsidiary
                                    of the Company

“Hefei Dashushan Co.” or “Hefei     Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公
  Dashushan”                        司), a company established in the PRC on February 22, 2002, owned as to
                                    40% by Chongqing FSY Group, 40% by Hefei Shushan Martyr Cemetery
                                    Management Department* (合 肥 蜀 山 烈 士 陵 園 管 理 處), and 20% by
                                    Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. It is an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                    the Company

“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”        a cemetery in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province and operated by Harbin
                                    Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (哈 爾 濱 明 西 園 公 墓 有 限 責 任 公 司), a
                                    limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary
                                    of the Company




                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022        187
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”             a cemetery in Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and
                                        operated by Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古福
                                        壽園實業有限公司), formerly known as Helingeer County Anyou Ecological
                                        Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (和林格爾縣安佑生態紀念陵園有限責任公
                                        司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”                    a cemetery in Longhu Town, Xinzheng city of Henan Province (河南省新鄭
                                        市龍湖鎮) and operated by Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (河南
                                        福壽園實業有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Heze Fuluyuan”                         a cemetery in Heze City of Shandong Province and operated by
                                        HezeFuluyuan Cemetery Management Co., Ltd.* (菏澤福祿園公墓管理有限
                                        公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Hongfu”                                Shanghai Hongfu Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (上海鴻福投資發展有
                                        限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on November
                                        28, 2000 and owned as to 50% by NGO 1 and 50% by NGO 2, one of the
                                        Company’s Shareholders

“Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$” and        Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
  “cents”                               Kong

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“Hubei Tianxian Cemetery”               a cemetery in Wuhan of Hubei Province, a limited company established
                                        under the laws of the PRC and became a subsidiary of the Company since
                                        January 2019

“Jinsha Fuze”                           Jinsha Fuze Binzang Co., Ltd.* (金沙縣福澤殯葬有限責任公司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”                a cemetery in Jinzhou City of Liaoning Province and operated by Jinzhou
                                        City Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd.* (錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Last Year”                             the year ended December 31, 2021




188         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2022
                              DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Linxin”                     Shanghai Linxin Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (上海臨信資產管理有限公
                             司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                             investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                             Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會)

“Listing”                    listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”               December 19, 2013, the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                             commence on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                             amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”    A cemetery in Luoyang City of Henan Province and operated by Luoyang
                             Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (洛 陽 仙 鶴 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a
                             limited company established under the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                             Company since January 2017

“Meilin Century Cemetery”    a cemetery in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province acquired and operated by
                             Nanchang Hongfu

“Model Code”                 the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                             set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Nanchang Hongfu”            Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.* (南昌洪福人文紀念有限
                             責任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                             subsidiary of the Company

“NGO 1”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Development Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老齡事業開發服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social welfare
                             benefits, with an emphasis on facility developments, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“NGO 2”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Consultancy Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老齡事業諮詢服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Qingpu Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social
                             welfare benefits, with an emphasis on advisory services, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“Nomination Committee”       the nomination committee of the Company




                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2022         189
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Peaceful Field”                         Peaceful Field Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                         July 2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生), the
                                         executive Director

“Perfect Score”                          Perfect Score Group Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in
                                         BVI on June 18, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                         wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise

“Prospectus”                             the prospectus of the Company dated December 9, 2013

“Remuneration Committee”                 the remuneration committee of the Company

“Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”      the restricted share incentive scheme adopted by the Company with effect
                                         from November 29, 2019

“Restricted Shares”                      any Share(s) that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                         participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

“RMB”                                    Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                         Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                         time)

“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”                  Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.* (山東福壽園發展有限公
                                         司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”                  a cemetery in Qingpu District of Shanghai and operated by Shanghai FSY
                                         Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業集團有限公司), formerly known
                                         as Shanghai FSY Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業發展有
                                         限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Zhongfu”                       Shanghai Zhongfu International Trade Co., Ltd.* (上海眾福國際貿易有限公
                                         司), a company established in the PRC. It was a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                         of Zhongfu

“Share(s)”                               ordinary share(s) with a nominal value of US$0.01 each in the share capital
                                         of the Company

“Share Option Scheme”                    the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                         December 3, 2013

“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the Share(s)

“sq.m.”                                  square meters




190          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2022
                                  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”     has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Takeovers Code”                 the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (as amended,
                                 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Temshine”                       Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.* (北京天泉佳境陵園建築設
                                 計有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and
                                 a subsidiary of the Company since August 2017

“United States”                  the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                 subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “US dollar”             United Stated dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wish and Catch”                 Wish and Catch Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                 June 28, 2013, wholly-owned by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), the chairman
                                 and one of the executive Directors of the Company

“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Wuyuan of Jiangxi Province and operated by Wuyuan
                                 Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company

“Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”            Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福壽園西苑實業
                                 有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                 subsidiary of the Company

“Year”                           year ended December 31, 2022

“Yongying”                       Yongying Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (永 贏 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                 company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                                 investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                                 Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會), the investment made by
                                 Yongying in the Limited Partnership for and on behalf of Yongying Asset
                                 — Yonghui Phase II special Asset Management Plan (永贏資產 — 甬匯二
                                 期專項資產管理計劃)

“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”     Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市福
                                 壽園殯葬服務有限公司), formerly known as Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai
                                 Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市山亭興泰殯儀服務有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company since November 2016




                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2022         191
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Zhengzhou Anletang”                         Zhengzhou Anletang Etiquette service Co., Ltd.* (鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限
                                             公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                             subsidiary of the Company

“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”                         a cemetery in Zhangjiakou city of Hebei Province and operated by Zhuolu
                                             Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development Management Co. Ltd* (涿鹿隆
                                             暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司), a limited company established under the
                                             laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Zhongfu”                                    China Zhongfu Industrial Group Limited* (中國中福實業集團有限公司), a
                                             limited liability company established in the PRC on July 15, 1985 and
                                             directly wholly-owned by Hongfu, and one of the Company’s Shareholders

“%”                                          per cent

*     Denotes English translation or transliteration of the name of a Chinese company or entity or vice versa and is provided for
      identification purposes only.




192         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2022
