年     度       報        告                                                            ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                                                                   Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability




                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021 年 度 報 告


福 壽 園 國 際 集 團 有 限 公 司                                                   福 壽 園 國 際 集 團 有 限 公 司
FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED                                FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
      CONTENTS
  2 Corporate Information

  4 Chairman’s Statement

  8 Management Discussion and Analysis

 27 Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

 33 Directors’ Report

 47 Corporate Governance Report

 59 Independent Auditor’s Report

      Consolidated Financial Statements

        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
 64        Other Comprehensive Income

 65     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 67     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 68     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 71     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

188 Financial Summary

190 Definitions and Glossary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         COMPANY SECRETARY
    Executive Directors                                        Ms. Hu Yi
    Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
    Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)                         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)                         Mr. Bai Xiaojiang
                                                               Ms. Hu Yi
    Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Lu Hesheng                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                                 Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited

    Mr. Ma Xiang                                               Windward 3, Regatta Office Park

      (resigned with effect from March 24, 2021)               P.O. Box 1350

    Ms. Zhou Lijie                                             Grand Cayman KY1-1108

      (appointed with effect from March 24, 2021)              Cayman Islands


    Independent Non-executive Directors                        HEADQUARTERS
    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                            Room 1306

    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                            No. 88 Cao Xi Road North

    Mr. Ho Man                                                 Shanghai

    Ms. Liang Yanjun                                           China 200030

    Mr. Chen Xin
                                                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
      (appointed with effect from January 21, 2021)
                                                               HONG KONG
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                            Unit 709, 7/F

    Mr. Ho Man (Chairman)                                      K. Wah Centre

    Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                                 191 Java Road

    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                            North Point

    Mr. Chen Xin                                               Hong Kong

      (appointed with effect from January 21, 2021)
                                                               PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)                               Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited

    Mr. Wang Jisheng                                           Windward 3, Regatta Office Park

    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                            P.O. Box 1350

    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                            Grand Cayman KY1-1108

    Mr. Ho Man                                                 Cayman Islands


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                     HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. Luo Zhuping (Chairman)                                 TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                            Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
                                                               Hopewell Centre
    COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE                                       183 Queen’s Road East
    Ms. Liang Yanjun (Chairman)                                Wanchai
    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                            Hong Kong
    Mr. Luo Zhuping
    Mr. Ho Man




2      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Construction Bank of China
Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Bank of Communications
Bank of Shanghai
Citibank, N.A.

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
1448

WEBSITE
www.fsygroup.com




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the Group’s
    results of 2021 to all shareholders for review.

    With the progress of vaccination and resumption of work and production, the COVID-19 pandemic eased up in
    2021, and the global economy recovered under the stimulation of consumption and investment. Many countries
    reopened; the consumption market gradually regained vitality; an increasing number of enterprises tried to explore
    opportunities for broader development space and greater benefits. However, countries witnessed differentiated
    economic developments and unbalanced economic recoveries in the post-pandemic era as they had different
    epidemic control measures, economic structures and development paths. Industries greatly affected by the
    pandemic were still in a difficult situation.

    By further developing the comprehensive advantage and actively seizing the opportunities, the Group stayed at the
    forefront of the death care service industry and achieved a healthy revenue growth as compared with the prior year,
    rounding off the year 2021 with a satisfactory performance. During the Year, the Group recorded revenue of
    RMB2,325.8 million, representing an increase of 22.9% compared with 2020. Net profit was RMB889.6 million,
    representing an increase of 17.5% compared with 2020, of which profit and total comprehensive income
    attributable to owners was RMB720.0 million, representing an increase of 16.1% compared with 2020. The Board
    proposes a final dividend of HK5.64 cents per Share for 2021 to the Shareholders. Together with the interim
    dividend of HK5.64 cents per Share distributed during the Year, the total dividend for the full year of 2021 is
    HK11.28 cents per Share, which is in line with the Group’s committed dividend policy to reward shareholders for the
    long-term trust and support.

    Filial piety, a traditional virtue of the Chinese nation, is the most important moral norm and the key factor of
    promoting the long-term development of China’s death care service industry. As a country with the largest
    population in the world, China now is a pretty vigorous market. The rapid economic and social development, the
    increasing life standards of people and the fast-growing aging population drive the death care service industry to
    grow and continuously boost the industry to develop sustainably, based on which, I believe that China’s death care
    service market the Group focuses on currently will become one of the leading death care service markets in the
    world.

    The Group has long been committed to the core values of “innovation, truth-seeking, peace of mind and sincerity”,
    developing business advantages, focusing on cultivating talents and exploring new operation and management
    patterns. At the same time, the Group upholds the mission of “running a good enterprise and changing the entire
    industry”, continuously promotes consolidation and improvement, strives for high-quality development, achieves
    new breakthroughs and makes efforts to advance the development of China’s modern death care service industry.
    At present, the Group has established its presence across burial services, funeral services, equipment and supplies,
    landscape design, pre-need services, “Death Care + Internet” and life education. The Group’s business has been
    expanded to more than 40 cities in 19 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China.




4      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

As we enter the 5G era, every industry will be supported by big data in the future. As early as last year, the Group
started from the idea of “expressing feelings to loved ones from home” and launched the cloud memorial platform
“Fu Shou Cloud” and online services including “Online Tomb-sweeping” and “Online Blessing”, being the pioneer to
support the death care service industry with information technologies, promote the digitalization of the industry and
achieve online memorial services and civilized technology-backed tomb-sweeping. On the Winter Solstice of last
year, the Group further developed the internet-based business and launched the communal memorial ceremony of
“sending feelings and praying for happiness, longevity and health during the Winter Solstice Festival”. With the help
of Internet technology, the online communal memorial service has broadcast the whole process of “nine rituals of
praying for happiness and longevity” to the public according to the traditional worship process in the Book of Rites.
The whole service package helped citizens to solve the problem of inability to attend funerals on site and the
cumbersome process of arranging funerals, enabled them to interact with the cemetery seamlessly and “share their
feelings in a virtual space” without being separated by physical distance.

During the Year, Fu Shou Yuan responded to the country’s policy, followed the trend of green and low-carbon
development and launched carbon neutrality projects, becoming the “carbon neutrality pathfinder” of the industry.
Carbon neutrality is not only an environmental issue, but also a political and economic issue that focuses on the
energy revolution and relies on technological breakthroughs. In the context of carbon neutrality, low-carbon
emissions in all industries are becoming an increasingly important development factor, and there will be higher
expectations for companies to disclose data on their carbon emissions. In December 2021, Fu Shou Yuan
International Group officially received the certificate for the voluntary carbon neutrality projects and achieved the
nominal “carbon neutrality”, thus becoming the first group enterprise in China’s death care service industry to
advocate and practice carbon neutrality. Going forward, Fu Shou Yuan will continue to undertake social
responsibilities, make real efforts in low-carbon emissions and emission reductions and help achieve the “carbon
peaking and carbon neutrality” goals.

The Group strives to expand the business scope and develop new cooperation areas to facilitate high-quality
development. In March 2021, Fu Shou Yuan concluded an investment agreement with Shandong Heze Fuluyuan for
acquiring its 90% equity interest. The two parties will carry out further cooperation, commit to improving people’s
livelihood, inheriting urban context, promoting ecological civilization and leading industrial revolution, and work
jointly to improve the funeral equipment construction and the overall death care service level of Heze City. In May
2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire the 100% equity interest of Anhui Longmen Cultural
Cemetery Co., Ltd., through which the Group can expand the coverage of its businesses, further improve brand
recognition, enhance the overall operation capacity and strengthen the core competitiveness in the national market.

To advance the strategic transformation and value shaping and improve the corporate image, the Group actively
participates in the hospice care undertaking, making contributions to alleviating the burdens on the society and
improving people’s wellbeing. In July 2021, Fu Shou Yuan participated in the organization of the forum for
“Combination of Hospice Care with Elderly Care Industry”. Focusing on the in-depth integration of hospice care and
elderly care industry and highlighting such core ideas as life education and humanistic care, the forum discussed
the construction of health service and life service system for the elder in line with the requirements of the era. In
September 2021, Fu Shou Yuan held the Hospice Care Skill Training Workshop (Session 1), aiming to impart basic
knowledge of hospice care, teach basic skills of hospice care workers and share some practical experience and
cases of hospice care. The training is expected to build and improve the service list, service standard and
evaluation system of hospice care workers, train the practical skills of participants in hospice care service in
organization and at home, improve the care quality and life quality of the elderly, contribute the strength of business
circles to the development of the whole hospice care cause.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    In addition, the Group enters universities to bring the death care service industry to a wider public, which promotes
    the in-depth industry-university-research cooperation of Life-Service Academy of Fu Shou Yuan and makes a solid
    progress in the construction of professional education system. At the invitation of HKU SPACE, Fu Shou Yuan
    shared a particular program titled “Introduction to Modern Death Care” to trainees of HKU SPACE in November
    2021. The life education team of Fu Shou Yuan also entered Peking University to launch special life education
    experience activities to deepen students’ understanding about the industry. In the same month, “I can’t stop
    missing, see you on the cloud — Fu Shou Yuan Innovative Memorial Service on the Cloud” applied by Fu Shou
    Yuan was selected as an outstanding case and honored of China Funeral Vocational Education Group. In the future,
    the Group will further cooperate with China Funeral Vocational Education Group, deepen cooperation between
    school and enterprise, actively make concerted efforts in the construction of life culture education system, share
    industrial vocational information resources, enrich the exchange platform of production, education and research,
    and jointly promote funeral vocational education.

    The Group has been prioritizing eco-environmental progress, pursuing green development, strengthening the
    sustainable development capacity and promoting the environmental upgrading of traditional industries. In April
    2021, the inauguration ceremony of the “Crystal Garden”, the supermicro land occupation park completed by Fu
    Shou Yuan during the Qingming Festival, was held in Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Humanism Memorial Park. The
    “Crystal Garden” abandons the pattern of traditional land-saving burial and adopts the style and design that
    incorporates both land-saving effect and aesthetics, which fully manifests the humanistic care of Fu Shou Yuan. In
    July 2021, Fu Shou Yuan’s eco-friendly cremator passed the quality review of cremator technical test project of
    Shanghai Yi Shan Funeral Parlor. Experts believed that the overall operation of Fu Shou Yuan JS-3 cremator is
    stable and reliable, meeting the leading standard in China, and certain technologies of the cremator are the first of
    its kind in China, which meet the requirements of green development and play as an important role in demonstrating
    and guiding the upgrade and transformation of high-quality cremators across China. On top of that, Fu Shou Yuan
    will advance the development and manufacturing of green equipment and promote the practices of high-quality
    death care service and environmental protection. In August 2021, Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited selected Fu
    Shou Yuan as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, which fully reflected
    that Fu Shou Yuan has been making unremitting efforts to achieve sustainable development in operation and
    growth, environment, safety and health and corporate governance. For its great contribution to environmental
    protection and sustainable development, Fu Shou Yuan won the “Award for Contributions to Sustainable
    Development 2021” in the 4th Social Responsibility Conference in November 2021 and the “Best Sustainability
    Award” at the Award Ceremony for Best Listed Companies in Greater China 2021.

    While achieving growth and development, Fu Shou Yuan has been actively fulfilling the social responsibilities of
    delivering humanistic care and promoting charity, environmental protection and public welfare undertakings, and
    earns high recognition from the public for its commitment to public welfare and charity undertakings. During the
    pandemic, branches of Fu Shou Yuan not only cooperated with the government to implement epidemic control
    measures, but also worked with streets, communities and elderly caring service organizations to provide elders who
    lived by basic living allowances, were at advanced age or lived alone with voluntary services that met their needs. In
    August 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Development Foundation (“Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare
    Foundation”) officially settled in Shanghai Xintiandi of Charity and Voluntary Services, aiming to provide professional
    funding and standard training for community-based social organizations, to enhance their local service and
    volunteer operation capacity and to develop hospice care volunteer services and build life care communities
    through the strategy of promoting the standard “point-surface-net” project. In December 2021, Fu Shou Yuan
    Public Welfare Foundation launched a “program to support veterans of the Anti-Japanese War” and a “plan to
    subsidize heroes who fought against the United States and assisted Korea”, being committed to helping those who
    are unable to take care of themselves in their later years and paying tribute to their contributions to national
    independence and liberation.



6      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

As a leader in China’s death care service industry, Fu Shou Yuan has been committed to public welfare
undertakings while continuously providing high-quality services to improve people’s livelihood, and it regards death
care services as an important cornerstone of ensuring people’s wellbeing, building a harmonious society and
promoting enhanced adjustment to bereavement and loss at the end-of-life. For its 27-year devotion to public
welfare undertakings, Fu Shou Yuan is highly recognized in and outside the industry and has won numerous honors.
In April 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan and Fu Shou Yuan Harbor Cemetery won the title of 20th “Civilized Units in
Shanghai”. Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan has won this honor for 11 consecutive times and Fu Shou Yuan Harbor
Cemetery has won this honor for 6 consecutive times, which marks that the construction of spiritual civilization has
reached a new level. In the same month, the Group won the 4th Outstanding IR “Best ESG” Award, which fully
demonstrated that the society highly recognized the Group’s contribution. In July 2021, the Group won the “2021
Outstanding Brand Image Award” at the 10th China Finance Summit (CFS) for its brand building and cultural
innovation since its establishment 27 years ago. In September 2021, Fu Shou Yuan won unanimous praise of the
judging panel by its enterprise culture concept “new culture, new service, new education, new ecology and new
governance” and won the winning prize of Shanghai excellent enterprise culture achievements. In December 2021,
Fu Shou Yuan won the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company” Award at the Award Ceremony for Golden
Kylin Best Companies Listed in Hong Kong and the US for its outstanding performance in promoting and
advocating carbon neutrality projects, public welfare funds and charitable donations in the industry. In January
2022, Fu Shou Yuan was honored as “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company” at the 6th Golden Hong Kong
Stock Awards Ceremony, which highlighted the attention and recognition of the industry and investors and was a
great encouragement and affirmation to Fu Shou Yuan. In the same month, the Group won the “Award of Socially
Responsible Listed Company” at the 11th China Charity Festival for its outstanding performance in fulfilling
corporate social responsibility.

Looking back, the Group has been adhering faithfully to the original aspiration of “running a good enterprise and
changing the entire industry”, actively pursuing breakthroughs in developing products and services, continuously
enriching the content, improving the plans and raising the standard. Going forward, Fu Shou Yuan will stick to the
starting point of providing high-quality life services, make efforts to fulfill corporate, social, industry, historic and
public responsibilities, build a caring and warm life service system and create new culture in the industry to promote
the industry reform and the progress of social civilization, to create greater values for shareholders and to help
people pursue a better life.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    MARKET OVERVIEW

    China advances into a moderately prosperous society in all respects, reaching a new historical starting point.
    Promoting people’s well-being to a new level and continuously enhancing people’s sense of satisfaction, happiness
    and security will be the key goals of China’s future development in people’s livelihood.

    The total population of China kept growing in 2021, while population aging further intensified and the level of
    urbanization advanced steadily. According to the documents published by the National Bureau of Statistics of
    China, the number of people aged 60 and above in Mainland China reached 267.36 million at the end of 2021,
    accounting for 18.9% of the total population. The number increased by 3.29 million compared to the end of 2020,
    representing a rise of 0.2 percentage point in its proportion to the overall population, suggesting a further intensified
    aging trend. As of the end of 2021, China’s resident population in urban areas reached 914.25 million, representing
    an increase of 12.05 million compared to the end of 2020, while the urbanization rate of China’s resident population
    in urban areas was 64.72%, representing an increase by 0.83 percentage point compared with the end of 2020.
    During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the population born in the second birth peak in the 1960s will successively
    enter old age, resulting in a sharp increase in China’s aging population. In terms of population distribution, the
    urbanization rate of China’s resident population maintains a rapid growth trend, which may exceed 65% during the
    14th Five-Year Plan period. The aging population trend and the acceleration of the new urbanization process will
    give rise to a massive demand for death care services in the market.

    In June 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the 14th Five-Year Plan on the Development of Civil Affairs
    (《「十四五」民政事業發展規劃》) (the “Plan”), which will further improve the public death care service system, fully
    establish a basic death care service protection system, properly fulfill the government’s responsibility on providing
    basic death care services to the urban and rural residents in difficulties, and improve the government’s ability to
    provide basic death care services. The Plan will further accelerate the reinforcement of weaknesses in the death
    care service facilities and practically improve the standard of governance in the death care service sector, while
    further standardizing and strengthening the management of death care services, strengthening the public welfare
    attributes of death care service providers, standardizing the business conduct of death care intermediaries and
    service providers, and establishing a sound and comprehensive regulatory mechanism. Besides, the Regulations on
    Funeral and Interment Control (《殯葬管理條例》) has been included in the legislative work plan of the Ministry of Civil
    Affairs and its revision is being actively promoted. The revision of the Regulations on Funeral and Interment Control
    will deepen the death care reform, improve the death care service system, and help rectify the chaos in the industry.
    In order to address the hot and difficult issues of public and social concern, it further standardizes death care
    behaviors, strengthens death care management for legal protection, promotes the market-oriented and
    standardized development of the industry, and ultimately achieves the long-term healthy growth of the death care
    service industry in the PRC. The Group expects there will be a higher entry barrier for both new and existing
    participants in the death care service industry. As a distinguished death care service provider and a leader of the
    industry in China, we have always been at the forefront of the industry in terms of compliance with the law, and we
    believe the regulation will create a better environment with fair competition and adequate room for sustainable
    development. We will continue our efforts in directing the development of the industry and better serve the general
    public through our services that meet both of their intellectual and cultural needs.




8      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

At the same time, the “Decentralization-Control-Service” reform is also being steadily implemented. In June 2021,
the State Council issued the Notice Regarding Deepening the Reform of Separation of Permits and Business
Licenses and Further Increasing the Development Vitality of Market Participants (《關於深化「證照分離」改革進一步
激發市場主體發展活力的通知》), which coordinates the overall advancement of the administrative approval system
reform and the commercial system reform, promotes post-business license reduction of permits and simplification
of approval in a wider range and more industries, so as to further optimize the business environment and stimulate
the development vitality of market participants. The approval authority of operating cemeteries will be delegated
from the provincial civil affairs department to the municipal civil affairs department in the district, and the municipal
civil affairs department in the district will report the results of the approval to the provincial civil affairs department
for filing. In July, the General Office of the State Council issued the Plan for Division of Key Tasks of the
Teleconference on Deepening the “Decentralization-Control-Service” Reform and Cultivating and Stimulating Vitality
of Market Participants Nationwide (《全國深化「放管服」改革著力培育和激發市場主體活力電視電話會議重點任務分
工方案》), which responds to the needs of the market participants by innovating and implementing macro policies
and deepening the “Decentralization-Control-Service” reform in an effort to create a market-oriented and legalized
business environment. The content and specific measures of the “Decentralization- Control-Service” reform will be
beneficial for the Group to make more positive contributions to the death care service business.

With regards to scientific funeral and burial, In December 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued The 14th Five-
Year Plan on the Development of the Digitalization of Civil Affairs (《
                                                                     「十四五」民政資訊化發展規劃》), which serves as
a proactive effort to establish a nationwide digitalized platform for death care management services, to build a
fundamental national database for digitalized death care information, and to improve the digitalized standards of
death care management services. Promoting the integration of the internet and death care services and developing
new service modes of such as remote funerals and online worshipping, it aims to provide more convenient death
care services for the public. In the same month, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued Specifications for Online
Worshipping Services (《 網 路 祭 祀 服 務 規 範》), which sets out the basic requirements for providing online
worshipping services, service procedure, and standards for online memorial halls and its evaluation and
improvement.

As the economic development of the PRC enters a new era, people’s demands are gradually moving from
“availability” to “quality”. In the death care service sector, given the increasing disposable income per capita,
government’s vigorous promotion of traditional Chinese culture and virtues, accelerating urbanization progress and
an aging population in the PRC in recent years, these trends not only underlie the increase in overall demand for
death care services, but also demonstrate the requirements for better death service quality and the diversification
and differentiation of the substance of death care services. With the publication of demographic statistics from the
7th population census, the death care industry is gradually incorporated into the coordination, development, and
planning of the entire elderly service industry to facilitate the development of each “elderly” service industry in a
coordinated manner. In addition, a multilayered social service security system, led by the government with
contribution from the society, has been established to stimulate market entities to direct social energy towards
livelihood service security in an orderly manner, thereby proactively advancing the structural reform of the supply
side of death care services. It secures the basic livelihood requirements and satisfies the demand for multilayered
and diversified death care services at the same time. These driving factors are set to boost the in-depth and stable
development of the death care industry in the PRC.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021           9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     BUSINESS COMMENTARY

     During the Year, the PRC witnessed a sustained and steady economic recovery and a further improvement in
     operation quality thanks to its effective anti-epidemic efforts. Based on the stable external economic environment,
     the Group, as always, also continued to consolidate and explore our brand value, devote sustained efforts in the
     landscaping, funeral facilities and cultural setting of existing cemeteries, improve service quality, and offer
     innovative, diversified and differentiated services and products, continuously optimizing the allocation of resources
     in respect of our business structure, products and services, and sales channels, among others.

     In relation to cemeteries and funeral facilities, we adhere to the concept of transforming cemeteries into humanity
     parks and life parks. On one hand, we continued to optimize our product structure, increasing the proportion of
     land-saving products and artistic cemeteries while lowering that of traditional cemeteries, and explored innovative
     burial rites actively such as gemstone burial, dimensional space burial and different types of ecological burial, so as
     to keep promoting the effectiveness of land utilization. On the other hand, we made constant renovations,
     enhancing the application of new materials, new technologies and new techniques in the construction of cemetery
     environment and product layout. At the same time, we continued to improve and enrich the contents and functions
     of cloud memorial products, and launched digitalized funeral and other digitalized services, further promoting the
     transformation of physical cemeteries into digitalized cemeteries, bringing greater vitality and inspiration to
     traditional cemetery products and services. While improving the cemetery environment, we continued to seamlessly
     implant ecological awareness, embed humanity elements, produce a historic atmosphere, and utilize technology for
     empowering, bringing greater vitality and inspiration to traditional cemeteries and creating an atmosphere of
     beautiful environment, glorifying culture and harmonious ecosystem. In addition, we actively implemented various
     public welfare activities represented by the “cloud public memorial service”, further assuming its social
     responsibilities.

     In relation to the funeral services business, we have enhanced the promotion of services regarding the remains,
     further promoted cosmetic services, body SPA services, explored the market of door-to-door services in rural areas,
     and facilitated the business of door-to-door service, so as to meet the differentiated and diversified needs of
     different customer groups. At the same time, we achieved full coverage of centralized procurement of supplies and
     actively implemented a cultural and creative product strategy. Through cultural and brand empowering of traditional
     funeral equipment, we successfully pushed forward the transformation from “practical products” to “cultural and
     creative products”. Our innovative return gift set and “Fu Shou Language of Flowers”, a cultural and creative flower
     project, instilled civilized tomb-sweeping with additional cultural elements and improved customers’ consumption
     experience and satisfaction.




10      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, against the backdrop of regular epidemic prevention and control, we continued to establish and
complete the series of online products. Firstly, we optimized and enhanced cloud memorial services, adding
functions with more interactivities such as life story, life microfilms, ritual live, etc. on the foundation of existing
online obituary and online album services, while implementing online services for the park by connecting the
business system. Secondly, during the Qingming holiday, we launched immersive digitalized funereal services for
the first time with the aid of audio-visual equipment, technologies of the internet and the internet of things,
conducted the first immersive funereal in China, and continued to complete and optimize services, adding
Scenario-based management, multi-device linkage and holographic projection equipment on the base of achieving
online-offline connection and human-computer interaction, to restoring a holographic image through “Virtualized
human technology”, replicating voices of the deceased through technical means, and communicating with family
and friends on the scene across time and space, thus presenting the first funereal crossing time and space in the
digitalized universe in China. Thirdly, innovating products and empowering with technology, we launched online 3D
virtual memorial hall product, digitalized the possessions of the deceased and conducted a limited premiere online
through NFT. By combining traditional culture and modern ceremony and empowering with technology, we
effectively pushed forward the transition of funereal and mourning ritual from traditional material level to a deeper
spiritual level. In December 2021, on the STIF International Sci-tech innovation festival and Global Digital
Conference in Tianjin, Shanghai Fu Shou Yun Life Information Technology Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, was
awarded the “Exemplary Digitalized Innovation Award 2021” for its innovative “Fu Shou Cloud” online tomb
sweeping service launched during the epidemic and its exploration and innovation in the field of “Death Care plus
Internet”.

As an important strategic pivot of the Group, the pre-need contract service helps the Group to lock in customers
earlier and brings a stable customer base to the funeral and cemetery segments. In the context of an aging society,
pre-life contract services attract more customers wishing to make or already made their afterlife plans, as well as
gaining conformation, support and service order from Government at all levels and elderly service Institutions.
During the Year, the pre-need contract business has kept growing rapidly with a total of 13,764 signed contracts,
representing an increase of 133.1% over last year. As of the end of 2021, the service scope of pre-need contract
had covered 35 cities in 17 provincial regions. In the present, pre-need contract products have been introduced into
the product service catalogues of multiple elderly care institutions. At the same time, we continued to communicate
with insurance, trust and other business institutions, in hopes of expanding diversified sales channels, designing
and constructing a dialogue context and promotion method for communicating with customers about pre-need
contracts on non-funereal scenarios. In addition, pre-need contract began an attempt to expand horizontally during
the Year. Through the export of our business model, we will integrate more funeral service providers to create a
larger and denser network of services to serve the public more quickly and extensively.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     The Group’s eco-friendly cremation machine business integrates R&D, design, in-house production, comprehensive
     support and after-sales service to produce smart and eco-friendly cremation equipment and exhaust gas
     purification treatment systems. In July 2021, the Shanghai Funeral and Interment Service Center organized the Kick-
     off Meeting for Shanghai Green Cremator Version 1.0 Upgrade and Renovation and Promotion Meeting for
     Shanghai Green Burial Work (上海綠色環保型火化機1.0版升級改造工作啟動會暨上海綠色殯葬工作推進會). The
     meeting issued the corporate standard of Technical Quality and Operation and Maintenance Service Specifications
     for Green Cremation Machine (《綠色環保型火化機技術品質和運行維護服務規範》). The Group’s JS-3 green cremator
     passed the project quality assessment with technical standards such as efficient operation, emission compliance
     and stable performance. The expert task force gave full recognition to the cremator innovation work carried out by
     Fu Shou Yuan in terms of a stable corpse feeding system, innovative furnace chamber structure, high temperature
     combustion system, super clean exhaust gas system and intelligent control system. It believes that the overall
     operation of Fu Shou Yuan JS-3 cremator is stable and reliable, meeting the leading standard in the PRC, and
     certain technologies of which are the first of its kind in the PRC, which meet the requirements of green development
     and play as an important role in demonstrating and guiding the upgrade and transformation of high-quality
     cremators in Shanghai and even across China. At the same time, to continue improving performances of the
     “Jiesheng” cremator series, we have initiated collaborated research with Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Tongji
     University respectively, introducing big data artificial intelligence and fuzzy control technology, gradually achieving
     automation of the entire cremating process in the unmanned Crematorium. This is expected to decrease average
     energy consumption by 50% compared with the last generation of product, reduce 30% of average time used
     cremating 500 remains, and multiply the trouble-free execution time of the automatic pre-furnace carcass feed
     system by 5 times. On the other hand, as a part of our effort to expand the market, we entered into a sales
     cooperation agreement with a local partner in Russia for several cremators, exhaust system and ancillary
     equipment, which made “Jiesheng” products rush out of China and go global. In the future, the development of the
     Group will focus on its target markets. The Group will further invest in R&D through establishing a long-time stable
     collaborative relationship with universities and research institutions, increase promotion investments in the eco-
     friendly cremator market, continue refining production quality and service system construction and optimizing
     product costs, adhere to eco-friendly concepts, and maintain a leading position in technology in the market.




12      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In relation to the expansion of our cemetery and funeral business, the Group continued to seek replicable models by
adopting the principle of resource integration and pursuit of high-quality development as well as innovative drivers
of mixed reform projects and cooperative projects. In June 2021, the Group completed the signing of the project of
the humanities memorial park in Dalian Bay, Dalian City, which is another strategic location in the northeastern
region with great geographical advantage for the Group. In August 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100% of
the equity interest in Anhui Longmen Cultural Cemetery Co., Ltd., thus establishing a distribution network in Hefei,
Xuancheng, Huabei, Chaohu, Fuyang, Lu’an and Suzhou in the Anhui region. In October 2021, we signed a contract
to acquire 30% of the equity interest in Zhuolu Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development Management Company
Ltd.* (涿鹿隆暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司) (“Zhuolu Company”) in Hebei Province. Zhuolu Company is located
at the border of Beijing and Zhangjiakou in Hebei, which makes this acquisition a substantial step forward for the
Group to enter further into the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. The transaction will further expand the service space for
this region and gradually build the brand of Fu Shou Yuan in the Hebei and Beijing region. In December 2021, we
completed the acquisition of 90% of the equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan Cemetery Management Co.,Ltd.* (菏澤福
祿 源 公 墓 管 理 有 限 公 司) (“Heze Fuluyuan”) in Shandong. Meanwhile, the Group’s expansion plans into major
provinces and provincial capitals across China and the acquisition or partnership of various target companies and
projects in other regions are also being actively pursued. With regards to some regional key projects, the Group will
strengthen its cooperation with government platform companies and continue to try out a strategic investment
pattern of diversified participation and collaborative development, so as to strike a balance between intrinsic value
and market value and steadily realize the Group’s strategic vision. As at the date of this announcement, our footprint
covers over 40 cities in 19 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities in the PRC, including Shanghai,
Henan, Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Liaoning, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Guangxi,
Beijing, Guizhou, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Hubei and Hebei. We have enhanced the post-investment management of
our projects and set up a special team to strengthen the systematic management and control on post-investment
projects, based on the criteria of “idea oriented”, “standards oriented” and “management oriented” as well as the
expected outcome of the projects, allowing the new investment projects to achieve the investment plan, cultural
implantation and control expectations promptly, thus contributing to its steady and high-quality development.

During the Year, we continued to strengthen team building, improve operational structure, advance the
standardization of business processes and enhance systematic construction. We will continue to enhance our
comprehensive budget management and internal control and promote the optimization of financial structure.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Employees are our most valuable resource. Adhering to Fu Shou Yuan’s business philosophy, our employees
     endeavor to cultivate their personal abilities and expand their international visions, striving to provide the best
     quality products and services to our customers. The Group consistently attaches great importance to the
     development of our talents and team building, endeavors to instill a spirit that values hard workers and
     entrepreneurs, continuously sparks employees’ initiative, eagerness and creativity, encourage employees to engage
     in regular education and promote the “craftsmanship’s spirit” to pursue excellence. During the Year, the Group
     introduced in external professional consultancy forces to conduct strategy and management reform, optimized the
     two-wheel drive organization construction with a customer and product orientation, and established a management
     and professional dual-channel ranking system, implemented a performance appraisal system led by value targets,
     customer targets, management targets, social targets and staff targets. We conducted a job matching survey for the
     entire Group’s directly managed cadres, posted temporary cadres and reserve cadres, carried out a systematic
     career life design, established the “top-class employee system”, and enriched the award and incentive systems for
     employees. At the same time, the Group’s Life Service Academy furthered the positive advancements in policy
     research, education training, domestic and international industry exchanges, etc. During the Year, Life Service
     Academy strengthened theoretical research on industry development policies, explored and collaborated with the
     School of Social Sciences of Shanghai University to co-organize the Hospice Social Worker Skills Pre-Service
     Training, and hosted a funeral themed online networking session with Worsham College in the USA. We also
     organized and participated in various skills competitions in the industry, conducted middle and senior management
     personnel training, professional skills training for talents and other various training courses and seminars. We
     promoted the overall education and training work, providing human resources and intellectual support for the
     Group’s development and offering solutions and support in decision making for new situations and new issues that
     arise during the Group’s development.




14      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Group continued to uphold our “people-oriented and culture-rooted” philosophy, providing livelihood services,
leading life education, promoting ecological culture, and keeping the memory of cities. There were around 61,000
relevant media reports during the Year, an increase of 157% than those of last year. The Group’s WeChat official
account “Fu Shou Yuan Humanities” posted 212 pieces, reaching a total of 1.17 million viewers, which is a 220%
increase compared with last year, realizing the export of Fu Shou Yuan ‘s corporate culture and philosophical values
in a media branding approach. The public recognized the industry-leading position of Fu Shou Yuan, thumbing up
the brand “Public Welfare Contract” (公益契約), organ donation charity wedding, Ching Ming Memorial Ceremony,
Cloud Memorial, 3rd Peking University Ching Ming Forum, the Series Reports of the “top-class employee”, the first
‘carbon neutral’ project promotion in the industry, etc. In terms of red culture dissemination, in June 2021, the
Humanities Memorial Park of Fu Shou Yuan was included in the list of 100 immovable revolutionary cultural relics in
Shanghai. In July, Fu Shou Yuan’s grass-roots party building was selected as an example in The Story of Grass-
roots Party Building Published by the PRC Central Party School Press, dedicating to the 100th anniversary of the
founding of the Communist Party. At the same time, the Humanities Memorial Museum of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan
co-organized the 2021 “Sages and Shanghai’s Urban Memory” (先賢與上海城市記憶) forum, creating an in-depth,
quality and storytelling public lecture on the party’s history. In terms of the communication of public spirit, when a
historic flood wreaked havoc on Zhengzhou City of Henan Province in July, Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare
Foundation immediately deployed human resources, supplies and financial resources and worked with the local
companies under the Group to send condolences, donate supplies and provide support to the units critically
affected by the disaster. In August 2021, Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Foundation passed the evaluation and was
reviewed and approved by Shanghai Administration of Civil Affairs and settled in the landmark of Shanghai Public
Affairs — Xintiandi Charity Park. On the day of winter garments in November 2021, Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare
Foundation donated epidemic prevention supplies and elderly assistance equipment to Xiamen Social Welfare
Center, the city’s aid stations and 24 non-profit elderly care institutions, passing on the filial piety of the Chinese
nation through practical actions and sending warmth and care to the elderly in autumn. In the same month, Fu Shou
Yuan Public Welfare Foundation collaborated with Tencent Charitable Foundation and Shenzhen Long Yue Charity
Foundation and made matching donations for the first round of funding of “Retirement Project for the veterans in the
resistance wars” and “Tribute monetary gift plan to the heroes of the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea”.
Throughout the Year, Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Foundation launched a number of widely regarded themed
public welfare projects in the areas of poverty alleviation, hospice care, and praise and commendations, further
strengthening the Foundation’s social functions. In terms of the innovative culture communication, the memorial
ceremony event for the famous director Pang Xiaolian, planned and promoted by Fu Shou Yuan, was the first
digitalized ritual burial and memorial service in the industry, which gained 110 million views on relevant Weibo
topics. The digitalized funeral later planned and arranged for Wu Mengchao Academician gained broader attention,
which represented Fu Shou Yuan’s strategic direction of digitalized development and fulfilling a broader extent of
spiritual and cultural requirements.

In addition, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan and Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour Co., Ltd. (宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司)
have commenced a carbon neutrality project on a voluntary basis, achieving “carbon neutrality” in nominal terms
and receiving the official certificates for the carbon neutrality project during the Year. The Group has become the
first business conglomerate in China’s death care industry to promote the carbon neutral business and put it into
practice.

In view of the above, we registered a considerable growth during the Year. The Group’s total revenue reached
RMB2,325.8 million, representing an increase of 22.9% as compared to that of last year. Profit and comprehensive
income attributable to the owners of the Company amounted to RMB720.0 million, representing an increase of
approximately 16.1% as compared to that of last year.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     REVENUE

     During the Year, our revenue increased by approximately RMB433.3 million or 22.9% to RMB2,325.8 million from
     RMB1,892.5 million of Last Year. We derive our revenue primarily from three business segments: burial services,
     funeral services and other services. The following table sets forth our revenue by segment for the Year:

                                                                 2021                                2020
                                                        Revenue                             Revenue
                                                                        % of Total                              % of Total
                                                      (RMB’000)          Revenue          (RMB’000)              Revenue

     Burial services                                   1,907,676              82.0%        1,579,143               83.4%
     Funeral services                                    331,970              14.3%          252,938               13.4%
     Other services                                      104,669               4.5%           84,072                4.4%
     Inter-segment elimination                            (18,467)            (0.8%)         (23,616)               (1.2%)


     Total                                             2,325,848          100.0%           1,892,537              100.0%


     Burial Services

     The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue from burial services, including revenue from the sale of
     burial plots services and other burial services, for the Year:

                                                                 2021                                2020
                                                           No. of                              No. of
                                                     burial plots        Revenue          burial plots           Revenue
                                                                        (RMB’000)                               (RMB’000)

     Sale of burial plot services
     Ordinary business plots                              15,129        1,676,145             13,083            1,408,456
     Public welfare plots and
       tomb relocation                                      9,547             50,279           1,310               23,281


                                                          24,676        1,726,424             14,393            1,431,737


     Other burial services                                                181,252                                 147,406


     Total revenue from burial services                   24,676        1,907,676             14,393            1,579,143




16      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose increased by
approximately RMB267.7 million or 19.0% as compared to Last Year. Sales volume recovered and increased by
2,046 or approximately 15.6%, while ASP increased by 2.9%. The following table sets forth the breakdown of
revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose from our new (i.e. those related to
acquisitions/new construction) and comparable cemeteries during the Year:

                                                             2021                                    2020
                                                       No. of                                  No. of
                                                 burial plots           Revenue           burial plots          Revenue
                                                                      (RMB’000)                               (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plots services for
    ordinary business purpose, from:
Comparable cemeteries*                                12,746           1,548,525              12,185           1,363,429
Cemeteries related to acquisitions/new
    construction                                        2,383            127,620                 898              45,027


Total revenue from sale of burial
    plots services for ordinary
    business purpose                                  15,129           1,676,145              13,083           1,408,456


*      Comparable cemeteries refer to those cemeteries which were in operation for the entire period from January 1, 2020 to
       December 31, 2021.


During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in comparable cemeteries
increased by RMB185.1 million or 13.6% as compared to Last Year. Its sales volume recovered from COVID-19
outbreak impact and increased by 561 or 4.6% and the ASP increased by 8.6% due to the combined effect of
products mix, contributions from various cemeteries and the increased market recognition, etc.

Revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in newly acquired or newly developed
cemeteries increased by RMB82.6 million, mainly due to the contribution from Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery
acquired in August 2020. The ASP of burial plots sold for ordinary business purpose in the new cemeteries was
lower than that of comparable cemeteries, as the cemeteries are located at different regions and these new
cemeteries need time to improve their landscape, enhance the services, strengthen their team and upgrade the
operation gradually, in order to provide high quality services to their customers and to increase the return of the
Group. We formulated a systematic operation improvement plan for these new projects to ensure the achievement
of the above goals. Leveraging on our advanced philosophy, extensive management experience in death care
business and a strong team of professionals, those new cemeteries are expected to achieve profitable growth in the
future.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021           17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Funeral Services

     The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new
     construction) and old (i.e. comparable facilities) funeral facilities during the Year:

                                                                     2021                                      2020
                                                              No. of                                     No. of
                                                        customers               Revenue             customers              Revenue
                                                                              (RMB’000)                                  (RMB’000)

     Funeral services, from:
         Comparable facilities*                               54,468             298,476                43,782              240,652
         Facilities related to new
           acquisitions or new construction                    9,814               33,494                 3,609              12,286


     Total revenue from funeral services                      64,282             331,970                47,391              252,938


     *     Comparable facilities refer to those funeral facilities which were in operation for the entire period from January 1, 2020 to
           December 31, 2021.


     During the Year, revenue from funeral services increased by RMB79.0 million or 31.2%. In particular, the volume of
     funeral services increased by 16,891 households or 35.6%, while ASP reduced by RMB170 or 3.2%, mainly due to
     the combined effects of services mix, location mix and etc.

     Revenue from comparable funeral facilities and services increased by RMB57.8 million or 24.0%. Its volume of
     services bounced back from COVID-19 outbreak impact and increased by 10,686 households or 24.4%, while ASP
     decreased slightly by approximately 0.3% or RMB17 as compared to Last Year. Revenue from new funeral facilities
     was mainly contributed by Jinsha Fuze Cemetery acquired by the Group in June 2020. ASP of new funeral facilities
     was lower than that of the comparable funeral facilities, mainly due to different funeral services mix i.e. Jinsha Fuze
     Cemetery was primarily engaged in the provision of funeral catering services which recorded a slightly lower ASP
     compared to other value-added services.




18       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Geographic Information

Our cemeteries and funeral facilities under operation are strategically located in major cities across 16 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue from
burial services and funeral services by region during the Year:

                                                          2021                                2020
                                                        Revenue                             Revenue
                                                                  % of Total                           % of Total
                                               (RMB’000)           Revenue          (RMB’000)            Revenue

Shanghai                                            997,379          44.5%             860,062             46.9%
Henan                                               124,785            5.6%            122,959              6.7%
Chongqing                                            91,423            4.1%             76,967              4.2%
Anhui                                               213,450            9.5%            177,233              9.7%
Shandong                                             98,855            4.4%             94,232              5.1%
Liaoning                                            191,793            8.5%            153,949              8.4%
Jiangxi                                             122,731            5.5%             93,764              5.1%
Fujian                                               48,821            2.2%             37,983              2.1%
Zhejiang                                             43,793            2.0%             36,117              2.0%
Jiangsu                                             111,443            5.0%             81,212              4.4%
Guangxi                                              19,210            0.9%             17,975              1.0%
Inner Mongolia                                       17,600            0.8%             15,569              0.9%
Guizhou                                              52,387            2.3%             32,234              1.8%
Hubei                                                  801             0.0%                719              0.0%
Heilongjiang                                         88,951            4.0%             30,498              1.7%
Gansu                                                16,224            0.7%                608              0.0%


Total                                           2,239,646           100.0%           1,832,081            100.0%


During the Year, revenue in all regions increased due to the recovery from the impact of COVID-19 outbreak and the
newly acquired cemeteries and funeral facilities.

Other Services

Revenue from other services for the Year mainly represented the revenue of approximately RMB40.1 million
generated from construction service of funeral parlours under the franchise agreements, the revenue of
approximately RMB36.3 million generated from our professional design services offered to cemeteries and funeral
parlours throughout the nation, and revenue from the sale of cremation machines and other related services of
approximately RMB28.3 million.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021         19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     OPERATING EXPENDITURE

     The Group’s operating expenditure, which accounted for approximately 52.9% of our total revenue for the Year
     (Last Year: 51.0%), increased by approximately RMB266.7 million or 27.7%. The increase in operating expenditure
     was in line with the revenue growth and the development of the business. Meanwhile, the Group continued to
     optimize the resource allocation in order to best meet the development needs and achieve a cost-effective
     operation.

     The staff costs include staff salaries, bonuses, benefits and amortization of share option costs. During the Year, the
     staff costs increased by approximately RMB83.8 million or 21.7%. Such increase was mainly attributable to the
     combined effects of the return of staff salaries to normal level in the post-pandemic era, the discontinuation of
     various social security concessions in the Year and newly acquired entities, such as Jinsha Fuze Cemetery, Harbin
     Mingxiyuan Cemetery and Anhui Longmen Cemetery, etc.

     The construction costs relate mainly to the expenditures in building burial plot products (excluding stone materials)
     and constructing facilities under the franchise agreements. During the Year, the product construction costs
     increased by approximately RMB90.9 million or 118.8%, mainly because construction of burial plot products in
     many locations resumed in the post-pandemic era in order to replenish the inventories to meet the market
     demands, and the construction cost of funeral parlours under the franchise agreements amounted to RMB40.1
     million.

     Consumed materials and goods represent materials and goods consumed when we provide burial, funeral and
     other services. They also include the materials and goods consumed when we build burial plots and cremation
     machines. During the Year, the consumed materials and goods increased by approximately RMB28.4 million or
     19.1%, mainly due to the related business growth and newly acquired entities.

     Marketing and sales channel costs mainly include advertising costs, marketing costs, and sales commission. During
     the Year, the marketing and sales channel costs increased by approximately RMB7.9 million or 21.9%. Such
     increase was in line with the revenue growth. In particular, more sales activities were allowed to be conducted in the
     post-pandemic era and there were new acquired or established companies.

     Depreciation and amortisation increased by approximately RMB10.0 million or 7.3%, mainly due to the
     commencement of operation of certain new cemeteries and funeral facilities starting from Last Year.

     Other general operating expenditures increased by approximately RMB64.2 million or 48.2%. The increase is mainly
     attributable to (i) the enhanced investments in the research and development of technology and products of our
     strategic segments. (ii) the appointment of an experienced external professional consultancy firm to conduct
     systematic rationalization and improvement in relation to our future development strategy, and (iii) the expanded
     scale of business and operation of new burial and funeral facilities.




20       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING PROFIT AND OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing change of revenue and operating expenditure, during the Year, our operating profit
increased by approximately RMB166.6 million or 18.0% compared to Last Year. The following table sets forth a
breakdown of our operating profit and operating profit margin by segment for the Year:

                                                            2021                                   2020
                                                 Operating            Operating          Operating           Operating
                                                      Profit       Profit Margin              Profit      Profit Margin
                                                 (RMB’000)                               (RMB’000)

Burial services                                   1,058,903              55.5%             901,055              57.1%
Funeral services                                     49,596              14.9%              28,006              11.1%
Other services                                      (18,240)             (17.4%)              3,321               4.0%
Inter-segment elimination                             4,219              (22.8%)             (4,479)            19.0%


Total                                             1,094,478              47.1%             927,903              49.0%


During the Year, the operating profit margin of burial services decreased to 55.5% from 57.1% for Last Year. The
decline was mainly attributable to the combined effect of (i) location mix, in particular, the developing cemetery
entities contributed more revenue year by year while their operation profit margins were relatively lower compared to
those of mature entities; (ii) the amount of revenue from public welfare plots and tomb relocation increased
substantially, which diluted the profit margin, (iii) certain cost items, like staff costs, resumed normal level after the
pandemic outbreak last year; and (iv) more investments were made during the Year in all levels of training and
introduction of high level personnel.

Funeral services were affected by the COVID-19 outbreak Last Year and certain value-added services and products
were unable to be provided in line with social restriction requirements. During the Year, value-added services
resumed gradually and this led to an increase in the operating profit margin of funeral services segment to 14.9%.

During the Year, other services segment recorded an operating loss of RMB18.2 million, mainly arising from the
enhanced investments in the research and development of technology and products of cremation machines and Fu
Shou Cloud, which are our strategic segments. We are optimistic about the future of the business on our
environmental-friendly cremation machines under the back-drop of tightening of the rules and regulations on
environmental protection by the government. Fu Shou Cloud focuses on the application of technology in combined
death care and “Internet +” services, which is an important direction of the future development of the Group.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB1.8 million on bank loans (Last Year: RMB2.6
million), interest expenses of RMB1.5 million (Last Year: RMB2.8 million) on loans from non-controlling shareholders
of certain subsidiaries, and interest expenses on lease liabilities and other long-term liabilities of RMB4.0 million
(Last Year: RMB4.2 million).




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021          21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Interest expenses on loans from non-controlling shareholders represent the interest expenses of loans borrowed by
     certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries from their non- controlling shareholders. These subsidiaries were jointly
     invested by the Group and those non-controlling shareholders. In addition to the registered capital, our Group and
     such non-controlling shareholders jointly provided funding to these subsidiaries for their land acquisition and
     cemetery development via shareholders’ loans based on the respective shareholding percentages. The interests are
     charged based on the market rates.

     OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

     Other income, gains and losses for the Year mainly include interest income, government grants received, exchange
     gains and losses, changes in the value of financial assets at fair value, income from management service and
     consulting service, and donations and etc. Interest income and gain from changes in fair value of unlisted cash
     management products for the Year was RMB42.8 million, decreased by RMB9.6 million compared to Last Year
     resulting from the decline in the rate of return on funds in the RMB market and the average balance of funds for the
     Year. Government subsidies for the Year were approximately RMB33.9 million. Moreover, the Group donated
     approximately RMB1.6 million to Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare Foundation during the Year.

     INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     Under the EIT Law and its Implementation Regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the tax rate of 25%
     since January 1, 2008. Our effective corporate income tax rate for the Year was 24.6% (Last Year: 22.7%). The
     effective corporate income tax rate approximates the standard tax rate of 25%.

     During the Year, income tax expenses recorded RMB289.6 million, representing an increase of RMB66.8 million or
     30.0% as compared to Last Year, which is mainly attributable to the following factors: (i) the increase in taxable
     income: (ii) the exercise of the share options granted by the Group to the employees forms a base for claiming
     income tax expense deduction of certain subsidiaries. More share options were exercised in Last Year, resulting in
     more income tax expense deduction; and (iii) the lower concessionary income tax rate of 15% pursuant to
     preferential tax policies for development of China’s western regions originally applied to certain subsidiaries in these
     regions were cancelled and the tax rate of 25% were reinstated.

     PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

     As mentioned above, our profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company for the Year
     amounted to approximately RMB720.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB100.0 million, or
     16.1% compared to Last Year. This increase was primarily due to the overall growth of our revenue by 22.9%,
     which was partly offset by the increase in operating expenditures and income tax expenses.




22      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CASH FLOW

The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statement of cash flows for the Year:

                                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                              (RMB’000)              (RMB’000)

Net cash generated from (used in)
— operating activities                                                                         1,034,115*               904,953*
— investing activities                                                                          (690,046)*           (1,191,690)*
— financing activities                                                                          (502,485)              (486,383)


Total                                                                                           (158,416)              (773,120)


*       A classification made by the management of the Group in this table does not comply with International Financial Reporting
        Standards, however, management considers that this classification can better reflect the nature of the Group’s business
        and can make the information disclosed more comparable. The net cash generated from operating activities disclosed in
        the audited financial statements amounted to approximately RMB992.4 million (Last Year: RMB822.3 million) and the net
        cash used in investing activities as disclosed in the audited financial statements amounted to approximately RMB648.3
        million (Last Year: RMB1,109.1 million). During the Year, an amount of approximately RMB41.7 million (Last Year: RMB82.6
        million) related to the net payment for cemetery land acquisition and it was here classified under the cash used in investing
        activities, instead of cash used in operating activities.


Our cash generated from operating activities is primarily from proceeds of our death care service businesses. Our
cash used in operating activities is primarily for the development and construction of burial plots, and other
operating expenditures. During the Year, our net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB1,034.1
million, representing an increase of approximately RMB129.2 million or 14.3% as compared to Last Year,
maintaining our competitiveness as always in generating cash from our operating activities.

During the Year, our net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB690.0 million. It was primarily attributable
to: (i) net amount of investment for time deposits, entrusted loans and other financial assets of RMB268.7 million; (ii)
payment for investment in equity fund totalling RMB152.2 million; (iii) payment of RMB148.2 million for the
acquisition of operating rights of subsidiaries, cemeteries and funeral parlors as well as other investments; (iv)
payment for building new burial and funeral facilities and capital expenditures for upgrades and maintenance in
other cemeteries and funeral facilities, and construction expenditure of the operating system in total of RMB128.6
million; (v) net payment for cemetery land acquisition of RMB41.7 million; and these were partially offset by: (i) the
interests and gains from unlisted cash management products received of RMB44.2 million; (ii) the repayment of
entrusted loan from third parties received of RMB7.0 million.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2021             23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     During the Year, our net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB502.5 million. It was primarily
     attributable to: (i) final dividends for 2020 and interim dividends for 2021 paid to shareholders of the Company of
     approximately RMB214.3 million in aggregate; (ii) dividends paid by subsidiaries to their non-controlling
     shareholders of approximately RMB128.4 million; (iii) repayment of loans to non-controlling shareholders and third
     parties of approximately RMB65.8 million and a net reduction in bank loans of approximately RMB54.4 million; (iv)
     purchase of shares of the Company by scheme trustee under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, which
     resulted in net cash outflow of approximately RMB72.0 million; (v) settlement of payment for lease liability of
     approximately RMB23.9 million; (vi) interest payment of approximately RMB3.2 million for borrowings; and these
     were partially offset by: (i) the proceeds of RMB41.8 million received upon exercise of share options by our
     employees; (ii) the net capital contribution from the non-controlling shareholders of certain of our non-wholly owned
     subsidiaries totalling RMB14.2 million.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group had bank balances and cash of approximately RMB1,075.6 million (December
     31, 2020: RMB 1,234.0 million), time deposits of RMB285.7 million (December 31, 2020: RMB Nil) and unlisted cash
     management products of approximately RMB666.0 million (December 31, 2020: RMB982.9 million). Such financial
     assets represent cash management products with relatively lower risk ratings, which are repayable on demand and
     have maturity dates shorter than six months, or are repayable upon notice of withdrawn by the Group at its
     discretion. Such assets are highly dispersed and are managed by certain state-owned banks, with expected
     annualized return rates ranging from 2.35% to 3.90%. To support our expansion strategy, we hold a relatively high
     level of cash. In order to moderately increase capital returns, under the premise of ensuring safety and liquidity, we
     have allocated a part of treasury fund to short-term cash management products. Such products are issued and
     managed by state-owned banks and have clearly-specified expected return rates, maturity dates or are immediately
     redeemable. Even though the principals and return rates of such products are not guaranteed by the issuing banks
     and are determined with reference to the performance of the underlying assets, such as government debt
     instruments, treasury notes and corporate bonds with high credit ratings, their principals and return rates are
     secured in substance considering the features and historical performance of such products and present situation of
     banking system in the PRC. We internally regard our treasury fund put in such cash management products as part
     of our cash balance, however, from the accounting point of view, they are classified as the financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss. In the foreseeable future, we expect to fund our capital expenditure, working capital and
     other capital requirements from the cash generated from our operations, bank borrowings, and other financing
     channels. Considering our low gearing ratio, we prefer to adopt the debt financing if any financing requirements
     arise in the future. The Board confirmed that the transactions in financial assets for the Year, on a standalone basis
     and aggregate basis, did not constitute notifiable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

     We had no outstanding bank borrowings as at December 31, 2021.

     In addition, we had undrawn bank borrowing facilities of approximately RMB16.4 billion as at December 31, 2021.

     GEARING RATIO

     Gearing ratio is total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of each financial period multiplied by 100%. Our
     gearing ratio as at December 31, 2021 was 0.5% (December 31, 2020: 1.0%). Our operation has been lightly
     leveraged because of our good cash generating capability from our operating activities. Although we expect that our
     capital expenditure in the following years will maintain at a relatively high level, we do not anticipate our gearing ratio
     will substantially increase considering the balance of bank and cash on hand. Therefore, we are exposed to limited
     interest rate risk.


24       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CURRENCY RISK

The Group conducts its businesses in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances
are denominated in foreign currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2021,
the financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and cash held in RMB, HK$ and US$ accounted for 98.0%, 0.6%
and 1.4%, respectively, of the total amount of these assets. We believe the current level of financial assets, time
deposits, bank balances and certain payables denominated in foreign currencies expose us to a limited and
manageable foreign currency risk. The management controls foreign currency risk by strictly managing the size of
foreign currency risk exposure and closely observing the movement of foreign currency rates. We may, if necessary,
hedge against foreign currency risk using financial instruments.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

In May 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire 100% equity interest in Anhui Longmen Cultural
Cemetery Co., Ltd* (安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司) (“Anhui Longmen”) for a consideration of approximately RMB88
million. Anhui Longmen is engaged in the provision of cemetery operation in Suzhou of Anhui Province. The
acquisition was completed in August 2021.

In March 2021, the Group entered into an agreement, in order to acquire 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan for a
consideration of approximately RMB90 million subject to further commercial negotiation readjustment of the
consideration. Heze Fuluyuan is engaged in the provision of cemetery operation in Heze of Shandong Province. The
acquisition was completed in December 2021.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at December 31, 2021, we had 2,464 full-time employees (December 31, 2020: 2,345). We offer competitive
packages and benefits to our staff. We also make contributions to social security insurance funds in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we provide staff training and development programs and
performance- based bonus to ensure that our employees are equipped with necessary skills and are remunerated
according to their performance.

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

We contracted, but not provided in the financial statements, for capital expenditure in respect of funeral facilities,
cemetery assets and property and equipment in a total amount of approximately RMB59.2 million as at December
31, 2021.

CEMETERY LANDS AVAILABLE

The saleable area for burial plots was approximately 2.54 million sq.m. as at December 31, 2021 (December 31,
2020: approximately 2.44 million sq.m.), which was sufficient to satisfy the needs of the Group’s sustainable
operation in the long run. When we determine the saleable area of each cemetery, we have already estimated and
excluded those areas not for construction of tombs, such as the areas in connection with business centres, office
buildings, landscaping and main roads. Such estimation may be updated from time to time as our development plan
may be improved from time to time.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021        25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     We had settled most of the lawsuits without substantial losses by the end of year 2021, with five outstanding
     lawsuits remaining, and all of which are related to one of our indirect and wholly-owned subsidiaries, Wuyuan
     Wanshoushan Cemetery as a defendant, which have also been disclosed in our previous announcements. The
     aggregate of claim amount of these five lawsuits was approximately RMB63.38 million (including the claimed
     principal and contingent interests) as at December 31, 2021.

     We are still in the process of taking all necessary steps, including by close cooperation with the public security
     department, in reversing the judgements and vigorously defending against the proceedings. As of December 31,
     2021, after taking into account of the legal opinion and the current status of the proceedings and investigation, the
     Directors were of the view that the proceedings would in the end result in a material adverse impact on the financial
     position and business operation of the Group was not probable and concluded that no provision should necessarily
     be made. However, given the nature of the proceedings, it would be impossible to predict the outcome of the
     proceedings with a sufficient degree of certainty.

     EVENTS AFTER THE YEAR

     There were no other significant events that might affect the Group subsequent to the Year.

     PROSPECTS

     Looking ahead, we will continue to do our best in the death care industry in China, leading the industry revolution
     and improving services quality by continuous innovation and giving more respect, as well as cultural, environmental,
     technological, and charitable connotation to death care services. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look
     for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the
     highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care industry, and boost our market share to cater for more
     people’s need for high quality death care services. We will push for the implementation of all the signed projects.
     Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death care business, we will consolidate newly acquired
     businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours. Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine
     business become an important segment of the Group’s business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business
     with the pre-need contract business as the core and innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments,
     we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral services in the Group’s business and the scale of
     professional design business, and foster the integration of the Internet to improve service contents and accessibility
     and formulate our plan for the business of death care related consumables. Last but not least, while promoting
     growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance between short-term interest and long-term value,
     expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living
     entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to consistently rewarding our Shareholders with the best
     returns.




26      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白 曉 江), aged 64, is the chairman, executive Director and chairman of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Bai is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Bai
has been the chairman of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996. He has also been the president and chairman of
Zhongfu since 1996. Mr. Bai is the director of each of Zhongfu and Shanghai Zhongfu. Mr. Bai has been a director
of Perfect Score since November 2015. He is also the chairman of Chongqing FSY Group. He acted as one of the
promoters of each of NGO 1 and NGO 2. Mr. Bai has more than 24 years of experience in the death care services
industry in the PRC and has served the Group for 24 years. Mr. Bai had recognized accomplishments through his
holding of senior engineering and business positions in the PRC, such as his senior role in the construction of the
Lupu bridge in Shanghai. Mr. Bai is also a member of the 6th, 7th and 8th central committee of the China
Democratic National Construction Association (中國民主建國會) and a member of the 8th, 9th, 10th and the 12th
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Shanghai. Currently, Mr. Bai is the thirteenth vice president of
the Shanghai General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president of the Hong Kong China Chamber of Commerce,
the executive chairman of the Hong Kong-Mainland International Investment Society, an executive council member
of China Charity Federation and an executive council member of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai
Program.

Mr. Bai served as a general manager in China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企業華東公司), the
predecessor of Zhongfu, during the period from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Bai was a technician, manager of the technology
department, assistant to general manager, vice general manager and general manager of China Kanghua Industrial
Co., Ltd.* (中國康華實業有限公司), the predecessor of China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企
業 華 東 公 司), between 1987 and 1990. Mr. Bai was awarded a bachelor’s degree in computer science by the
Shanghai Second Polytechnic University in 1986.

Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (談理安), aged 57, is the vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr. Tan is responsible for the
overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Tan was a director of Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan from December 2006 to December 2017, a director of Hefei Dashushan Co. from December 2006 to February
2014 and the vice chairman of Chongqing FSY Group from May 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Tan was a director of
FSG Holding from December 2011 to August 2014.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tan had served as the director and the chief operation officer of the paper packaging
division of Pacific Millennium Group* (國際濟豐集團) since he joined the group in 1989. He also served as the chief
executive officer of a joint venture company jointly owned by Pacific Millennium Group and International Paper
Company between March 2001 and July 2005.

Mr. Tan graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor’s degree in physical sciences in August
1986 and received a master’s degree in business administration from University of Southern California in August
1987.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         27
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Wang Jisheng (王計生), aged 69, is the executive Director and chief executive of the Company. He is also the
     chairman of the Strategy and Investment Development Committee of our Group. Mr. Wang is responsible for the
     overall management and business operation and strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr.
     Wang was the managing director of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan between 1996 and 2019. He is also the president of
     Shanghai FSY Corporate Management Consultancy. He acted as one of the promoters of NGO 2. Mr. Wang has
     more than 28 years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the Group for more
     than 28 years.

     Mr. Wang has been a lecturer of courses organized by China Funeral Association for the senior management of
     cemeteries since 1999. Prior to that he was appointed as the deputy general manager of Zhongfu in 1991. Mr. Wang
     worked as a teacher in the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1991. Mr. Wang was a teacher
     and counselor at local schools in Jiqing, Anhui between 1971 and 1980.

     Mr. Wang is a renowned figure in the PRC death care services industry. Mr. Wang is the vice president of the China
     Funeral Association. Mr. Wang has completed the Senior Executive Program organized by the Faculty of Business
     Administration of the National University of Singapore in November 2001 and the China CEO Management
     Innovation Executive Program organized by Shanghai Jiaotong University in August 2004. Mr. Wang was awarded
     as the national honorary model of labour in April 2015.

     Mr. Wang has been an independent non-executive director of Pacific Millennium Packaging Group Corporation
     (SEHK stock code: 1820) since December 2018.

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), aged 72, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Lu is a senior engineer. He has more than 26
     years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC.

     Since 2001, he serves as the director and general manager of Shanghai Nam Kwong Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
     Between 1991 and 2001, he was deputy general manager of Zhongfu, chairman and general manager of China
     Zhongfu Petrochemical Industry Co., Ltd.* (上 海 中 福 石 油 化 工 實 業 有 限 公 司), and vice chairman and general
     manager of Shanghai Zhongfu International Trading Co., Ltd. From 1986 to 1990, he was general manager of
     Shanghai Exhibition Centre Co., Ltd.* (上海展覽中心友聯公司).

     From 1973 to 1985, Mr. Lu worked at the science and technology division, the information data department and the
     equipment supply department of Shanghai Petrochemical Company Ltd., and held the positions of a deputy
     secretary and the secretary to the Party Committee.

     Mr. Lu graduated from Shanghai University of Engineering Science with a higher certificate in sales and exhibition in
     June 1990.




28      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, aged 63, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Huang has been a general manager of
Chongqing Stone Tan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. since April 2015 and had been the chief financial officer of Big
Earth Publishing, Boulder, Colorado, since 2011 up to October 31, 2014. Prior to those, Mr. Huang served in various
senior management positions within Pacific Millennium Holding Corporation. Prior to joining Pacific Millennium
Holding Corporation, Mr. Huang served as corporate accounting manager at Electronic Data Systems in Dallas,
Texas, from 1984 to 1987. He had also served as president of Energy System International, Beijing from 2003 to
2006; member of the board between 1994 and 2000 and subsequently elected as chairman of the board between
1999 and 2000 for Millennium Bank, San Francisco, California.

Mr. Huang graduated from McMaster University in Canada with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in May 1982. He
also completed an advanced management program sponsored by the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) in March 1999. Mr. Huang has been a qualified certified public accountant in Texas (U.S.A.)
since January 1989. Mr. Huang is currently not a practicing certified public accountant.

Ms. Zhou Lijie (周立杰), aged 47, is the non-executive Directors. Ms. Zhou has over 21 years of work experience in
the investment industry. Ms. Zhou is currently the investment director of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (陽
光 資 產 管 理 股 份 有 限 公 司). From 2001 to 2009, Ms. Zhou served as research supervisor of Beijing HaiWen
Consultants Co., Ltd.* (北 京 海 問 諮 詢 有 限 公 司). From 2009 to 2020, Ms. Zhou successively served as deputy
director of the Asset Management Center of Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* (陽光保險集團股份有限公司), and
senior research manager, assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager of the
research department of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.

Ms. Zhou obtained a bachelor’ degree in investment economics from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in
1998 and a master’ degree in financial management from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商學院) in 2001.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chen Qunlin (陳 群 林), aged 75, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen was the president of
China Funeral Association (中國殯葬協會) from 2004 to 2011 and was the president of International Federation of
Thanatologist Association (國際殯葬協會) from 2008 to 2010. Before that, Mr. Chen served as the director general of
the Social Welfare and Social Affairs Department of the MCA (民政部社會福利和社會事務司) from 2001 to 2004 and
the director of China Welfare Lottery Issuing Centre (中 國 福 利 彩 票 發 行 中 心) from 1992 to 2001. Mr. Chen also
served as the president of China Communications Press (人民交通出版社) from 1991 to 1992, secretary general of
the Political Reform Research Office of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee (中 共 中 央 政 治 研 究 室)
from 1987 to 1990, secretary of the General Office and deputy secretary general of the Party Committee of Guizhou
Province (中共貴州省辦公廳) from 1976 to 1986. Before that, Mr. Chen also worked at the Commune and County
Party Committee of Sinan County, Guizhou Province (貴州省思南縣公社、縣委工作) from 1970 to 1976.

Mr. Chen graduated from the Beijing Broadcasting Institute (北 京 廣 播 學 院, now known as the Communication
University of China 中國傳媒大學) majoring in journalism in July 1969.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         29
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Luo Zhuping (羅祝平), aged 70, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Remuneration
     Committee. Mr. Luo has held various positions in China Eastern Airlines (中國東方航空公司) since 1988. He served
     as the deputy chief and then chief of the enterprise management department of China Eastern Airlines from 1992 to
     1997 and the deputy head of the share system office from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Luo served as the board secretary of
     China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (SEHK stock code: 670) for 15 years from December 1996 to April 2012.
     He became a director of the China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited from June 2004 to June 2013.

     Mr. Luo graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy of Anhui Labor University (安徽勞動大學) in August 1979 and the
     Faculty of Law of Anhui University (安 徽 大 學) in July 1986. Mr. Luo pursued a postgraduate master’s degree
     majoring in global economics at the Economics Department of Eastern China Normal University (華 東 師 範 大 學)
     between 1992 and April 1994. In September 1998, he participated in an Executive Study Tour organized in the U.S.
     by the State Economic and Trade Commission (國家經濟貿易委員會) and Morgan Stanley. He also completed a
     CEIBS-Wharton Joint Program in Corporate Governance and Board of Directors in August 2008. Mr. Luo holds an
     independent director certificate issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012 and a corporate governance
     certificate issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in November 2004.

     Mr. Ho Man (何敏), aged 52, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr.
     Ho has over 23 years of working experience in private equity investment and finance and is currently the managing
     director of an investment holding company. Prior to that, Mr. Ho served as an executive partner representative of a
     Chengdu- based private equity investment fund from December 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Ho worked for a Hong
     Kong-based private fund management company during January 2010 to December 2013 and was the managing
     director and head of China growth and expansion capital of CLSA Capital Partners from August 1997 to October
     2009.

     Mr. Ho served as an independent non-executive director of Fantasia Holdings Group Co., Limited (SEHK stock
     code: 1777) from October 2009 to October 2021; an independent non-executive director of Magnus Concordia
     Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 1172) since January 2018; and an independent non-executive director of Wanjia
     Group Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 401) since February 2018. an independent non-executive director of
     Grand Ocean Advanced Resources Company Limited (SEHK stock code: 65) since January 2020. All of the
     companies mentioned above are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

     Mr. Ho was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University and a
     master’s degree in finance from the London Business School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst.




30      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Liang Yanjun (梁艷君), aged 38, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Compliance
Committee. Ms. Liang has over 15 years of experience in legal service and many years of relevant experience in
securities and capital markets. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Liang worked as legal assistant in Beijing Zhongke
Fuqiao Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京中科富橋科技有限公司) from August 2006 to November 2007, CEO assistant in
Global Energy Investment Co., Ltd.* (環球能源投資有限公司) from December 2007 to February 2009, assistant of the
minister in exchange department of China Center for International Economic Exchanges* (中國國際經濟交流中心)
from March 2009 to February 2010, a lawyer in Beijing Jingtian & Gongcheng* (北京市競天公誠律師事務所) from
December 2010 to May 2016, lawyer and kernel group member in Beijing Maode Attorneys At Law* (北京懋德律師
事 務 所) from 2016 to March 2019, an independent non-executive director in Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive
Finance Co., Ltd.* (上 海 東 正 汽 車 金 融 股 份 有 限 公 司) (SEHK stock code: 2718) from August 2018 to present, a
partner-level lawyer in B&D Law Firm* (北斗鼎銘律師事務所) from April 2019 to August 2019 and a partner-level
lawyer in Javy Tayn Lawyers* (北京嘉維泰銀律師事務所) from September 2019 to present.

Ms. Liang obtained a bachelor’s degree in the science of law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國 政 法 大 學) in June 2005. She received her lawyer’s practicing certificate of the PRC granted by the Ministry of
Justice of the PRC in March 2011. She was awarded the Qualifications for Directors of Non-bank Financial
Institutions in August 2018 and received the Qualification of Independent Directors issued by the Shanghai Stock
Exchange in November 2018.

Mr. Chen Xin (陳欣), aged 46, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen has over 21 years of experience
in finance and investment industries. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Chen successively served as assistant trade service
manager, assistant banking services manager and project finance executive in The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited (HSBC Group). From 2002 to 2011, Mr. Chen successively served as associate and
vice president of the corporate finance group of the investment banking division and executive director of the Asian
Special Situations Group (ASSG) in Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Mr. Chen served as head of China in Permira
Advisors (Asia) Limited from 2011 to 2014, served as founding partner of Fides Capital Investors I, L.P. from 2014 to
2017, served as head of direct investment in CMBC Capital Holdings Limited from 2017 to 2018, served as a
partner, managing director and head of private equity investment in Ally Bridge Group from 2018 to February 2020,
served as the president of Fosun Capital Flagship Fund and head of investment in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
Greater Bay Are from February 2020 to present and served as non-executive director of Cosmo Lady (China)
Holdings Company Limited (SEHK code: 2298) since February 2022.

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts in Finance from Fudan University in 1997, a master’s degree in
Economics from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2000 and a master’s degree in business
administration from The Yale School of Management, major in finance and business strategy, in 2002, respectively.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          31
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生) is our executive Director and the chief executive of the Group. For Mr. Wang’s
     biography, see “Executive Directors” above.

     Mr. Ma Jianting, Sam (馬劍亭), aged 41, is our chief financial officer. He has over 18 years of work experience in
     finance and auditing, and has extensive experience in financial management, internal control and auditing and
     merger and acquisition. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ma had served in various positions in China Minsheng
     Investment Group Corp., Ltd. (“China Minsheng Investment Group”) and its subsidiaries or the companies it has
     invested in, including acting as a non-executive director and member of the audit committee, investment committee
     and remuneration committee of China Medical & HealthCare Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 383) from August
     2019 to June 11, 2020; the head of finance team of China Minsheng Investment Group from October 2019 to May
     2020; the chief financial officer of CMIG Asia Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 2017 to May 2020; a non-
     executive director of China Minsheng Financial Holding Corporation Limited (now known as China Vered Financial
     Holding Corporation Limited) (SEHK stock code: 245) from November 2017 to February 2019; and a senior manager
     of the finance and accounting department of China Minsheng Investment Group from June 2017 to July 2017. From
     September 2003 to May 2017, he worked in the audit department in Shanghai office of Ernst & Young Hua Ming
     LLP and his last position was an audit senior manager, during which from September 2008 to March 2010, he was
     assigned to Manchester office of Ernst & Young (United Kingdom) as an audit executive.

     Mr. Ma obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in English (Finance and Business) from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in June
     2003, and holds the qualification of PRC Certified Public Accountant (CICPA).

     Ms. Hu Yi (胡 軼), aged 37, is our company secretary. Ms. Hu has joined the Company since 2014 as the
     representative of Hong Kong office and manager of board secretary office. Ms. Hu is responsible for investor
     relations, corporate finance and corporate governance of the Group. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Hu worked
     in BlackBerry Hong Kong Ltd. as Project Manager from 2010 to 2013. Ms. Hu graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong
     University with a bachelor degree in English (Specialized in Finance and Business) in 2008. Ms. Hu obtained a
     master degree in China Studies from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2010 and a master degree in
     Corporate Governance from The Open University of Hong Kong in 2017. Ms. Hu is an associate member of The
     Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




32      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board presents the directors’ report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the provision of burial services and funeral services. The
Group’s subsidiaries also carry on provision of designing services for cemeteries and funeral parlours,
manufacturing of cremation devices and sales and after-sales service of cremation devices. Details of the
subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 42 to the financial statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 64 of this Annual Report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The financial summary of the Group between 2017 and 2021 is set out on page 188 in the section “Financial
Summary” of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group realized the sale of 24,676 tombs and provided funeral
services to 64,282 customers and recorded total revenue of RMB2,325.8 million, made a net profit totalling
RMB889.6 million, and net profit attributable to our shareholders of RMB720.0 million.

As at December 31, 2021, we operated 32 cemeteries, and 30 funeral facilities throughout the PRC. Our business
coverage has expanded to 46 cities across 19 provinces, autonomous regions or municipalities in China. The
expanding business footprints lay a good foundation for our future development.

For more details of the business development and performance of the Group for the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report. The above section forms part of this
report.

Principal risks and uncertainties

As the death care industry in China is originated from a long cultural history, it features a geographically distinctive
and traditional operation model. The conventions of such industry are now facing challenging innovation and the
maturity of relevant regulations remains to be seen while the world keeps progressing and updating. In a leading
position of China’s death care industry, the Group is committed to leading the modernization reform of the death
care business in China so as to reduce the risk arising from outdated regulations for the industry.

The death care industry in China, subject to the strict requirement of relevant regulations imposed by the
government, is a highly regulated industry. There are strict restrictions on licenses and land supply which pose risks
and uncertainties on the Group’s business expansion.

One of the important strategies of the Group is to accomplish business expansion through mergers and
acquisitions. However, the success of such strategy depends on a number of uncertainties, which mainly include:
whether the acquired targets have any hidden debts and unknown potential litigations, whether we can integrate the
acquired targets properly and enhance their value added, and whether there are sufficient skilled and qualified
managerial personnel to satisfy the market needs during our expansion.



                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Requirements and restrictions still exist in China on fund flow under capital accounts, which may affect the Group’s
     flexibility to make use of global funds to implement business expansion and our ability to distribute dividends to
     foreign investors.

     For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

     Important events

     In May 2021, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire 100% equity interests in Anhui Longmen Cultural
     Cemetery Co., Ltd* (安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司) (“Anhui Longmen”) for a consideration of approximately RMB88
     million. Anhui Longmen is engaged in the provision of cemetery operation in Suzhou of Anhui Province. The
     acquisition was completed in August 2021.

     In March 2021, the Group entered into an agreement, in order to acquire 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan for a
     consideration of approximately RMB90 million subject to further commercial negotiation readjustment of the
     consideration. Heze Fuluyuan is engaged in the provision of cemetery operation in Heze of Shandong Province. The
     acquisition was completed in December 2021.

     Events occurred since the end of the financial year

     For details of the events occurred since the end of the financial year of the Group, please refer to the section
     headed “Events after the Year” of the section “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report.

     Future development

     For more than eight years since its listing, the Group has been striving to consolidate its leading position in the
     death care industry in China through its operation strategies.

     Looking ahead, we will continue to do our best in the death care industry in China, leading the industry revolution
     and improving services quality by continuous innovation and giving more respect, as well as cultural, environmental,
     technological, and charitable to death care services. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable
     growth opportunities, strive for external development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly
     disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s
     need for high quality death care services. We will push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging
     our advanced philosophy and expertise in death care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and
     raise their standards on a par with ours. Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become
     an important segment of the Group’s business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need
     contract business as the core and innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to
     increase the percentage of our funeral services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design
     business, and foster the integration of the Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our
     plan for the business of death care related consumables. Last but not least, while promote growth in various
     business segments, we will strive for a balance between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our
     business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that
     carries memories and emotions, with a view to consistently rewarding our investors with the best returns.




34      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Environmental policies and performance

The Group has always adhered to the sustainable development philosophy of “transforming cemeteries into parks,
farewells into beautiful moments and ceremony into commemoration” and is committed to making breakthroughs in
ideas, products, services, culture, art, science and technology, integrating the concept of green, ecology, art,
humanities into funeral culture, guide the death care service return to the cultural essence of emotional needs,
promoting Chinese traditional culture, leading the development and reform of China’s modern death care industry.

The Group engaged in assistance and poverty alleviation in many regions and relied on public welfare foundation to
shoulder social responsibility and create social value. We always keep it in mind that today’s peace comes from
predecessors’ efforts. The Group sees their spirits as cultural inheritance and imbeds into education campaigns
organized by us. Also, we combine the life and emotion to build a long-term social value.

We value the Company’s talents development, safeguard their rights and interests, and create a green and sound
work environment to prevent our staff’s rights and interests from being infringed. Moreover, we provide well-
established training systems for staff and cultivate a united work team. Focusing on the promotion of concepts and
ideas, Fu Shou Yuan continuously deepens its communication with global peer workers for cultural exchange.
Meanwhile, we attract more social talents and young people to join us.

By embedding green philosophy into our products and services, Fu Shou Yuan forged ecological industrial circle
and finished the innovation of the industry with unique design, adding novel and environmental concept into each
link and push the life service business toward cross space and affordability. To achieve the goal of green-oriented
transition, Fu Shou Yuan reduces daily energy consumption in working place and strengthens emission control of
industrial chain in 2022 to achieve “carbon neutrality”.

We prioritize inheritance, saving and efficiency as key point for future development of life service industry. Following
the philosophy of conserving lands, promoting livelihood and commemorating and inheriting, we explore new
continuation methods for spiritual life value and map out a blueprint for sustainable development. Going forward, we
will continue to promote the understanding of the concept of life service among our staff and customers, fulfilling
business, industrial, social, historical and public responsibilities and provide premium life service.

Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited (“Hang Seng Indexes Company”) announced the results of its review of the
Hang Seng Family of Indexes for the quarter review on August 20, 2021. The recognized Company has been
selected as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index with effect from
September 6, 2021. The Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index is the recognized benchmark for sustainability
investments in Hong Kong. We believes that the inclusion of our Shares as a constituent of the Hang Seng
Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index will raise investors’ awareness toward the Company’s ESG scoring and
performance, attracting portfolio investments from the ESG investor base, enhancing stock liquidity, as well as
harnessing the Company’s reputation in ESG performance.

Please refer to the 2021 Sustainability Report of the Group to be published in due course for more details of the
Group’s sustainability policy and performance.

Compliance with the relevant laws and regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements. The Group has set up various
internal control systems and allocated human resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations,
and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators through effective communications. During the Year, to
the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with all of the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and
Hong Kong, including but not limited to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), the Listing Rules and the Regulations on Funeral And Interment
Control.


                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          35
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Relationships with stakeholders

     The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise our employees,
     customers, suppliers, regulators and shareholders.

     Employees

     Our success depends on our qualified and skilled employees and we believe employees are the most valuable
     resource and wealth of the Group. Our Group adheres to the value of people orientation and our goal is to
     constantly maximize our employee value and enterprise value. Therefore, we developed a set of internal training
     programs and provide a wide range of education and development opportunities for our employees. The Group also
     provides competitive remuneration package to attract and motivate the employees. Performance appraisal and
     interview is held for review the remuneration package of employees and makes necessary adjustments to conform
     to the market standard. We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide
     incentive or reward to eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential
     contribution to the Group. As at December 31, 2021, we had 2,464 full-time employees (December 31, 2020: 2,345).

     Customers

     The Group attaches extremely great importance to customer services and is committed to providing quality services
     and products to our customers while maintaining long-term business growth. We conduct monthly call-back
     interviews for customer satisfactory survey and made summary and analysis of customer opinions and provides
     feedback to our customer after internal communication. We recognize the important role of customers in our
     success and will continue to enhance the quality of our services and products.

     Suppliers

     Our suppliers mainly include tombstone producers, landscaping companies and so forth. Our Group has a complete
     set of purchasing system with regard to suppliers, in order to safeguard the interests of our Group as well as give an
     impetus to suppliers. Evaluation is conducted on suppliers to define the service scope and responsible person of
     each suppliers, and guarantees the product and service quality and interests of suppliers. Our Group established
     our “Environment and Labor System for Suppliers” in 2016 and has implemented in 2017, in order to improve the
     screening standard on suppliers and join hands with them for common growth.

     Regulators

     The Group operates in the death care sector which is regulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and other
     relevant regulators. The Group maintains cordial working relationships with regulators through effective
     communications and ensures compliance with rules and regulations.

     Shareholders

     One of the Group’s objectives is to enhance corporate value to our Shareholders. We are poised to foster business
     development for achieving sustainability of earning growth and reward our Shareholders by stable dividend payouts
     taking into account liquidity positions and business expansion needs of the Group.

     For more details of the relationship with stakeholders of the Group, please refer to the 2021 sustainability report of
     the Company to be published in due course.




36      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK5.64 cents per Share for the year ended December
31, 2021 (2020: HK5.53 cents per Share). The final dividend will be payable on June 30, 2022 subject to the
approval of the Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names
appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on June 21, 2022. Subject to the
Companies Act, through a general meeting we may declare dividends in any currency but no dividend shall be
declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends
may be declared and paid out of our profit, realized or unrealized, or from any reserve of our Company lawfully
available for distribution including share premium.

We also intended to distribute to our shareholders no less than 25% of our net distributable profit since the year
ended December 31, 2014 and for each fiscal year thereafter. However, we will re-evaluate our dividend policy
annually.

CLOSURES OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Friday, May 20, 2022 to Wednesday, May 25, 2022, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, all
transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on
Thursday, May 19, 2022.

For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Friday, June 17, 2022 to Tuesday, June 21, 2022, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed final
dividend, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in
Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 16, 2022.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 42 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For the year ended December 31, 2021, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 28.9%
(2020: 35.9%) of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from our single largest supplier accounted for 9.1%
(2020: 11.3%) of the Group’s total purchases.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the combined revenue from the five largest customers did not exceed
30% of the total revenue of the Group.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interests in the Group’s five largest suppliers
and customers.



                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021         37
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2021 are set
     out in Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, 10,308,500 ordinary shares were issued by exercise of share options.
     The total consideration received by the Company for the above issue is HK$49,996,225. Details of the movements
     in the Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in Note 32 to the audited
     consolidated financial statements.

     RESERVES

     Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021
     are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 67 of this Annual Report and Notes 33 and
     44 to the audited consolidated financial statements respectively.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the
     provisions of the Companies Act, as at December 31, 2021, are set out in Note 44 to the audited consolidated
     financial statements.

     BORROWINGS

     Details of the borrowings of the Group are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in
     this Annual Report and Note 28 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

     TAXATION

     If Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the
     exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their tax adviser.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the year ended December 31, 2021.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, or the law of Cayman Islands being
     the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares
     on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

     CHARITABLE DONATIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group made approximately RMB1.6 million charitable and other
     donations.




38      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2021 and up to the date of this Annual Report are:

Executive Directors

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Mr. Ma Xiang1
    (resigned on March 24, 2021)
Ms. Zhou Lijie2
    (appointed on March 24, 2021)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Chen Qunlin
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin3
    (appointed on January 21, 2021)

Notes:

1
         Mr. Ma Xiang resigned as non-executive Director with effect from March 24, 2021 due to other work arrangements.

2
         Ms. Zhou Lijie was appointed as non-executive Director with effect from March 24, 2021.

3
         Mr. Chen Xin was appointed as independent non-executive Director with effect from January 21, 2021.


The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this Annual Report.

In accordance with Article 108 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng,
Mr. Luo Zhuping and Ms. Liang Yanjun shall retire by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, have offered
themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
each of such service agreements may be terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either
party on the other.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021   39
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
     to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years. Each of such appointments may be terminated by
     not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

     Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
     compensation other than the normal statutory compensation.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/
     her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-
     executive Directors to be independent.

     TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save for as disclosed under the section headed “Permitted Indemnity Provision” in this Annual Report, no
     transaction, arrangement and contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies or
     subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a
     material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2021 or at any
     time during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, no contract of significance between the Company, or
     any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was made.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING
     BUSINESS

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the
     Listing Rules) had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
     the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

     As stated in the Prospectus, FSG Holding and Chief Union Investments Limited (collectively the “Covenantors”)
     entered into a deed of non-competition (the “Deed of Non-competition”) on December 3, 2013 in favor of the
     Company.

     Pursuant to the Deed of Non-competition, the Covenantors undertook not to compete with the business of
     Company and the undertakings shall lapse when the Covenantors and their associates cease to be or are no longer
     deemed to be controlling shareholders of our Company within the meaning of the Listing Rules.

     As each of FSG Holding and Chief Union Investments Limited has already ceased to be a controlling shareholder of
     the Company prior to the Year, the Deed of Non-competition has lapsed and ceased to have effect during the Year.

     TAX RELIEF

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2021.



40      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

In compliance with the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate
remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration is subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other
emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, the
recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the performance and results of the Group. No Director, or
any of their respective associates, was involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December
31, 2021 are set out in Note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
financial year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal
actions against its Directors and officers.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save for the Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company as set out in this Annual
Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December
31, 2021.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on December 3, 2013 and shall be valid and effective for a period
of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by the Company in a general meeting or by the Board. The
purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contribution to the
Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are
valuable to the Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme,
the Board may offer to grant an option to any directors or employees, or any advisors, consultants, suppliers,
customers or shareholders of any members of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).

The Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the
Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the
Shares in issue from time to time. The maximum number of Shares available for issue under options which may be
granted under the Share Option Scheme or other share option scheme adopted by the Company must not in
aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Global Offering (but taking no
account of any Shares which may be allotted or issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as
defined in the Prospectus)), being 200,000,000 Shares, representing 8.62% of the issued shares as at the date of
this Annual Report. The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme to an Eligible Participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
of the number of Shares in issue as at the date of grant unless approved by the Shareholders in general meeting.

The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall
be determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the date of grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the
average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five trading
days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.



                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          41
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant.
     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date
     upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The
     period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that
     no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.

     At the annual general meeting of the Company held on May 15, 2017, an ordinary resolution was passed, pursuant
     to which the scheme mandate limit under the Share Option Scheme approved on December 9, 2013 has been
     refreshed, allowing the Company to grant share options entitling holders thereof to subscribe for up to 210,000,000
     Shares, representing approximately but not exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the
     date of passing the above resolution.

     As at December 31, 2021, no options were available under the Share Option Scheme.

     Set out below are the details of movements in the outstanding options granted under the Share Option Scheme
     during the year ended December 31, 2021:

                                                            Closing        Options         Options         Options         Options         Options
                                                          price per        balance         granted       exercised    lapsed during      cancelled         Options
                                                              Share    outstanding       during the      during the        the year      during the    outstanding
                                           Exercise    immediately            as at     year ended      year ended           ended      year ended            as at
                                           price per     before the     January 1,    December 31,    December 31,    December 31,    December 31,    December 31,
     Name of Grantees     Date of grant       Share    date of grant          2021            2021            2021            2021            2021            2021 Exercisable period
                                               (HK$)           (HK$)
     Directors
     Lu Hesheng           March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        500,000               —         500,0001              —               —              —   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Chen Qunlin          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000               —         300,0001              —               —              —   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Luo Zhuping          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000               —         300,0001              —               —              —   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Ho Man               March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000               —         300,0001              —               —              —   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Other employees      March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82      8,908,500               —       8,908,5002              —               —              —   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
         of the Group
         (in aggregate)


     Total                                                              10,308,500               —       10,308,500              —               —              —



     Note 1:              The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised
                          is HK$7.28.

     Note 2:              The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised
                          is HK$7.36.


     Save as disclosed above, no options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme
     during the year ended December 31, 2021.

     We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
     eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
     As at December 31, 2021, the trustee of the Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme held 48,800,000 shares while no
     Restricted Shares were granted under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme. For more details, please refer to our
     announcement dated November 29, 2019.




42           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                   Annual Report 2021
                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at December 31, 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the
register referred to therein; or (b) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)    Interest in the Shares

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                              the issued share
                                                                           Nature of          Number of           capital of the
       Name of Directors                Capacity                           Interest                Shares             Company
       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                Beneficiary of a trust (Note 1)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position      10,453,452                  0.45%
       Mr. Wang Jisheng                 Beneficiary of a trust (Note 2)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.16%
                                        Beneficial owner                   Long position          453,452                 0.02%
       Mr. Tan Leon Li-an               Beneficial owner                   Long position          900,000                 0.04%
       Mr. Lu Hesheng                   Interest in a controlled           Long position      27,600,000                  1.19%
                                          corporation (Note 3)
       Mr. Huang James                  Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
            Chih-Cheng

       Notes:

       1.       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is interested in the entire issued share capital of Wish and Catch, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
                Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is a beneficiary.

       2.       Mr. Wang Jisheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Peaceful Field, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
                Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Wang Jisheng is a beneficiary.

       3.       Mr. Lu Hesheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Grand Fire, which in turn is interested in
                approximately 1.19% of the issued share capital of the Company.


(ii)   Interest in underlying Shares of share options

       The Directors have been granted options under the Share Option Scheme, details of which are set out in the
       section headed “Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme” above.

       Save as disclosed above, as at year ended December 31, 2021, neither the Directors nor chief executive of
       the Company (including their spouses and children under 18 years of age) had any interests or short positions
       in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
       the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the
       SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2021            43
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at December 31, 2021, so far as the Directors were aware, the Substantial Shareholders, other than the Directors
     or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                        the issued
                                                                                                                      share capital
                                                                                   Nature of                  No. of         of the
     Name of Substantial Shareholders Capacity                                     Interest                  Shares      Company
     FSG Holding                                    Beneficial owner               Long position       388,318,000             16.74%
     Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as              Founder of a discretionary     Long position       388,318,000             16.74%
          “Tan Chih Chun”)                            trust (Note 1)
     Perfect Score                                  Beneficial owner               Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
     Alliance Rise                                  Interest in a controlled       Long Position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                      corporation (Note 2)
     Zhongfu                                        Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                      corporation (Note 3)
     Hongfu                                         Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                      corporation (Note 4)
     NGO 1                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                      corporation (Note 5)
     NGO 2                                          Interest in a controlled       Long position       483,000,000             20.82%
                                                      corporation (Note 6)
     UBS Trustees (BVI) Limited                     Trustee                        Long position       193,200,000               8.33%
     Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd.*             Beneficial owner (Note 7)      Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
          (陽光人壽保險股份有限公司)
     Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* Interest in a controlled                  Long position       151,482,000               6.53%
          (陽光保險集團股份有限公司)                              corporation (Note 7)

     *    The English translation is for identification purpose only

     Notes:

     1.       Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as “Tan Chih Chun”), the father of Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, is entitled to exercise or control the
              exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of FSG Holding through (i) being a settlor of a trust,
              which in turn is interested in the entire issued share capital of Pacific Millennium Investment Corporation, the largest
              shareholder of FSG Holding; and (ii) being a settlor of another trust, which in turn is interested in the entire issued share
              capital of Fast Answer Limited, the third largest shareholder of FSG Holding. Together, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is interested in
              an aggregate of 48.15% of the issued share capital of FSG Holding. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is deemed or taken to
              be interested in approximately 16.74% of the issued share capital of the Company in which FSG Holding is interested in.

     2.       According to the disclosure of Interests filed by the relevant substantial shareholders on March 23, 2022, after Zhongfu
              transferred all its shares in Perfect Score to Alliance Rise, Perfect Score became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
              Alliance Rise. Accordingly, Alliance Rise is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued share
              capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.




44         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2021
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

3.      Perfect Score is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu and Zhongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in
        approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

4.      Zhongfu is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongfu and Hongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

5.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 1 as to 50% and NGO 1 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

6.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 2 as to 50% and NGO 2 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

7.      Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is interested in approximately 99.99% of the issued share capital of Sunshine Life
        Insurance Co., Ltd. and therefore Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        6.53% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is interested in.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2021, so far was known to the Directors, no other persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives) had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”
above, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2021 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children
under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
any of its holding companies or any of subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable
the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body
corporate.

EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in Note 39 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained the public float as required by the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31,
2021.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

(1)     Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限
        公 司) (“Chongqing Guolong”) and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on November 28,
        2017, pursuant to which Chongqing Guolong provided a shareholder loan to Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. As at
        December 31, 2021, the loan remaining outstanding amounted to approximately RMB27.0 million. The
        interest rate is approximately 4.35% per annum.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021            45
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

           The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Chongqing Guolong (the “Loan”) was to fund the
           cemetery development. In considering the funding requirement, Chongqing Guolong, a shareholder of Xiyuan
           Fu Shou Yuan, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided their funding to
           Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholder’s loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in
           addition to the registered capital.

           Chongqing Guolong is a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level as it is a substantial
           shareholder of Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan and owns 49% equity interest in Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan
           constituted a continuing connected transaction.

           The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
           Rules), was provided by Chongqing Guolong for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no security
           over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
           announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
           Rules.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and external auditor the accounting principles
     and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
     31, 2021.

     AUDITOR

     The financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been audited by Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu, auditor of the Company, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered itself for re-appointment as
     auditor at the AGM.

     A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
     and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of auditor.




     By order of the Board
     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
     Bai Xiaojiang
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, March 18, 2022




46      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2021.

Unless otherwise stated, reference of the code provisions made in this corporate governance report in relation to the
CG Code is referred to the provisions contained in the Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules in force during the year
ended December 31, 2021.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company recognizes the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is committed
to achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results and improve its
corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.

The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Board is of opinion that the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code
throughout the year ended December 31, 2021.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in securities
of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiry to all the Directors, each of them confirmed that they
have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended
December 31, 2021.

To comply with the code provision A.6.4 (which has been re-arranged as code provision C.1.3 since January 1,
2022) of the CG Code, the Company has also established and adopted a code of conduct regarding its employees’
securities transactions, on terms no less exacting than the standards set out in the Model Code, for compliance by
its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information in relation to the Company or its
securities because of their offices or employments.

No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company
were noted by the Company throughout the year ended December 31, 2021.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board composition

The Board currently comprises three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and five independent non-
executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set out as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Lu Hesheng
     Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
     Mr. Ma Xiang
       (resigned on March 24, 2021)
     Ms. Zhou Lijie
       (appointed on March 24, 2021)

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Qunlin
     Mr. Luo Zhuping
     Mr. Ho Man
     Ms. Liang Yanjun
     Mr. Chen Xin
       (appointed on January 21, 2021)

     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management”
     of this Annual Report.

     Throughout the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1),
     3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
     directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or
     accounting or related financial management expertise, and independent non-executive directors representing at
     least one-third of the board of the directors.

     None of the Directors has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
     relationship) with any other Directors.

     Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

     The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
     performance of the Group. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of
     communications.

     The Board should meet regularly and Board meetings should be held at least four times a year. At least 14 days’
     notice of all regular Board meetings is given to the Directors who are given the opportunity to include other matters
     in the agenda of meetings.

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board has held 7 meetings in total.




48      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The attendance records of the individual Directors at the meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Compliance Committee and the general meeting for the year ended
December 31, 2021 are set out as follows:

                                                                No. of Meetings Attended/Held
                                                        Audit Nomination Remuneration       Compliance         Annual
                                           Board   Committee    Committee      Committee        Committee     General
Name of Directors                       Meetings    Meetings     Meetings        Meetings        Meetings     Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                            7/7           —           2/2             —               —          1/1
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                           5/7           —            —             2/2              —          1/1
Mr. Wang Jisheng                             7/7           —           2/2             —               —          1/1


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng                               7/7           —            —              —               —          1/1
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                   7/7          2/2           —              —               —          1/1
Mr. Ma Xiang
  (resigned on March 24, 2021)               1/1           —            —              —               —              —
Ms. Zhou Lijie
  (appointed on March 24, 2021)              6/6           —            —              —               —          1/1


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qunlin                              7/7           —           2/2            2/2             2/2         1/1
Mr. Luo Zhuping                              7/7          2/2          2/2            2/2             2/2         1/1
Mr. Ho Man                                   7/7          2/2          2/2             —              2/2         1/1
Ms. Liang Yanjun                             7/7           —            —              —              2/2         1/1
Mr. Chen Xin
  (appointed on January 21, 2021)            5/6          2/2           —              —               —          1/1

Except for the annual general meeting, the Company did not hold any other general meeting during the year ended
December 31, 2021.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are governed by the Articles of
Association. The Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, is responsible for reviewing the
Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of
Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021       49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Articles of Association provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
     office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
     meeting, or as an additional to the existing Board shall hold office only until the following annual general meeting of
     the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

     In accordance with the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
     Directors for the time being or, if the number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest to but not less than
     one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
     term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves
     for re-election.

     The Shareholders may, at any general meetings convened and held in accordance with the Articles of Association,
     remove a Director by ordinary resolution at any time before the expiration of his/her term of office notwithstanding
     anything to the contrary in the Articles of Association or in any agreement between the Company and such Director
     and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his/her stead.

     Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group in accordance
     with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
     responsibilities to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
     doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
     financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

     The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor on the financial statements of the Group are set out
     in the section of “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.

     Responsibilities of and Delegation by the Board

     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitoring business and performance.

     The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
     responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
     conducting the day-to-day operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to
     review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make
     financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management
     including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a
     periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group. A memorandum on respective
     functions of the Board and management of the Company has been established in writing.

     All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
     and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.




50      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, being independent non-
executive Directors, have made confirmations of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin
meet the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent to the Company in
accordance with the terms of such guidelines.

Continuous Professional Development

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of
training materials. All Directors have provided their training records to the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, all Directors, including Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang
Jisheng, Mr. Ma Xiang, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo
Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, have been given relevant guideline materials regarding
the duties and responsibilities of being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty
of disclosure of interest and business of the Group, and Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang Jisheng,
Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man,
Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin have attended a training regarding Directors’ duties, obligation of listed
company, obligation of information disclosure and environmental, social and governance reporting.

Chairman and Chief Executive

The positions of the chairman (“Chairman”) and the chief executive (“Chief Executive”) of the Company are held
separately. The role of Chairman is held by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, and the role of Chief Executive is held by Mr. Wang
Jisheng. The Chairman provides leadership and governance for the Board so as to create the conditions for the
effective performance of the Board as a whole and effective contribution by individual Director and to ensure that
the Board performs its responsibilities and all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely
manner. The Chief Executive has the delegated power to manage the Company and to oversee the activities of the
Company on a day-to-day basis.

The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive is defined and established in writing.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Corporate Governance Function

     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
     corporate governance duties include:

     —     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
           recommendations to the Board;

     —     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
           management;

     —     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;

     —     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
           and Directors; and

     —     to review the Company’s compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
           governance report under the Listing Rules.

     The Compliance Committee is delegated to discharge the above corporate governance functions and has reported
     back to the Board.

     The Compliance Committee has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and this
     corporate governance report.

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established four committees and has delegated various responsibilities to the committees including
     the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Compliance Committee. All
     the Board committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference which are
     available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Board committees are provided with
     sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.

     Audit Committee

     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
     the Listing Rules and paragraph C.3 (which has been re-arranged as paragraph D.3 since January 1, 2022) of the
     CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the
     Stock Exchange and the Company on January 7, 2019. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are, but not
     limited to, to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting
     process, the internal control and risk management system of the Group, to oversee the audit process and to
     perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

     The Audit Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Ho Man, Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Xin,
     the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, the non-executive Director. Mr. Ho
     Man is the chairman of the Audit Committee.




52       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Audited Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed and discussed
the interim and annual financial statements, the interim and annual result announcements and reports, the
accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group
and recommended the re-appointment of auditor to the Board.

Remuneration Committee

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph B.1 (which has been re-arranged as paragraph E.1 since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code. The primary
duties of the Remuneration Committee are, but not limited to, to evaluate and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the remuneration packages and compensation of the executive Directors and senior management. In
addition, the Remuneration Committee conducts reviews of the performance, and determines the remuneration
structure of the senior management of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Qunlin,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, the vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr.
Luo Zhuping is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Remuneration Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the
Company’s remuneration policy and structure and the remuneration package for Directors and senior management.

Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph A.5 (which has been re-arranged as paragraph B.3 since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code. The primary
functions of the Nomination Committee are, but not limited to, to formulate nomination policies for consideration of
the Board, implement the nomination policies laid down by the Board, and make recommendations to the Board to
fill vacancies on the same.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, the chairman and
executive Director, Mr. Wang Jisheng, the executive Director, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Chen Qunlin and Mr. Ho Man,
the independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Nomination Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the re-
appointment of directors, the structure, size and composition of the Board, the board diversity policy, and the
retirement and rotation plan of the Directors and assessed the independence of each independent non-executive
Director.

Compliance Committee

The Company has established the Compliance Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference of
the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on August 21, 2020. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review and
monitor the environmental, social and corporate governance (“ESG”) functions and duties. The primary functions of
the Compliance Committee are, but not limited to, to review and monitor the legal and compliance aspects of the
Group to ensure that the Group is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and ESG policy. The
Compliance Committee has authority to seek external counsel’s advice.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Compliance Committee currently comprises four members, namely Ms. Liang Yanjun, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo
     Zhuping and Mr. Ho Man, all being the independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Liang Yanjun is the chairman of
     the Compliance Committee.

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Compliance Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the
     policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendation to the Board, reviewed the training and
     continuous professional development of Directors, senior management and other employees in respect of
     compliance and ESG matters, the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the
     codes of conduct applicable to employees and Directors and the compliance with the corporate governance code
     and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

     NOMINATION POLICY AND BOARD DIVERSITY

     With a view to enhancing the Board effectiveness and corporate governance, the Board should include a balanced
     composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there
     is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.

     The Company has adopted a nomination policy and a board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The
     Nomination Committee evaluates the balance and blend of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives of the
     Board. Selection of candidates is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services
     and other qualities essential to the Company’s business, and merit and contribution that the selected candidates
     will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board will review such measurable objectives from time
     to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.

     After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors,
     the chairman of the Nomination Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due
     diligence. Upon the review by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the committee will convene a Board
     meeting where recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and
     approved by the Board, the proposed directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

     REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements.
     Save as disclosed therein, there are other 3 individuals of senior management. Pursuant to paragraph B.1.5 (which
     has been re-arranged as code provision E.1.5 since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code, their remuneration by band
     for the year ended December 31, 2021 is set out below:

                                                                                                           Number of
     Remuneration bands                                                                                     individual
     HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                     —
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                                    2
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                   1
     HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                   —




54      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the remunerations paid or payable to the external auditor of the
Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Group are set out as below:

                                                                                     Fees payable or paid
                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

Services rendered for the Group
Audit service                                                                            3,100               2,700
Interim results review                                                                   1,000                 800
Other service                                                                               —                   —


Total Fees                                                                               4,100               3,500


INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective internal control system to safeguard the Group’s assets and
shareholders’ interests, and regularly conducts review and on-going monitoring on the risk management and
internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the implementation of the internal control system. Such
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has maintained an internal audit function and has established its internal control system focused on risk
management, including company management policies and systems in written form, clearly defined organizational
structure and responsibilities authorization system, stable and reliable financial management data and reports, and
stringent risk management and appraisal system on the supervision over internal control.

The Group continuously improves and regulates its internal control management policies and systems by strictly
complying with national laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements under the Stock Exchange. Through
objective identification, analysis and evaluation of the enterprise’s risk events as well as in-depth analysis of the
main aspects of internal control, the Group has established its internal control management system covering major
businesses and risk matters regarding its operation and management with limited management resources to focus
on core issues. The Group has adopted three-level risk management and internal control authorization structural
system: the Board, senior management and Group headquarters management center as well as all branches and
subsidiaries. The Board is the supreme decision-making body for the Company’s risk management and internal
control; the senior management and Group headquarters management center achieve effective identification and
control of the risks related to all material matters; and all branches and subsidiaries implement direct risk
management and internal control function for their respective operations.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
     Company:

     —     is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and
           the Listing Rules

     —     conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
           Securities and Futures Commission

     —     has included in the code of conduct of the Company a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential
           or inside information

     —     ensures, through the Company’s own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by
           senior management, the appropriate handling and dissemination of inside information

     The Group has commenced risk assessment by conducting risk ranking, and in the previous year, the significant
     risks were under control and their rankings have dropped. In addition, the Group has formulated risk management
     plan to ensure the identification, assessment, management, control and reporting of all significant risks of the Group
     are carried out according to a unified guideline, and are reported to the senior management, Audit Committee and
     the Board when necessary. Such guideline stipulates the group risk management policies and procedures which are
     carried out with the common risk management methods.

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board has annually reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of the
     implementation of its risk management and internal control systems, which covered all material financial,
     operational and compliance control and risk management. The Company considered them effective and adequate.
     The independent internal control consultant and the internal audit department reported directly to the audit
     committee, compliance committee and/or the Board semi-annually. There were no significant risks identified by the
     independent internal control consultant in the risk assessment.

     In addition, the Board reviewed and considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
     training programmes and relevant budget of the Company’s accounting, risk management, internal audit and
     financial reporting functions.

     The Board considers that the Group was able to maintain established and effective risk management and internal
     control systems during the year ended December 31, 2021.

     COMPANY SECRETARY

     The company secretary of the Company is Ms. Hu Yi (“Ms. Hu”). At present, Ms. Hu is responsible for investor
     relations, corporate finance and corporate governance of the Group.

     In compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Ms. Hu had taken no less than 15 hours of the
     relevant professional training on review of Listing Rules and other compliance requirements during the year ended
     December 31, 2021.




56       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company encourages the Shareholders to attend the general meetings of the Company. Directors, chairman of
each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee (or a
delegated member of the Committee), chairman of the independent board committee (if any) and management will
attend the annual general meeting to answer queries about the Group’s business.

The Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) and for Putting
Forward Proposals at General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 64 of Articles of Association, extraordinary general meeting of the Company shall be convened
on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such
requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company at the headquarter of the
Company in the PRC, which is presently situated at Room 1306, No. 88 Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
200030, for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified
in such requisition and signed by the requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar and upon its confirmation that the
request is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and
accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director is posted on the website of the
Company.

Investor Relations and Communications with Shareholders

The Company holds general meetings which offer a valuable forum for dialogue and interaction with management.
Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at general
meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the general meetings. Shareholders may also put
forward their enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company. The Board members, chairmen or
members of respective Board committees, and external auditor of the Company and such other person as the
Board deems appropriate shall attend the general meetings of the Company to respond to questions addressed to
the Company.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Shareholders, investors and members of the public should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
     Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar. The contact details for the Hong Kong Share Registrar are as follows:

     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
     Shop 1712–1716
     17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
     183 Queen’s Road East
     Wan Chai, Hong Kong
     Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
     Fax: (852) 2865 0990
     Email: hkinfo@computershare.com.hk
     Website: www.computershare.com

     To contact the Company in relation to your query on investor relations, or for Shareholders who intend to put
     forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board, the contact details are as follows:

     Address: Room 1306, No. 88 North Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
     Telephone: (86) 21 54255151 (board secretary office)
     Email: ir@fsygroup.com

     Constitutional Documents

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, there had been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




58      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 64 to 187, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit
or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021          59
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

     Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions


     We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill        Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
     arising from acquisitions of businesses as a key audit     of goodwill arising from acquisitions included:
     matter due to significance of the Group’s goodwill in
     the context of the consolidated financial statements,      •     Obtaining an understanding of the management

     combined with the significant judgements and                     controls over the impairment assessment of

     estimates exercised by the management.                           goodwill;


     As disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial      •     Examining the determination of recoverable

     statements, as at December 31, 2021, the carrying                amounts which are the value in use of CGUs to

     amount of goodwill amounted to approximately                     which goodwill has been allocated and obtaining an

     RMB1,049 million.                                                understanding of financial positions and future
                                                                      prospects of respective CGUs;
     As set out in Note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements, the impairment assessment of goodwill is       •     Obtaining the cash flow forecasts prepared by the

     dependent on certain significant inputs and                      management, reviewing and discussing with the

     estimations that involve the management’s judgement,             management on the major assumptions adopted in

     including the calculation of value in use of each cash-          the cash flow forecasts for each CGUs and

     generating units (“CGUs”) to which goodwill has been             checking arithmetic accuracy of the forecast

     allocated. In estimate the value in use of the CGUs, key         calculation;

     assumptions include projections of cash flows, growth
                                                                •     Comparing cash flow projections to supporting
     rates and discount rates based on the management’s
                                                                      evidence, such as approved budgets, and
     view of future business. Details of such estimations are
                                                                      evaluating the reasonableness of these budgets
     disclosed in Note 17.
                                                                      with reference to the past performance and future
                                                                      prospects of respective CGUs as well as our
                                                                      knowledge of the business;

                                                                •     Comparing the growth rates used to historical
                                                                      growth rates for business of respective CGUs;

                                                                •     Assessing the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
                                                                      management on the significant assumptions to
                                                                      evaluate the extent of impact of these assumptions
                                                                      on the cash flow forecasts; and

                                                                •     Engaging our internal valuation expert to assess the
                                                                      discount rates used in the impairment assessment
                                                                      model by benchmarking against independent data.




60      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          61
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS — continued

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
           fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
           is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
           misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
           forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
           Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the Directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
           conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
           events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.




62       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Jacky Wong Suk Hung.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

March 18, 2022




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         63
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                                2021         2020
                                                                   NOTES    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Revenue                                                          5     2,325,848    1,892,537
     Operating expenditures
       Staff costs                                                           (469,616)    (385,805)
       Construction costs                                                    (167,358)     (76,495)
       Consumed materials and goods                                          (177,538)    (149,109)
       Outsourced service costs                                               (53,122)     (52,906)
       Marketing and sales channel costs                                      (43,986)     (36,072)
       Depreciation and amortisation                                         (146,734)    (136,713)
       Other general operating expenditures                                  (197,643)    (133,406)
       Inventory changes                                                      28,448         5,872
       Impairment losses under expected credit loss model
         (“ELC”), net of reversal                                              (3,821)          —


     Profit from operations                                                 1,094,478      927,903
     Other income, gains and losses                                   6      103,580        61,707
     Share of (loss)/profit of joint ventures                                 (11,577)           4
     Finance costs                                                    7        (7,246)      (9,525)


     Profit before taxation                                           8     1,179,235      980,089
     Income tax expense                                               10     (289,591)    (222,784)


     Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                      889,644       757,305



     Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
       attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                   720,033       620,064
     Non-controlling interests                                               169,611       137,241


                                                                             889,644       757,305



                                                                           RMB cents     RMB cents
     Earnings per share — Basic                                       12         31.6         27.4



                          — Diluted                                   12         31.6         27.3




64      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                            AT DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                                        2021              2020
                                                                   NOTES            RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                               13               582,636           567,924
Right-of-use assets                                                  14               115,122           126,464
Investment property                                                  15                 6,509             6,509
Intangible assets                                                    16               266,335           182,626
Goodwill                                                             17             1,048,660           860,637
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)      24                38,110            38,110
Deposits paid for acquisition leasehold land as cemetery assets                        27,454            89,404
Cemetery assets                                                      18             1,937,662         1,798,059
Investment in an associate                                                              5,750               750
Investment in joint ventures                                         20               190,249            50,709
Restricted deposits                                                  19                69,379            61,403
Deferred tax assets                                                  21                76,630            57,865
Other long-term assets                                                                  5,000             5,000


                                                                                    4,369,496         3,845,460


Current assets
Inventories                                                          22               544,487           502,263
Trade and other receivables                                          23               159,624           113,503
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                24               965,973           982,927
Time deposits                                                        25               285,677                —
Bank balances and cash                                               26             1,075,606         1,234,022
Contract assets                                                                         4,587                —


                                                                                    3,035,954         2,832,715


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                             27               761,339           648,760
Lease liabilities                                                    31                17,276            21,206
Contract liabilities                                                 29                72,508            55,876
Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries              30                27,184            35,919
Income tax liabilities                                                                202,880           160,275
Borrowings                                                           28                    —             13,860


                                                                                    1,081,187           935,896


Net current assets                                                                  1,954,767         1,896,819


Total assets less current liabilities                                               6,324,263         5,742,279




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021     65
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AT DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                                         2021               2020
                                                                    NOTES            RMB’000            RMB’000

     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                31               44,140             51,767
     Contract liabilities                                             29              434,022            377,035
     Deferred tax liabilities                                         21              137,068            138,399
     Other long-term liabilities                                                       36,713             32,992


                                                                                      651,943            600,193


     Net assets                                                                     5,672,320          5,142,086



     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                                    32              142,179            141,510
     Reserves                                                         33            4,901,261          4,426,371


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   5,043,440          4,567,881
     Non-controlling interests                                                        628,880            574,205


     Total equity                                                                   5,672,320          5,142,086


     The consolidated financial statements on page 64 to 187 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
     Directors on March 18, 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            Bai Xiaojiang                                        Wang Jisheng
                                DIRECTOR                                           DIRECTOR




66      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                                                                                         Subtotal
                                                                                                                                     attributable
                                                                                       Statutory                  Share               to owners         Non-
                                          Share    Treasury       Share      Special     surplus      Other      option    Retained        of the controlling
                                         capital     Shares    premium       reserve     reserve    reserve     reserve      profits   Company interests           Total
                                        RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000

At January 1, 2020                       137,748         —     1,283,466      84,667    138,800    (105,993)     59,257    2,445,125    4,043,070    542,143     4,585,213

Profit and total comprehensive
   income for the year                        —          —            —           —          —           —           —      620,064       620,064    137,241      757,305
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)         —          —            —           —          —           —           —           —             —       8,960        8,960
Dividends recognized as distributions
   (Note 11)                                  —          —      (155,484)         —          —           —           —            —      (155,484)         —      (155,484)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries               —          —            —           —          —           —           —            —            —     (139,406)    (139,406)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve         —          —            —           —      39,003          —           —       (39,003)          —           —            —
Capital contribution from
   non-controlling shareholders
   of subsidiaries                            —          —            —           —          —           —           —            —            —      25,267       25,267
Shares purchased by trustee under
   the restricted share incentive
   scheme (Note 34(b))                        —    (187,711)         —            —          —           —           —            —      (187,711)         —      (187,711)
Exercise of share options                  3,762         —      294,327           —          —           —      (51,754)          —       246,335          —       246,335
Share-based compensation                      —          —           —            —          —           —        1,607           —         1,607          —         1,607

At December 31, 2020                     141,510   (187,711) 1,422,309        84,667    177,803    (105,993)      9,110    3,026,186    4,567,881    574,205     5,142,086


Profit and total comprehensive
   income for the year                        —          —            —           —          —           —           —      720,033       720,033    169,611      889,644
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)         —          —            —           —          —           —           —           —             —        (690)        (690)
Dividends recognized as distributions
   (Note 11)                                  —          —      (214,346)         —          —           —           —            —      (214,346)         —      (214,346)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   shareholders of subsidiaries               —          —            —           —          —           —           —            —            —     (128,437)    (128,437)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve         —          —            —           —      15,299          —           —       (15,299)          —           —            —
Capital contribution from
   non-controlling shareholders
   of subsidiaries                            —          —            —           —          —           —           —            —            —      14,191       14,191
Shares purchased by trustee under
   the restricted share incentive
   scheme (Note 34(b))                       —      (71,958)         —            —          —           —           —            —       (71,958)         —       (71,958)
Exercise of share options                   669          —       50,271           —          —           —       (9,110)          —         41,830         —        41,830

At December 31, 2021                     142,179   (259,669) 1,258,234        84,667    193,102    (105,993)         —     3,730,920    5,043,440    628,880     5,672,320




                                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                            Annual Report 2021                    67
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                               2021         2020
                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000

     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before taxation                                                1,179,235     980,089
     Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                             7,246       9,525
     Interest income                                                         (14,869)     (33,788)
     Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                 (27,966)     (18,638)
     Depreciation of property and equipment                                  51,321       52,290
     Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                     23,802       23,200
     Amortisation of cemetery assets                                         62,293       54,122
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                         9,318       7,101
     Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                             572        1,232
     Share of loss/(profit) of joint ventures                                11,577            (4)
     Bargain purchase gain from acquisition                                      —           (204)
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal       3,821           —
     Expense recognized in respect of share-based compensation                    —        1,607


     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital              1,306,350    1,076,532
     Increase in restricted deposits                                          (7,976)      (5,135)
     Increase in cemetery assets and inventories                             (47,617)     (93,071)
     Increase in deposits paid for acquisition of
       leasehold land as cemetery assets                                      (8,070)     (80,350)
     Increase in trade and other receivables                                 (65,741)     (11,938)
     Increase in trade and other payables                                    13,238       97,861
     Increase in contract liabilities                                        73,463       47,354


     Cash generated from operations                                        1,263,647    1,031,253
     Income taxes paid                                                      (271,278)    (208,904)


     NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                     992,369      822,349




68      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of and deposits paid for property and equipment and landscape
  and facilities                                                                   (123,181)           (100,209)
Prepayments and purchase of computer software                                        (5,449)             (6,209)
Payment for concession agreement                                                    (43,950)            (11,785)
Payment for right-of-use asset                                                       (3,022)                 —
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                        1,266               2,283
Considerations paid for acquisition of subsidiaries                                 (99,224)           (484,312)
Repayment of entrusted loans                                                          6,950               2,000
Interest received                                                                    17,063              37,627
Received gain from fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                   27,131              23,371
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                              —              233,959
Placement of time deposits                                                         (285,677)           (225,500)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                              (910,621)         (1,494,627)
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                                             927,575             929,280
Investment in an associate                                                           (5,000)                 —
Investment in joint ventures                                                       (152,161)            (14,964)


NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                              (648,300)         (1,109,086)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New borrowings raised                                                                 5,000                  —
Repayment of borrowings                                                             (54,360)            (42,500)
Loans raised from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                            200                —
Repayments to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                           (9,000)            (14,000)
Investment from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                         14,191              25,267
Interest paid                                                                        (3,220)             (7,030)
Repayments of loan from the third parties                                           (56,800)            (54,368)
Acquisition of non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                          (1,100)           (135,151)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                     (128,437)           (139,406)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                            (214,346)           (155,484)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                              41,830             246,335
Payment for shares purchased by trustee under the restricted share
  incentive scheme                                                                  (71,958)           (187,711)
Repayments of leases liabilities                                                    (23,884)            (22,085)
Repayments of other long-term liabilities                                                 (601)            (250)


NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                              (502,485)           (486,383)




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021     69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


                                                                           2021         2020
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000

     NET DECREASE CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                             (158,416)    (773,120)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE
      BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                                            1,234,022    2,007,142


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
      REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                            1,075,606    1,234,022




70     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated on January 5, 2012 as
     an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Act of Cayman
     Islands and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     December 19, 2013. The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in the annual report. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) are mainly engaged in the sale of burial plots, provision of funeral services and provision of cemetery
     maintenance services as set out in Note 42.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”)

     Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board, for the first time, which are mandatory effective for the annual period beginning
     on or after January 1, 2021 for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
       IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

     In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (the “Committee”)
     of the International Accounting Standards Board issued in June 2021 which clarified the costs an entity
     should include as “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when determining the net realisable value of
     inventories.

     In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16 COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions
     beyond June 30 2021.

     The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     2.     APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
            (“IFRSs”) — continued

            Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — Continued

            2.1   Impacts on early application of Amendment to IFRS 16 COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions
                  beyond 30 June 2021

                  The Group has early applied the amendment in the current year. The amendment extends the availability
                  of the practical expedient in paragraph 46A of IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”) by one year so that the
                  practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects only
                  payments originally due on or before June 30 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the
                  practical expedient are met.

                  The application of this amendment has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
                  performance for the current and prior years.

            2.2   Impacts on application of the agenda decision of the Committee-Cost necessary to sell
                  inventories (IAS 2 Inventories)

                  In June 2021, the Committee, through its agenda decision, clarified the costs an entity should include as
                  “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when determining the net realisable value of inventories.
                  In particular, whether such costs should be limited to those that are incremental to the sale. The
                  Committee concluded that the estimated costs necessary to make the sale should not be limited to
                  those that are incremental but should also include costs that an entity must incur to sell its inventories
                  including those that are not incremental to a particular sale.

                  The Group’s accounting policy prior to the Committee’s agenda decision was to determine the net
                  realisable value of inventories taking into consideration incremental costs only. Upon application of the
                  Committee’s agenda decision, the Group changed its accounting policy to determine the net realisable
                  value of inventories taking into consideration both incremental costs and other cost necessary to sell
                  inventories (such as staff costs of sales employees). The new accounting policy has been applied
                  retrospectively.

                  The application of the Committee’s agenda decision has had no material impact on the Group’s
                  financial positions and performance.




72        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“IFRSs”) — continued

     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:

     IFRS 17                           Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 2
     Amendments to IFRS 3              Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
       IAS 28                            Joint Venture 3
     Amendments to IAS 1               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2
     Amendments to IAS 1 and           Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2
       IFRS Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to IAS 8               Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
     Amendments to IAS 12              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                         Transaction 2
     Amendments to IAS 16              Property, Plant and Equipment:Proceeds before Intended Use 1
     Amendments to IAS 37              Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1
     Amendments to IFRS                Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 1
      Standards
     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022.
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

     Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the application
     of all the new and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements
     in the foreseeable future.

     Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

     The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax
     assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
     initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

     As disclosed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing transactions in which the tax
     deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the relevant
     assets and liabilities as a whole. Temporary differences relating to relevant assets and liabilities are assessed
     on a net basis.

     Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognize a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
     probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised)
     and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with the
     right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.

     The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with early
     application permitted. As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease
     liabilities which are subject to the amendments amounted to RMB115,122,000 and RMB61,416,000
     respectively. The Group is still in the process of assessing the full impact of the application of the
     amendments.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021         73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the
                  IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
                  material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
                  addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
                  Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies
                  Ordinance.

                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
                  properties and financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period,
                  as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

                  Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
                  services.

                  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
                  directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an
                  asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
                  participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
                  measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
                  financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that
                  are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are accounted for in
                  accordance with IFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
                  value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

                  A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
                  generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
                  market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

                  For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
                  technique that unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the
                  valuation technique is calibrated so that an initial recognition the results of the valuation technique
                  equals the transaction price.

                  In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3
                  based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
                  significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

                  •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                        the entity can access at the measurement date;

                  •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
                        the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

                  •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.



74        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
           controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where the Group:

           •     has power over the investee;

           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
           there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
           investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities
           of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
           whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

           •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
                 other vote holders;

           •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

           •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

           •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
                 current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including
                 voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
           when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
           acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
           other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
           ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
           to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
           non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
           accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021           75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Basis of consolidation — continued

                  All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
                  represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
                  relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                  Changes in the Group interests in existing subsidiaries

                  Changes in the Group interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
                  subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
                  components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
                  relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
                  the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interest’s proportionate
                  interests.

                  Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
                  value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of
                  the Company.

                  Business combinations or asset acquisitions

                  Optional concentration test

                  The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
                  permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business.
                  The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
                  concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under
                  assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the
                  effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
                  determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

                  Asset acquisitions

                  When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
                  identifies and recognizes the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
                  the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining
                  balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis
                  of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or
                  bargain purchase gain.




76        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Business combinations or asset acquisitions — continued

           Business combinations

           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
           transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the
           acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the
           former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
           the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

           Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must
           meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards Committee’s
           Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
           Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).

           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at
           their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

           •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements
                 are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                 Benefits respectively;

           •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                 share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                 arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                 the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

           •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5
                 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
                 that standard; and

           •     lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                 (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                 for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                 underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the same
                 amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                 lease when compared with market terms.

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
           non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
           interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
           assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
           acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
           non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the
           acquiree (if any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a Bargain purchase gain from
           acquisition.
                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021           77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Business combinations or asset acquisitions — continued

                  Business combinations — continued

                  Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
                  share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the
                  non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable
                  net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction
                  basis.

                  When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
                  consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
                  and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
                  value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
                  retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
                  obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
                  about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

                  The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
                  adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is
                  classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
                  accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
                  remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
                  recognised in profit or loss.

                  When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
                  acquire is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
                  and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
                  appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have
                  previously been recognized in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 Financial
                  Instruments (“IFRS 9”) would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had
                  disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

                  If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
                  which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
                  accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
                  “measurement period” (see above), measurement period, and additional assets or liabilities are
                  recognized, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the
                  acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date.




78        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Goodwill

           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
           acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
           any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
           units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
           combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
           management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
           tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
           impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group
           of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end
           of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying
           amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to
           the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of
           each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

           On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
           cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
           amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the
           cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
           goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
           cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of CGUs)
           retained.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Investments in associates and joint ventures

                  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
                  power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
                  joint control over those policies.

                  A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
                  rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
                  control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
                  unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

                  The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
                  consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
                  associates and joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
                  accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
                  Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognize in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s
                  share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. Changes in
                  net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
                  not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
                  When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that
                  associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
                  Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share
                  of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
                  constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                  An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
                  on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an
                  associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net
                  fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognized as goodwill, which is
                  included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
                  value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is
                  recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

                  The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
                  venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
                  investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
                  comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its
                  carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that
                  forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized
                  in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
                  increases.




80        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
           venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss
           being recognized in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint
           venture and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the
           retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial
           recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair
           value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing the relevant interest in the associate or
           joint venture is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint
           venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
           income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that
           associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or
           loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be
           reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the
           gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal
           of the relevant associate or joint venture.

           The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
           investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate.
           There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

           When the Group reduces its ownership interest in a joint venture but the Group continues to use the
           equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
           previously been recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership
           interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or
           liabilities.

           When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
           resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group’s
           consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are
           not related to the Group.

           Revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
           the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligations is transferred to the customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021          81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Revenue from contracts with customers — continued

                  Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress
                  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                  met:

                  •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                         performance as the Group performs;

                  •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                         performs; or

                  •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                         Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                  Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                  good or service.

                  A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                  the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
                  accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                  consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
                  which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

                  A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
                  on a net basis.

                  Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

                  For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transactions
                  price to each performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

                  The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
                  determined at inception date. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or
                  service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group
                  estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any
                  performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group experts to be entitled in
                  exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to customer.

                  Over time revenue recognition:measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                  performance obligation




82        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Revenue from contracts with customers — continued

           Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price) — continued

           The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
           expected cost, which is to recognize revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the
           goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
           promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods
           or services.

           Principal versus agent

           When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
           whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services
           itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other
           party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

           The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
           transferred to a customer.

           The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good
           or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service
           provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group
           acts as an agent, it recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be
           entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

           Contract costs

           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract

           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
           a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

           The Group recognizes such costs (sales commission) as an asset if it expects to recover these costs.
           The asset so recognized is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
           consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.

           The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if
           these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021          83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Costs to fulfil a contract

                  The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in service contracts. The Group first assesses whether these
                  costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognizes
                  an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                  (a)   the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
                        identify;

                  (b)   the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                        continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                  (c)   the costs are expected to be recovered.

                  The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                  consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The
                  asset is subject to impairment review.

                  Leases

                  Definition of a lease

                  A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
                  asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

                  For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS16 or arising from
                  business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the
                  definition under IFRS 16 at inception modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
                  contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
                  changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis
                  when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not
                  differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

                  The Group as a lessee

                  Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

                  For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
                  components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
                  basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
                  the non-lease components.

                  Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone
                  prices.




84        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of
           low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over
           the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                 received;

           •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

           •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                 assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                 required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                 inventories.

           Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model,
           right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities
           resulting from COVID-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.

           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
           leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the
           useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its
           estimated useful life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets that directly related to Cemetery in cemetery assets and
           transfer to inventory upon commencement of development.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property and
           cemetery assets or inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Leases — continued

                  The Group as a lessee — continued

                  Refundable rental deposits

                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                  Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
                  in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                  Lease liabilities

                  At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
                  present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
                  payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
                  interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                  The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
                  incentives receivable.

                  Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
                  market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                  index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
                  recognized as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                  After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

                  The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
                  right-of-use assets) whenever:

                  •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                        option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                        payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

                  •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
                        which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                        using the initial discount rate.

                  The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                  position.




86        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Lease modifications

           Except for COVID-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the
           Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                 assets; and

           •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                 for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                 circumstances of the particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
           liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
           revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
           the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
           more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
           contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component
           and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

           COVID-19-related rent concessions

           In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
           Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease
           modification if all of the following conditions are met:

           •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
                 same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

           •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before June 30, 2021;
                 and

           •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

           A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
           concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not a
           lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease
           payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a
           corresponding adjustment recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.



                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  The Group as a lessor

                  Classification and measurement of leases

                  Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms
                  of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
                  asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as
                  operating leases.

                  Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
                  of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are
                  added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an expense on a
                  straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
                  model.

                  Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

                  When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
                  from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
                  components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
                  stand-alone selling prices.

                  Refundable rental deposits

                  Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                  Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

                  Sublease

                  When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two
                  separate contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the
                  right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.




88        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           The Group as a lessor — continued

           Lease modification

           Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
           accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or
           reduction of rentals.

           Operating leases

           The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
           the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
           part of the lease payments for the new lease.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
           than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges
           prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
           denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
           items, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021       89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Borrowing costs

                  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
                  which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or
                  sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
                  intended use or sale.

                  Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
                  sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
                  borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
                  their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

                  All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

                  Government grants

                  Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
                  with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                  Government grants that are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
                  the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
                  Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
                  or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognized as a deduction from the carrying amount of the
                  relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a
                  systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

                  Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
                  already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
                  related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants
                  are presented under “other income, gains and losses”.




90        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Employee benefits

           Retirement benefit costs

           Payments to the state-managed retirement benefit scheme and Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in
           Hong Kong which was established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in
           December 2000 (the “MPF Scheme”) which are defined contribution schemes, are charged as an
           expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
           be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized
           as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an
           asset.

           A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
           and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

           Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to the Directors and employees are measured at the fair value of
           the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair values of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant-date without taking
           into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
           period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
           corresponding increase in equity (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
           revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all
           relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
           recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
           corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

           When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
           exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to retained profits.

           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
           transferred to share premium.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021          91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Taxation

                  Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

                  The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
                  before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
                  that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
                  have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                  Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                  liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
                  computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary
                  differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the
                  extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
                  differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary
                  difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
                  liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,
                  deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
                  goodwill.

                  Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                  subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                  temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
                  future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
                  investments are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
                  profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
                  reverse in the foreseeable future.

                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
                  to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
                  part of the asset to be recovered.

                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
                  in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
                  enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
                  from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
                  carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




92        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Taxation — continued

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
           value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
           sales, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
           depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
           economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sales.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the
           right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
           deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences
           relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation
           on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net
           deductible temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
           assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
           recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred
           tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current
           tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is
           included in the accounting for the business combination.

           Property and equipment

           Property and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
           services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below) are
           stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
           depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
           cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
           asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
           the management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
           accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
           commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021           93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Property and equipment — continued

                  When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold
                  land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
                  building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
                  allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
                  “right-of-use assets” and “cemetery asset” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
                  consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
                  the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

                  Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction
                  less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
                  useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
                  with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

                  An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
                  are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
                  retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
                  proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

                  Investment property

                  Investment property is property held to earn rentals and capital appreciation.

                  Investment property is initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
                  Subsequent to initial recognition, investment property is measured at its fair value, adjusted to exclude
                  any prepaid or accrued operating lease income.

                  Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment property is included in profit or loss
                  for the period in which it arise.

                  An investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
                  withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss
                  arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
                  and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
                  derecognized.




94        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Intangible assets

           Intangible assets acquired separately

           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
           with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
           estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
           effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with
           indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
           impairment losses.

           When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for
           providing construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognizes an intangible asset at
           fair value upon initial recognition. The intangible asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
           and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognized on a straight-line basis over their
           estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
           each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
           basis.

           Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
           phase of an internal project) is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

           •        the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

           •        the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

           •        the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

           •        how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

           •        the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                    and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

           •        the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                    development.

           The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
           incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
           no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognized in
           profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.



                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021           95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Intangible assets — continued

                  Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure — continued

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                  accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
                  assets that are acquired separately.

                  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

                  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are
                  initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
                  lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
                  the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
                  business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
                  impairment losses.

                  An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
                  from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at
                  the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are
                  recognized in profit or loss in the period when the asset is derecognized.

                  Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
                  goodwill

                  At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
                  equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is
                  any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
                  recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if
                  any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are
                  tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                  The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
                  estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
                  Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                  In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
                  cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
                  otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and
                  consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the
                  cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
                  compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
                  units.


96        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
           goodwill — continued

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
           in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
           amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable
           amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable
           and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of
           cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate
           assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
           cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce
           the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
           based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
           carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
           measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would
           otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the
           group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a
           cash-generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its
           recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
           that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a
           cash-generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment
           loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

           Cemetery assets

           Cemetery assets consist of leasehold land, cost of initial land development, and cost of landscaping for
           the general public areas of the cemetery, except for the leasehold land element which is measured at
           cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets are
           carried at the lower of costs less accumulated amortisation and net realizable value prior to the
           commencement of development of the cemetery. Amortisation for cemetery assets is provided on a
           straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the cemetery assets and is recognized in profit or
           loss.

           Upon commencement of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course
           of business of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to
           inventories.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


     3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
            ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

            3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                  Inventories

                  Inventories include cemetery assets developed and ready for sale, cemetery assets under development,
                  and tombstones and urns. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured at cost model in
                  accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets under development,
                  and tombstones and urns are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated
                  using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for
                  inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
                  necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
                  non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

                  Provisions

                  Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
                  a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
                  estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                  The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
                  present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
                  surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
                  present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
                  time value of money is material).

                  Financial instruments

                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the
                  contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
                  recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
                  sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or
                  convention in the market place.

                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
                  arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
                  Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
                  liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the
                  fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
                  costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
                  recognized immediately in profit or loss.

                  The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                  financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
                  effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
                  (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
                  transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
                  financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
                  recognition.


98        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                 flows; and

           •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                 principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through
           other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

           •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                 collecting contractual cash flows; and

           •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                 principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial
           application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
           subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
           investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a
           business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

           A financial asset is held for trading if:

           •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

           •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                 manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

           •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

           In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
           the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
           accounting mismatch.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021         99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
             ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

             3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                   Financial instruments — continued

                   Financial assets — continued

                   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets — continued

                   (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                          Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                          subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
                          FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                          amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become
                          credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
                          interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the
                          financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit impaired financial
                          instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                          recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                          asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no
                          longer credit impaired.

                   (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                          Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                          designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                          Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                          fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or
                          loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
                          income, gains and losses” line item.

                   Impairment of financial assets

                   The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
                   assets (including trade and other receivables, time deposits, bank balances and cash and restricted
                   deposits) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at
                   each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

                   Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
                   the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
                   that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
                   Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
                   are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
                   conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.




100        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets — continued

           The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing
           component.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
           has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognized lifetime ECL.
           The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the
           likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

                 In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                 compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                 the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                 making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                 reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                 is available without undue cost or effort.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                 has increased significantly:

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                        available) or internal credit rating;

                 •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                        in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                 •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                        expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                 •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations.

                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                 increased since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due,
                 unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021           101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
             ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

             3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                   Financial instruments — continued

                   Financial assets — continued

                   Impairment of financial assets — continued

                   (i)     Significant increase in credit risk — continued

                           Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
                           increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
                           credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has
                           a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                           obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
                           longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
                           cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has
                           an internal or external credit rating of investment grade as per globally understood definitions.

                           The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                           been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria
                           are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

                   (ii)    Definition of default

                           For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                           information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                           unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                           held by the Group).

                           Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                           more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                           demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                   (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental
                           impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                           financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                           (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                           (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                           (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                                 financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                                 not otherwise consider; or

                           (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                 reorganization.




102        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets — continued

           (iv)   Write-off policy

                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                  in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                  counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                  Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                  recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                  derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.

           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                  magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                  probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                  information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                  determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
                  practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                  consideration historical credit loss experience and forward-looking information that is available
                  without undue cost or effort.

                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                  in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                  at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                  Lifetime ECL for certain trade and other receivables are considered on a collective basis taking
                  into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                  macroeconomic information.

                  For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                  formulating the grouping:

                  •     Nature of financial instruments;

                  •     Past-due status; and

                  •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management to ensure the constituents of each group
                  continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.



                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021          103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
             ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

             3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

                   Financial instruments — continued

                   Financial assets — continued

                   Impairment of financial assets — continued

                   (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL — continued

                           Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                           financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised
                           cost of the financial asset.

                           The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                           adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables where the
                           corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.

                   Derecognition of financial assets

                   The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
                   asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
                   ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
                   risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its
                   retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
                   retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
                   continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralised borrowing for the
                   proceeds received.

                   On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
                   carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or
                   loss.

                   Financial liabilities and equity

                   Classification as debt or equity

                   Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                   the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                   instrument.




104        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     3.2   Significant accounting policies — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial liabilities and equity — continued

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue costs.

           Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No
           gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
           own equity instruments.

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost

           Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings and loans from non-controlling
           shareholders of subsidiaries are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
           method.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
           liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.

           Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

           A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
           financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
           recognized amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the
           liability simultaneously.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021         105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      4.     KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

             In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the Directors are required
             to make judgement, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
             not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
             experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
             estimates.

             The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
             estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
             or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

             The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
             reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
             assets and liabilities within the next financial year are as follows:

             Estimated impairment of goodwill

             The impairment assessment of goodwill is dependent on certain significant inputs and estimations that involve
             the management’s judgement, including the calculation of the value in use of each cash-generating unit to
             which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash
             flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit, growth rate and a suitable discount rate in order to
             calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and
             circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a
             material impairment may arise. As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of goodwill are approximately
             RMB1,048,660 (2020: RMB860,637,000). Details of recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 17.

             Estimated provisions for litigation claims

             The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account all
             available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognized for litigation claim if the
             Directors consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable estimate can be made
             on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present obligation exists, the Group
             should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in settlement
             is remote. Details of the contingent liabilities of the Group as at December 31, 2021 are disclosed in Note 45.
             As at December 31, 2021, the Directors are of the view that no provision shall necessarily be made on
             litigation claims after taking into account of the opinion of legal counsels and the status of the litigations.




106        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

     Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets intangible
     assets and cemetery assets

     The management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation or amortisation method in
     determining the related depreciation or amortisation charges for its property and equipment, right-of-use
     assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets. This estimate is based on the management’s experience of the
     actual useful lives of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets of
     similar nature and functions. In addition, management assesses impairment whenever events or changes in
     circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an item of property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
     intangible assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets may not be recoverable. Management will increase
     the depreciation or amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will
     write off or write down obsolete assets that have been abandoned or impaired. When the actual useful lives or
     recoverable amounts of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets
     differ from the original estimates, adjustment will be made and recognized in the period in which such event
     takes place.

     As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of property and equipment are approximately
     RMB582,636,000 (2020: RMB567,924,000). No impairment indicators on property and equipment were
     identified during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Details of movement are disclosed in Note
     13. As at December 31, 2021 the carrying amounts of intangible assets are approximately RMB266,335,000
     (2020: RMB182,626,000). No impairment indicators on intangible assets were identified during the years
     ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 16. As at December 31,
     2021, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets are approximately RMB115,122,000 (2020:
     RMB126,464,000). No impairment indicators on right-of-use assets were identified during the year ended
     December 31, 2021 and 2020. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 14. As at December 31, 2021, the
     carrying amounts of cemetery assets are approximately RMB1,937,662,000 (2020: RMB1,798,059,000). No
     impairment indicators on cemetery assets were identified during the year ended December 31, 2021 and
     2020. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 18.

     Estimated cemetery maintenance income

     The Group estimates cemetery maintenance income to be separated performance obligation from the sale of
     burial plots each period. The consideration of cemetery maintenance income is determined by the expected
     cost plus a margin approach. The expected cost is based on cost of maintaining the cemetery over the
     service period, which includes labour cost, general and administrative expenses, and cost of maintenance of
     landscaping. The Group also considered factors such as increase in labour cost in future periods when
     estimating cemetery maintenance expense. Cemetery maintenance expense is marked up at a reasonable
     profit and is allocated to individual transaction to arrive at the amount of cemetery maintenance service price.
     The transaction price allocated to these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial
     sales transaction and is released based on expected cost over the period of service. Contract liability is
     reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If it is considered that cemetery maintenance income to be
     released is insufficient to cover the expected cost of maintenance, the Group will adjust the consideration of
     cemetery maintenance income in contract liabilities to fully cover the expected cost of maintenance. As at
     December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of contract liabilities for cemetery maintenance services are
     approximately RMB467,804,000 (2020: RMB404,595,000), as disclosed in Note 29.



                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      5.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

             A.   For the year ended December 31, 2021

                  (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

                         Geographical markets
                         Mainland China                                                        2,325,848            1,892,537



                         Timing of revenue recognition
                         A point in time                                                       2,232,447            1,839,213
                         Over time                                                                93,401               53,324


                         Total                                                                 2,325,848            1,892,537


                  (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                         Sales of burial plots with maintenance services

                         The Group sells burial plots and provide cemetery maintenance services.

                         Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the control of burial plots is transferred
                         to the customer, being when the right to use of burial plots has been passed. Payment of the
                         transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the burial plots.

                         The cemetery maintenance service is considered to be a distinct service. Transaction price is
                         allocated between sales of burial plots and the maintenance services. The contract price for the
                         cemetery maintenance services is based on a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair
                         value of such services. The Group estimates the fair value of the cemetery maintenance service
                         income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing such cemetery maintenance
                         services plus a reasonable margin, less total future maintenance fees to be received. Revenue
                         relating to the maintenance services is recognized over time. The transaction price allocated to
                         these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial sales transaction and is
                         released based on expected cost over the period of service.




108        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2021 — continued

          (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers — continued

                  Sales of funeral services

                  The Group offers services of planning funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting
                  of the funeral. Revenue from funeral services is recognized when services are provided. Except for
                  sales of pre-need contracts and services offered to local funeral administration authority, payment
                  of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the funeral services are provided. For
                  services offered to local funeral administration authority, the credit term is 0 –90 days upon service
                  provided.

                  Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death
                  occurring. The payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, which gives rise to contract
                  liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is
                  offered.

          (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with
                  customers

                  The transaction price of cemetery maintenance services allocated to the remaining performance
                  obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2021 and the expected timing
                  of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                 Cemetery Maintenance Services
                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Within one year                                                         33,782               27,560
                  More than one year                                                     434,022              377,035


                  Total                                                                  467,804              404,595


                  Regarding the nature of the pre-need contracts amounted to RMB38,726,000 (2020:
                  RMB28,316,000), the expected timing of revenue recognition is based on the request of the
                  customers.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021          109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      5.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

             B.   Operating Segments

                  Information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, being the Group’s chief operating decision
                  maker (“CODM”), for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing
                  performance, focuses on the products and services delivered or provided.

                  The Group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows:

                  •       Burial services — sale of burial plots and provision of cemetery maintenance services.

                  •       Funeral services — planning of funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting of the
                          funeral.

                  •       Others services — including provision of landscape and garden design services, construction
                          services, and production and sale of cremation machines and the related maintenance services.

                  Segment revenues and results

                  The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
                  segments:

                                                        Burial    Funeral       Other     Segment
                                                      services    services    services        Total   Eliminated        Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

                  For the year ended December 31,
                      2021:
                  External sales                     1,907,676    331,970      86,202     2,325,848           —     2,325,848
                  Inter-segment sales                       —          —       18,467       18,467       (18,467)          —


                  Total                              1,907,676    331,970     104,669     2,344,315      (18,467)   2,325,848


                  Segment profit (loss)              1,058,903     49,596      (18,240)   1,090,259        4,219    1,094,478


                  Other income, gains and losses                                                                     103,580
                  Finance costs                                                                                        (7,246)
                  Share of loss of joint ventures                                                                     (11,577)


                  Profit before taxation                                                                            1,179,235




110        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments — continued

          Segment revenues and results — continued

                                                 Burial    Funeral       Other   Segment
                                               services   services   services        Total   Eliminated        Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

          For the year ended December 31,
            2020:
          External sales                      1,579,143   252,938       60,456   1,892,537           —     1,892,537
          Inter-segment sales                        —         —        23,616     23,616       (23,616)          —


          Total                               1,579,143   252,938       84,072   1,916,153      (23,616)   1,892,537


          Segment profit                       901,055     28,006        3,321    932,382        (4,479)    927,903


          Other income, gains and losses                                                                     61,707
          Finance costs                                                                                       (9,525)
          Share of profit of joint ventures                                                                        4


          Profit before taxation                                                                            980,089


          Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

          The accounting policies of the operating segments are same as those of the Group’s accounting
          policies. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other
          income, gains and losses, share of (loss)/profit of joint ventures and finance costs. The CODM makes
          decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset and segment
          liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of
          resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment
          results are presented.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      5.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

             Geographical information

             The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue from burial services and funeral services by
             region:

                                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000



             Shanghai                                                                       997,379             860,062
             Henan                                                                          124,785             122,959
             Chongqing                                                                        91,423              76,967
             Anhui                                                                          213,450             177,233
             Shandong                                                                         98,855              94,232
             Liaoning                                                                       191,793             153,949
             Jiangxi                                                                        122,731               93,764
             Fujian                                                                           48,821              37,983
             Zhejiang                                                                         43,793              36,117
             Jiangsu                                                                        111,443               81,212
             Guangxi                                                                          19,210              17,975
             Inner Mongolia                                                                   17,600              15,569
             Guizhou                                                                          52,387              32,234
             Hubei                                                                               801                 719
             Heilongjiang                                                                     88,951              30,498
             Gansu                                                                            16,224                 608


             Total                                                                         2,239,646           1,832,081


             Information about major customers

             No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended December 31,
             2021 and 2020.




112        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


6.   OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

     Other income:
     Interest income — bank deposits                                                     14,869               33,788
     Government grants (note 1)                                                          33,868               19,657
     Management service income                                                            7,974                   —
     Other service income (note 2)                                                       13,207                   —


                                                                                         69,918               53,445


     Net gains and losses:
     Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                        (572)               (1,232)
     Donation                                                                            (1,560)               (1,670)
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                           (3,273)               (6,411)
     Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                             27,966               18,638
     Bargain purchase gain from acquisition                                                  —                    204
     Others                                                                              11,101                (1,267)


                                                                                         33,662                8,262


     Other income, gains and losses                                                     103,580               61,707


     Note 1:    The government grants represented the amount received from the local government by certain operating
                subsidiaries of the Group to encourage the economic contributions to the society without any specific
                conditions.

     Note 2:    Other service income related to a one-off income from an entity invested by Hainan Tongyuan Equity
                Investment Partners Corporation (Limited Partnership) (“Hainan Tongyuan”) in accordance with the service
                contract.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021           113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      7.     FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                              2021       2020
                                                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000

             Interest on:
             — borrowings                                                                     1,812     2,579
             — loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries (Note 30)              1,473     2,778
             — lease liabilities                                                              2,887     2,692
             — other long-term liabilities                                                    1,074     1,476


             Total finance costs                                                              7,246     9,525


      8.     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

             Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                              2021       2020
                                                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000

             Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration:
             Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits                                      437,887   377,487
             Contributions to retirement benefits schemes (Note 39)                          31,729     6,711
             Share-based compensation                                                            —      1,607


             Total staff costs                                                              469,616   385,805


             Depreciation of property and equipment                                          51,321    52,290
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                9,318     7,101
             Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                 62,293    54,122
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             23,802    23,200
             Auditor’s remuneration                                                           4,100     3,500


      9.     DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

             Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the Directors are as follows:

                                                                                              2021       2020
                                                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000

             Directors’ fees                                                                  8,880     8,880
             Other emoluments
               Discretionary bonus                                                            2,000     2,000
               Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                     76         90
               Share-based compensation                                                         —         368


                                                                                             10,956    11,338



114        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     The emoluments of the Directors on a named basis are as follows:

     For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                             Chief
                                                         Executive
                                                            Wang             Bai     Tan Leon
                                                          Jisheng       Xiaojiang         Li-an        Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

     A) Executive Directors


     Directors’ fees                                         3,600         3,600           240         7,440
     Discretionary bonus                                     1,000         1,000            —          2,000
     Contributions to retirement benefits scheme               38             38             —            76
     Share-based compensation                                  —              —              —            —


     Sub-total                                               4,638         4,638           240         9,516

     The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
     of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                             Huang
                                             James
                                       Chih-Cheng Lu Hesheng            Ma Xiang    Zhou Lijie         Total
                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                           (Note)        (Note)

     B) Non-Executive Directors


     Directors’ fees                               240        240             55           185           720
     Discretionary bonus                            —          —              —             —             —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                              —           —             —              —            —
     Share-based compensation                       —           —             —              —            —


     Sub-total                                     240        240             55           185           720

     The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
     its subsidiaries.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021       115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      9.     DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

             For the year ended December 31, 2021 — continued

                                                 Chen            Luo                         Liang
                                                Qunlin       Zhuping        Ho Man         Yanjun       Chen Xin          Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Note)

             C) Independent
                  Non-Executive
                  Directors


             Directors’ fees                        —            240            240            240             —            720
             Discretionary bonus                    —              —             —              —              —             —
             Contributions to retirement
             benefits scheme                        —              —             —              —              —             —
             Share-based compensation
               expenses                             —              —             —              —              —             —


             Sub-total                              —            240            240            240             —            720


             Note: Ma Xiang resigned on March 24, 2021; Zhou Lijie was appointed as non-executive director of the Company on March
                   24, 2021; and Chen Xin was appointed as independent non-executive director of the Company on January 21, 2021.


             The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
             Company.

             Chen Qunlin and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or
             the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.




116        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     For the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                            Chief
                                                        Executive
                                                            Wang                       Tan Leon
                                                          Jisheng Bai Xiaojiang           Li-an         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

     A) Executive Directors


     Directors’ fees                                        3,600         3,600            240         7,440
     Discretionary bonus                                    1,000         1,000             —          2,000
     Contributions to retirement benefits scheme               45            45              —            90
     Share-based compensation                                 161           161              —           322


     Sub-total                                              4,806         4,806            240         9,852

     The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
     of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                                           Huang
                                                           James
                                                      Chih-Cheng    Lu Hesheng         Ma Xiang         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

     B) Non-Executive Directors


     Directors’ fees                                          240           240            240           720
     Discretionary bonus                                       —             —              —             —
     Contributions to retirement benefits scheme               —              —              —            —
     Share-based compensation                                  —             16              —            16


     Sub-total                                                240           256            240           736

     The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
     its subsidiaries.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021       117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      9.     DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

             For the year ended December 31, 2020 — continued

                                                  Chen Qunlin   Luo Zhuping         Ho Man Liang Yanjun              Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

             C) Independent Non-Executive
                  Directors


             Directors’ fees                               —             240            240             240            720
             Discretionary bonus                           —              —              —               —              —
             Contributions to retirement
               benefits scheme                             —              —               —              —              —
             Share-based compensation                      10             10             10              —              30


             Sub-total                                     10            250            250             240            750

             The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
             Company.

             Chen Qunlin was paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief
             executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

             The five highest paid individuals of the Group included two directors (2020: two) for the year ended December
             31, 2021. The remuneration of the remaining three (2020: three) individuals who are neither a director nor chief
             executive of the Company during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

             Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                 4,150                3,990
             Discretionary bonus                                                                2,000                1,700
             Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                          115                   89
             Share-based compensation                                                              —                    81


                                                                                                6,265                5,860




118        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:

                                                                                      Number of individuals
                                                                                             2021              2020

      Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 2,000,001-HK$2,500,000                                         2                  3
      HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000                                                                1                  —
      HK$3,000,001-HK$3,500,000                                                                —                  —
      HK$5,500,001-HK$6,000,000                                                                2                    2


                                                                                               5                    5


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)
      Current year                                                                     316,708             234,313
      Over provision in prior years                                                      (2,825)              (3,807)
      Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                            (24,292)              (7,722)


                                                                                       289,591             222,784




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021       119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      10.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

              The income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be reconciled to the profit
              before taxation as follows:

                                                                                                             2021                   2020
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

              Profit before taxation                                                                    1,179,235               980,089



              Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2020: 25%)                                                  294,809               245,022
              Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                          2,770                 4,694
              Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                              (1,263)               (4,654)
              Tax effect of different tax rates                                                             (2,504)               (2,069)
              Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                        8,432                 7,921
              Tax effect of losses of offshore entities not recognized                                       2,249                 1,775
              Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                                           (5,755)               (4,182)
              Tax deduction on exercised share options (note (a))                                           (5,587)              (18,939)
              Over provision in prior years                                                                 (2,825)               (3,807)
              Effect of research and development expense (“R&D expenses”)
                    deduction (note (b))                                                                      (735)               (2,977)


              Income tax expense for the year                                                             289,591               222,784


              Notes:

              (a)      During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the relevant tax authorities have agreed that the
                       share options granted by the Company to and exercised by the employees of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries in
                       the PRC can form a base for claiming tax deduction in respect of the EIT of those subsidiaries.

              (b)      Expenditure on research and development activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
                       Enterprises incurring R&D expenses for new technology, new products or new craftsmanship can enjoy an extra
                       75% deduction in addition to the actual R&D expenses incurred.

              Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulations of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
              25%.

              According to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance, General Administration of Customs and State
              Administration of Taxation on the Implementation of tax policies related to Small Enterprises with low profits
              (Caishui [2019] No. 13), certain subsidiaries are regarded as small entities and are subject to lower income tax
              rate of 10% during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

              On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
              2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on
              March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
              HK$2 million of profits of the group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
              at 16.5%. No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group did not have assessable profit
              earned or derived from Hong Kong during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.




120         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


11.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

      Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognized as
        distributions during the year
      2021 Interim — HK5.64 cents
        (2020: 2020 Interim — HK3.28 cents) per share                                 108,870             66,508
      2020 Final — HK5.53 cents
        (2020: 2019 Final — HK4.21 cents) per share                                   105,476             88,976


                                                                                      214,346            155,484


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31,
      2021 of HK5.64 cents per share has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
      shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting. The dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose
      names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, June 21,
      2022.

12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
      following data:

                                                                                        2021                2020

      Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)             720,033            620,064
      Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share
        (RMB’000)                                                                     720,033            620,064



      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        basic earnings per share                                                2,278,490,319     2,263,069,730


      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options                                                                    94,842        11,224,479


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        diluted earnings per share                                              2,278,585,161     2,274,294,209




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021        121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      13.     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              Furniture,
                                                               Leasehold    fixtures and      Motor     Construction
                                              Buildings improvements         equipment      vehicles     in progress       Total
                                              RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

              COST
              At January 1, 2020               436,133           47,922          91,802      40,170          164,365    780,392
              Additions                          4,806            4,850          13,276       3,244           44,321     70,497
              Acquired on acquisitions of
                subsidiaries (Note 35)          53,804            2,008             994         787            3,184     60,777
              Transfer                          27,155            1,149           8,240          —           (94,695)    (58,151)
              Disposals                             —             (1,018)         (3,676)     (2,805)             —       (7,499)


              At December 31, 2020             521,898           54,911         110,636      41,396          117,175    846,016
              Additions                         13,679            2,856           9,930       6,165           20,372     53,002
              Acquired on acquisitions of
                subsidiaries (Note 35)           3,551                —             343           7           10,968     14,869
              Transfer                           8,304              816             922           —          (10,042)        —
              Disposals                          (1,798)             —            (3,463)     (3,924)             —       (9,185)


              At December 31, 2021             545,634           58,583         118,368      43,644          138,473    904,702


              DEPRECIATION
              At January 1, 2020               121,602           31,270          50,028      28,420               —     231,320
              Provided for the year             27,056            9,672          11,889       3,673               —      52,290
              Eliminated on disposals               —              (303)          (3,040)     (2,175)             —       (5,518)


              At December 31, 2020             148,658           40,639          58,877      29,918               —     278,092


              Provided for the year             27,828            8,264          11,411       3,818               —      51,321
              Eliminated on disposals             (521)              —            (3,097)     (3,729)             —       (7,347)


              At December 31, 2021             175,965           48,903          67,191      30,007               —     322,066


              CARRYING VALUES
              At December 31, 2020             373,240           14,272          51,759      11,478          117,175    567,924



              At December 31, 2021             369,669            9,680          51,177      13,637          138,473    582,636




122         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


13.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — continued

      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a
      straight-line basis after taking into account their estimated residual values, at the following rates per annum
      where applicable:

      Buildings                               Over the shorter of the remaining lease term of land or useful life of
                                                buildings of 30 years
      Leasehold improvements                  Over the shorter of the remaining lease term or useful lifer of 5 years
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment       9.50% — 31.67%
      Motor vehicles                          19.00% — 25.00%

      As at December 31, 2021, the formal title certificates for certain buildings of the Group with carrying value of
      approximately RMB144,099,000 (2020: RMB144,287,000) had not been obtained. Certain buildings of
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd. (“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”) was restricted by court with
      carrying amounts of RMB7,210,000 (2020: RMB7,903,000).

14.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                          Leasehold land Leased properties                     Total
                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

      At December 31, 2021
      Carrying amount                                               63,806               51,316             115,122


      At December 31, 2020
      Carrying amount                                               62,975               63,489             126,464


      For the year ended December 31, 2021
      Depreciation charge                                            (2,162)            (21,640)             (23,802)


      For the year ended December 31, 2020
      Depreciation charge                                            (1,934)            (21,266)             (23,200)




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      14.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS — continued

                                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

              Expense relating to short-term leases and low-value assets                          21,314              8,254


              Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
                liabilities                                                                          238                179


              Total cash outflow for leases                                                       45,436            26,101


              Additions to right-of-use assets                                                    12,460            26,883


              For both years, the Group leases land and properties for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for
              fixed term of 1 year to 25 years (2020: 1 year to 25 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
              and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
              length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period
              for which the contract is enforceable.

              The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2021, the portfolio of
              short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases entered during the year.

              Restrictions or covenants on leases

              In addition, lease liabilities of RMB61,416,000 (2020: RMB72,973,000) are recognized with related right-of-use
              assets of RMB115,122,000 (2020: RMB126,464,000) as at December 31, 2021. The lease agreements do not
              impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
              Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




124         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


15.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                                                      RMB’000

      FAIR VALUE
      At January 1, 2020                                                                                                   6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2020                                                                                                 6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2021                                                                                                 6,509


      The Group’s property held for earn rentals and capital appreciation purposes is accounted for as investment
      property and measured using the fair value model.

      In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of investment property as at December 31, 2021 and December
      31, 2020 approximates to the carrying value after taking account of market comparable data.

      The following table gives information about how the fair values of these investment properties as at December
      31, 2021 are determined (in particular, the valuation approaches and inputs used), as well as the fair value
      hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorise based on the degree to which the inputs to
      the fair value measurements is observable.

      Investment property held by
      the Group in the consolidated
      statement of financial position         Fair value hierarchy        Valuation technique and key input(s)

      Residential property located in         Level 3                     Market-based approach-based on the time,
        Shanghai — completed                                                 location and individual factors, such as
        property RMB6,509,000                                                frontage and the size, between the
        (2020: RMB6,509,000)                                                 comparables and the property.

                                                                          The key input:Price per square meter
                                                                             RMB67,000 (note)

      Note: Any significant isolated increases (decreases) in these inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
            measurement.


      There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2021             125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      16.     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                            License for
                                                    Computer          Concession           provision of
                                                     software           agreement      funeral services                Total
                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

              COST
              At January 1, 2020                        18,650             109,446               11,808             139,904
              Additions                                  5,436              58,151                   —               63,587


              At December 31, 2020                      24,086             167,597               11,808             203,491


              Additions                                  4,933              88,094                    —              93,027


              At December 31, 2021                      29,019             255,691               11,808             296,518


              AMORTISATION
              At January 1, 2020                         9,818                3,946                   —              13,764
              Provided for the year                      4,868                2,233                   —                7,101


              At December 31, 2020                      14,686                6,179                   —              20,865


              Provided for the year                      4,336                4,982                   —                9,318


              At December 31, 2021                      19,022              11,161                    —              30,183


              CARRYING VALUES
              At December 31, 2020                       9,400             161,418               11,808             182,626



              At December 31, 2021                       9,997             244,530               11,808             266,335


              Computer software has finite useful life and is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
              of 5 years.




126         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS — continued

      Concession agreement mainly represents the right obtained from a government body to provide services that
      give the public access to a funeral parlour or cemetery in accordance with a service concession arrangement,
      pursuant to which the Group is committed to upgrade and construct the relevant property and equipment and
      return it to the government body at the end of concession period. The concession agreements are amortized
      over the agreed concession period.

      The management is of the opinion that the Group would renew the license for provision of funeral services
      issued by the relevant authorities in Chongqing continuously and has the ability to do so. As such, the
      management considers such license carries an indefinite useful life and is carried at cost less any subsequent
      impairment losses, if any.

      The license will not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it will be tested for
      impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
      impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the management determined that there was
      no impairment of license.

      During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group performed impairment review for the license of the
      cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of Chongqing Anle Services based on cash flow forecasts. The key
      assumptions for the cash flow forecasts are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected
      changes to selling prices and direct costs during the period. The cash flow forecasts derived from the most
      recent financial budgets for the next ten years was approved by management using pre-tax discount rate of
      14% (2020: 14%) per annum which reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
      risks specific to the CGUs. The cash flows beyond the next 10 years (2020: 10 years) are extrapolated using a
      growth rate of 3% (2020: 3%) per annum. The growth rates are by reference to industry growth forecasts. The
      recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of CGUs. Management believes that any
      reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not result in impairment.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      17.     GOODWILL

              For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to each of the individual CGUs relating to
              22 subsidiaries (2020: 19). During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the management of the
              Group determines that there is no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill. The movements of
              goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

              COST
              At January 1                                                                    860,637            441,581
              Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)                              188,023            419,056


              At December 31                                                                1,048,660            860,637




128         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      The carrying amounts of goodwill as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

      Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”)                                                     9,595              9,595
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd. (“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”)                    3,738              3,738
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”)                14,769             14,769
      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Chongqing Baitayuan”)                                                     47,458             47,458
      Nanchang Fu Shou Yuan Funerial Co., Ltd.
        (“Meilin Century Cemetery”)                                                 18,899             18,899
      Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”)                                          47,245             47,245
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery                                                   36,107             36,107
      Anyang Fu Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”)                                             2,425              2,425
      Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”)                                           87,425             87,425
      Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”)                                              22,973             22,973
      Luoyang Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”)                                                 23,451             23,451
      Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd. (“Temshine”)                      23,433             23,433
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co.,Ltd.
        (“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”)                                              22,756             22,756
      Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”)                                              12,903             12,903
      Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”)                                                    19,123             19,123
      Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”)                                               35,721             35,721
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”)               13,560             13,560
      Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Jinsha Fuze”)                      66,176             66,176
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co.,Ltd
        (“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”)                                             352,880            352,880
      Anhui Longmen Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Anhui Longmen”)                    90,673                 —
      Heze Fuluyuan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Heze Fuluyuan”)                    96,237                 —
      Zhengzhou Anletang Funeral Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zhengzhou Anletang”)                                                       1,113                 —


                                                                                 1,048,660            860,637




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021    129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      17.     GOODWILL — continued

              In addition to goodwill above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
              (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also
              included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

              The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs are determined from value in use calculations. The key
              assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding projections of cash flows, growth rates and
              discount rates based on management’s view of future business. Management estimates discount rates using
              pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
              CGUs. The growth rates in the first ten-year period are by reference to industry growth forecasts. Changes in
              selling prices and direct costs are based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market.
              The major underlying assumptions are summarized below.

              All these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
              covering a ten-year (2020: ten-year) period and a discount rate of 14% (2020: 14%). Cash flow beyond that
              ten-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 3% (2020: 3%) growth rate for conservative purpose.
              Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
              respective carrying amount of Haigang Fu Shou Yuan, Jinzhou Maoshan Anling, Henan Fu Shou Yuan,
              Chongqing Baitayuan, Meilin Century Cemetery, Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, Wuyuan Wanshoushan
              Cemetery, Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery, Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery, Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai,
              Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery, Temshine, Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery,
              Guizhou Tianyuanshan, Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery, Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery, Jinsha Fuze, Harbin
              Mingxiyuan Cemetery, Anhui Longmen, Heze Fuluyuan and Zhengzhou Anletang to exceed the respective
              recoverable amount of the respective CGUs.




130         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS

                                                                Landscape        Development
                                        Leasehold land             facilities            costs               Total
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2020                         1,151,117          280,697            340,784           1,772,598
      Additions                                     2,192            38,490             50,403              91,085
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries (Note 35)                    211,463            14,650             26,364             252,477
      Transfer to inventories                       (9,111)           (2,205)           (2,797)            (14,113)


      At December 31, 2020                       1,355,661          331,632            414,754           2,102,047
      Additions                                   119,934            43,637              8,704             172,275
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries (Note 35)                     53,713                 —              3,659              57,372
      Transfer to inventories                      (17,202)           (6,055)           (7,506)            (30,763)


      At December 31, 2021                       1,512,106          369,214            419,611           2,300,931


      AMORTISATION
      At January 1, 2020                          135,010            80,671             37,468             253,149
      Provided for the year                        30,222            15,298              8,602              54,122
      Eliminated on transfer                        (1,848)             (892)                (543)          (3,283)


      At December 31, 2020                        163,384            95,077             45,527             303,988
      Provided for the year                        34,116            17,863             10,314              62,293
      Eliminated on transfer                        (1,571)             (754)                (687)          (3,012)


      At December 31, 2021                        195,929           112,186             55,154             363,269


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2020                       1,192,277          236,555            369,227           1,798,059



      At December 31, 2021                       1,316,177          257,028            364,457           1,937,662


      The leasehold land mainly represents leasehold land located in Mainland China having finite useful lives which
      are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

      Landscape facilities represent the construction cost of facilities such as arbors and bridges in the mausoleum.
      Amortisation for landscape facilities is provided on a straight-line basis over shorter of the remaining lease
      term of land or useful life of 20 years.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021       131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      18.     CEMETERY ASSETS — continued

              Development cost represents the cost paid for the foundation work and putting the land into the condition
              ready for development of cemetery business. Amortisation for development cost is provided on a straight-line
              basis over the estimated useful life (same as leasehold land over the lease terms).

              Upon commencement of development of an area within the cemetery, the proportionate cemetery assets are
              transferred to inventories.

      19.     RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

              Restricted deposits represent the deposits which are placed in designated joint controlled bank accounts with
              local funeral associations. In accordance with the requirements of local authorities, the balances are provided
              based on certain percentages of cemetery sales of certain subsidiaries for the use of cemetery maintenance.
              The restricted deposits can be drawn only with simultaneous approvals from both sides of the subsidiary and
              the respective funeral association for cemetery maintenance expenditure.

      20.     INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                         2021                        2020
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000

              Cost of investment in joint ventures                                                                      202,042                     50,881
              Share of loss of joint ventures                                                                           (11,793)                      (172)


                                                                                                                        190,249                     50,709


              Details of each of the Group’s joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                               Country of                           Proportion of         Proportion of
                                               incorporation/   Principal place   ownership interest      voting rights      Cost of investment    Principal
              Name of entities#                registration     of business       held by the Group     held by the Group      by the Group        activity
                                                                                     2021       2020      2021        2020      2021       2020
                                                                                       %          %         %           %    RMB’000    RMB’000

              Jiaxing Fuji Equity Investment   PRC              PRC                 49.89       49.89       40          20    202,042     49,881 Investment
                 Partnership (Limited                                                                                                               holding
                 Partnership)
                 嘉興福冀股權投資合夥企業
                （有限合夥）(“Jiaxing Fuji”)
                 (Note 1)

              Zhengzhou Anletang               PRC              PRC                   100          50      100          50         —       1,000 Provision of
                 鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限公                                                                                                                       funeral
                 司(Note 2)                                                                                                                          service

              #:      The English names of both joint ventures established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

              Note 1:      In June 2021, a supplementary agreement to the limited partnership agreement was entered into, whereby the
                           Group was able to nominate 2 out of 5 members (previously 1 out of 5 members) in the investment committee of
                           Jiaxing Fuji. Hence, the Group’s proportion of voting rights in the investment committee of Jiaxing Fuji increased
                           from 20% as at December 31, 2020 to 40% as at December 31, 2021. During the year of 2021, the Group and
                           other parties invested in Jiaxing Fuji in the same proportion of ownership interest. Hence, the Group’s cost of
                           investment increased from RMB49,881,000 as at December 31, 2020 to RMB202,042,000 as at December 31,
                           2021.

              Note 2:      The Group acquired the remaining 50% of ownership interest of Zhengzhou Anletang (former name: Zhengzhou
                           Baishan Fushou Life Culture Service Co., Ltd. (“Zhengzhou Baishan”) in November 2021.




132         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


20.   INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES — continued

      Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s material joint venture is set out below. The
      summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements
      prepared in accordance with IFRSs.

      Jiaxing Fuji

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  347,957               69,119


      Non-current assets                                                              192,876               30,000


      Current liabilities                                                             137,184                  226


      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                       231,043               64,214


      Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
       provisions)                                                                       8,000                  —


                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          23,383                   —
      Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense) for the year               3,754                 (607)


      Profit (loss) and total comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                              2,150                (607)
      Non-controlling interests                                                          1,604                  —

                                                                                         3,754                (607)


      The carrying amount of the interest in Jiaxing Fuji recognized in the consolidated financial statements was
      adjusted by the priority distribution of profits. Hence, the share of loss of joint ventures was RMB11,793,000
      during the year of 2021.

      Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      The Group’s share of profit (loss) and total comprehensive income
        (expense) for the year                                                             216                   (4)



                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      21.     DEFERRED TAXATION

              The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized by the Group and movements thereon
              during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

                                                          Contract                           Loss       Fair value
                                                          liabilities   Tax losses     Allowance      adjustment             Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                             (note)

              At January 1, 2020                            35,438         16,953               —          (91,834)        (39,443)
              Acquisition of subsidiaries
                (Note 35)                                          —            —               —          (48,813)        (48,813)
              Credit(Charge) to profit or loss                4,917         (1,488)             —            4,293           7,722


              At December 31, 2020                          40,355         15,465               —         (136,354)        (80,534)
              Acquisition of subsidiaries
                (Note 35)                                          —            —               —           (4,196)          (4,196)
              Credit to profit or loss                      12,740           4,474           1,575           5,503          24,292


              At December 31, 2021                          53,095         19,939            1,575        (135,047)        (60,438)


              Note: Fair value adjustment mainly refers to revaluation of property and equipment and cemetery assets upon the business
                    combination arising from acquisition of subsidiaries.


              For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
              and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
              purposes:

                                                                                                        2021                  2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

              Deferred tax assets                                                                     76,630                57,865
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (137,068)            (138,399)


                                                                                                      (60,438)             (80,534)

              The deferred tax balances have reflected the tax rates that are expected to apply in the respective years when
              the asset is realized or the liability is settled.

              The Group has unused tax losses of the PRC subsidiaries and offshore subsidiaries of approximately
              RMB190,675,000 (2020: RMB154,858,000) as at December 31, 2021. Deferred tax assets have been
              recognized in respect of approximately RMB79,756,000 (2020: RMB61,865,000) of such losses as at
              December 31, 2021. No deferred tax assets of the offshore subsidiaries have been recognized in respect of
              the remaining approximately RMB40,364,000 (2020: RMB43,266,000) as at December 31, 2021 due to the
              unrecognized losses of offshore entities. No deferred tax assets of the PRC subsidiaries have been
              recognized in respect of the remaining approximately RMB70,555,000 (2020: RMB49,727,000) as at
              December 31, 2021 due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.



134         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION — continued

      Pursuant to the rules and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognized tax losses at the end of each reporting
      period will expire in five years. The deductible tax losses as bellows:

                                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      2021                                                                                     —                2,484
      2022                                                                                 2,936                3,660
      2023                                                                                 8,698                8,698
      2024                                                                                14,695              14,695
      2025                                                                                19,960              20,190
      2026                                                                                24,266                  —


                                                                                          70,555              49,727


      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
      by the PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
      consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to retained profits of the
      PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB3,824,675,000 (2020: RMB3,111,164,000) as the Group is able to control
      the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

22.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

      Burial plots                                                                      393,004              354,966
      Tombstone                                                                           99,636              94,694
      Others                                                                              51,847              52,603


                                                                                        544,487              502,263




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      23.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

              Trade receivables from contract with customers                                       112,165               63,265
              Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                     (3,821)                  —


                                                                                                   108,344               63,265



              Other receivables comprise:
              Prepayments and rental deposits on properties                                          2,564                2,369
              Other service receivables                                                             14,000                   —
              Staff advances                                                                         2,962                3,492
              Entrusted loan (note)                                                                     —                 6,950
              Deposits for new projects                                                              7,658                4,502
              Prepayments to suppliers                                                              11,373               19,602
              Interest receivables                                                                     413                1,772
              Others                                                                                12,310               11,551


                                                                                                   159,624              113,503


              Note: As at December 31, 2021, the Group has no unsecured loan (2020: RMB6,950,000) to a cemetery for which the Group
                    is providing management services.


              The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of burial
              service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines, provision of
              landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration authorities. Before
              accepting any new customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to
              assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer.

              The ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the invoice
              date at the end of reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

              Within one year                                                                       90,399               54,969
              Over one year but less than two years                                                 15,571                7,270
              Over two years but less than three years                                               1,805                  660
              Over three years but less than four years                                                569                  366


                                                                                                   108,344               63,265




136         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES — continued

      Certain portion of trade receivables of sales of cremation machines with instant settlement arrangement is not
      considered past due as the Group maintains good relationship with the customers and do not notice any
      delay or expected delay in payment.

      For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
      and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
      estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
      general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
      current as well as forward looking information at the period end.

      Movement of loss allowance on accounts receivables for the period ended December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                       (not credit
                                                                                                       impaired)
                                                                                                        RMB’000
                                                                                                         (audited)



      At December 31, 2020                                                                                     —
      Credit losses recognized on receivables                                                               3,821


      At December 31, 2021                                                                                  3,821


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:

                                                                                         2021                2020
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Unlisted cash management products (a)                                          665,973             982,927
      Equity investment (b)                                                          338,110               38,110


                                                                                    1,004,083           1,021,037



      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
        Current assets                                                               965,973             982,927
        Non-current assets                                                             38,110              38,110


                                                                                    1,004,083           1,021,037




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021         137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      24.     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

              (a)   Unlisted cash management products

                    During the year, the Group entered into a number of cash management products as part of its treasury
                    management.

                    Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                Expected Principal-
                    Bank                      Name of products                 Currency    Amount   Term/call date              yield rate guaranteed
                                                                                          RMB’000

                    Shanghai Pudong           Tian Tian Li Pu Tian Tong Ying   RMB         73,120   Redeemable on call after      2.67% N
                      Development Bank           (天添利浦天同盈1號)                                           1 work day on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan         RMB         17,118   Redeemable on call after      2.62% N
                      Development Bank           (“天添利普惠計劃”)                                           1 work day on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Zhou Zhou Xiang Ying Zeng Li     RMB        153,000   7 days cycle                  3.06% N
                      Development Bank           (週週享盈增利1號)
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          3,055   27/07/2022                    3.85% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利12個月定開D款)
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          8,444   Redeemable on call after      3.70% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利6個月定開Q款)                                         180 days on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          5,823   Redeemable on call after      3.65% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利6個月定開T型)                                         180 days on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          1,351   Redeemable on call after      3.50% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利6個月定開V型)                                         180 days on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Xin Xiang Li                     RMB          1,353   Redeemable on call after      3.60% N
                      Development Bank           (鑫享利系列)                                              180 days on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          1,546   06/05/2022                    3.90% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利12個月定開T款)
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          2,002   28/12/2022                    3.70% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利12個月定開N款)
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          1,606   Redeemable on call after      3.40% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利6個月定開L款)                                         180 days on work day
                    Shanghai Pudong           Yue Ying Li                      RMB          2,555   19/08/2022                    3.75% N
                      Development Bank           (悅盈利12個月定開N款)

                    Subtotal                                                   RMB        270,973

                    China Construction Bank   Qian Yuan — Heng Ying            RMB        100,000   Redeemable on call after      2.63% N
                                                 (乾元 — 恒贏（法人版）)                                       1 work day on work day
                    China Construction Bank   Jia Xin Gu Shou                  RMB        200,000   29/06/2022                    3.65% N
                                                 (嘉鑫固收2021–205)

                    Subtotal                                                   RMB        300,000

                    Bank of Shanghai          Yi Jing Ling                     RMB         50,000   Redeemable on call after      3.20% N
                                                 (易精靈)                                                1 work day on work day

                    Subtotal                                                               50,000

                    Shanghai Rural            Xin Zeng Li                      RMB         30,000   04/01/2022                    3.80% N
                      Commercial Bank            (鑫增利19050期)
                    Shanghai Rural            Ri Xin Tian Tian Ying            RMB         15,000   Redeemable on call after      2.35% N
                      Commercial Bank            (日鑫天天盈C款)                                            1 work day on work day

                    Subtotal                                                   RMB         45,000

                    Total                                                      RMB        665,973




138         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (a)    Unlisted cash management products — continued

             Investment portfolio of the products includes government debt instruments, treasury notes, corporate
             bonds etc.

             The cash management products have been accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL on initial
             recognition. In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of the cash management products at
             December 31, 2021 approximated their carrying amounts.

      (b)    Equity investment

             In July 2018, the Group made an equity investment in Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Huaxia
             Cemetery”) in the amount of RMB29,000,000, accounting for 10% of the total equity interests and this
             equity investment was measured at FVTPL. Huaxia Cemetery is an unlisted company providing burial
             services in Changchun City of Jilin Province.

             In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value was about RMB38,110,000 as at December 31, 2021 and
             the fair value change of these equity investments was due to the revaluation of the investment. The
             performance of Huaxia Cemetery for the year ended December 31, 2021 was consistent with the
             expectation at time of investment decision.

             During the year, the Group entered into a limited partnership agreement with other partners in respect of
             the establishment of Hainan Tongyuan. Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is
             committed to contributing RMB300,000,000, accounting for approximately 13.04% of the total capital
             commitment to Hainan Tongyuan and this investment is measured at FVTPL. Hainan Tongyuan is
             primarily engaged in equity investment, investment management and asset management in the fields of
             technology, wellness of human being, food, cemetery and funeral services etc.. In December 2021, a
             resolution was passed among all the partners whereby Hainan Tongyuan was scheduled to be
             dissolved in 2022. In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value was RMB300,000,000 as at December
             31, 2021.

25.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      RMB-denominated                                                                  285,677                   —

      As at December 31, 2021, the Group had fixed-term deposits of RMB285,677,000 in banks with maturity of
      six months to one year and fixed interest rate ranging from 0.01% to 2.30% per annum. (December 31, 2020:
      nil)




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      26.     BANK BALANCES AND CASH

              Bank balances of the Group denominated in RMB, HK$ and US Dollar (“US$”) carry variable interest rate as
              follows:

                                                                                                          2021                   2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

              Interest rate per annum
              — RMB                                                                             0.30%–2.03%           0.30%–3.70%
              — HK$                                                                                      0.01%              0.01%
              — US$                                                                                      0.05%        0.05%–1.20%

              The bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than RMB are set out below:

                                                                                                          2021                   2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

              HK$                                                                                       15,093               113,936
              US$                                                                                           797                 8,572


                                                                                                        15,890               122,508


      27.     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                          2021                   2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

              Trade payables                                                                           281,752               245,326


              Other payables comprise:
              Advances and deposits from customers                                                      32,054                 26,958
              Payables for acquisition of property and equipment                                            888                   742
              Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                       158,442               139,546
              Other accrued expenses                                                                    52,575                 71,516
              Consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries                                   168,277               102,188
              Consideration payables for acquisition of non-controlling interests
                (Note)                                                                                    6,070                 7,170
              Others                                                                                    61,281                 55,314


                                                                                                       761,339               648,760


              Note: During the year of 2019, the Group entered into agreements with the non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiaries,
                    to acquire 49% non-controlling interests in Temshine. The remaining RMB6,070,000 has not been paid at the year
                    ended December 31, 2021.




140         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


27.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES — continued

      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the year end:

                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000

      0–90 days                                                                            101,794           112,627
      91–180 days                                                                           29,159            14,070
      181–365 days                                                                          32,079            35,633
      Over 365 days                                                                        118,720            82,996


                                                                                           281,752           245,326

      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 181 to 365 days.

28.   BORROWINGS

                                                                                              2021             2020
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000

      Borrowings carry at variable interest rate
      — Secured by the Group’s equity interest in a subsidiary                                   —            13,860


                                                                                                 —            13,860



      The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
          Within one year                                                                        —            13,860
          More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                        —                —


                                                                                                 —            13,860
      Less:amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                           —           (13,860)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                —                —


      *      The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

      The Group’s variable-rate bank borrowings carry interests at the People’s Bank of China benchmark rate plus
      a premium. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the interest rates of the variable-rate borrowings was nil
      (2020: 4.35% per annum).




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021     141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      29.     CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                 2021                 2020
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

              Cemetery maintenance services                                                  467,804                404,595
              Sales of pre-need contracts                                                      38,726                28,316


                                                                                             506,530                432,911



              Current                                                                          72,508                55,876
              Non-current                                                                    434,022                377,035


                                                                                             506,530                432,911


              Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized are as follows:

              Cemetery maintenance services

              The Group provides on-going cemetery maintenance services as part of the burial services to maintain the
              landscaped cemeteries and the large number of memorials that lie on the cemeteries.

              Customers who purchase burial services at certain locations are required to make advance payments for
              maintenance fees, relating to the maintenance of their cremation niches or burial lots and memorials over 10
              to 20 years, and such amounts are generally paid together with the purchase of the Group’s burial services.

              During the year ended December 31, 2021, the contract liability of RMB27,501,000 (2020: RMB22,888,000)
              recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the cemetery maintenance services were
              offered.

              Sales of pre-need contracts

              Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death occurring. The
              payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this gives rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
              contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is offered. Therefore, this part of advance
              payment is classified as current liabilities of the Group.

              During the year ended December 31, 2021, the contract liability of RMB1,895,000 (2020:RMB1,837,000)
              recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the funeral services were offered.




142         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


30.   LOANS FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology
          Development Co. Ltd.* (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限公司)                                                    26,950                26,950
      Shandong World Trade Center* (山東世界貿易中心)                                                           —                  5,969
      Nanchang Municipal Public Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (南昌市政
          公用資產管理有限公司)                                                                                    —                 3,000
      Chen Changbin* (陳長兵)                                                                             234                    —


                                                                                                    27,184                35,919



      Current                                                                                       27,184                35,919
      Non-current                                                                                       —                     —


                                                                                                    27,184                35,919


      *       The English names of the entities established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.


      The loan from Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. was extended
      in 2021 and carries a fixed interest rate at 4.35% per annum and is due within one year.

      The loan from Chen Changbin carries a fixed interest rate at 6.00% per annum and is due within one year.

31.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                               17,276                21,322
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                             10,118                15,147
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years                           22,948                22,191
      Within a period of more than five years                                                       11,074                14,313


      Subtotal                                                                                      61,416                72,973


      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
                current liabilities                                                                (17,276)               (21,206)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
          non-current liabilities                                                                   44,140                51,767


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 4.35% (2020: 4.35%).



                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2021          143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      32.     SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                 shares                Amount
                                                                                                                          US$

              Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
              Authorized:
              At January 1, 2020, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021               20,000,000,000          200,000,000


                                                                                                              Shown in the
                                                                                                              consolidated
                                                                        Number of                                  financial
                                                                            shares              Amount       statements as
                                                                                                    US$            RMB’000

              Issued and fully paid:
              At January 1, 2020                                     2,255,810,422           22,558,104                137,748
              Exercise of share options (Note 34)                       54,247,500              542,475                  3,762


              At December 31, 2020                                   2,310,057,922           23,100,579                141,510
              Exercise of share options (Note 34)                       10,308,500              103,085                   669


              At December 31, 2021                                   2,320,366,422           23,203,664                142,179


      33.     RESERVES

              Statutory surplus reserve

              As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
              maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. An appropriation to such reserve is made
              out of net profit after tax as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the
              amounts and allocation basis are decided by their respective boards of directors annually. The appropriation,
              however, must be at least 10% of profit after tax and may cease when the fund balance reaches 50% of the
              registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used to make up prior
              year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of a capitalization issue.

              Special reserve

              The special reserve consisted of an amount of RMB5,000,000 representing deemed contribution from the
              equity holders pursuant to a Group’s reorganization and an amount of RMB79,667,000 representing deemed
              contribution from the founding shareholders as a result of a waiver of liabilities by such founding shareholders
              prior to the Company’s listing.




144         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


33.   RESERVES — continued

      Other reserve

      Other reserve represents the difference between the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net
      assets of non-wholly owned subsidiaries transferred from non-controlling interests and the consideration paid
      to acquire the respective from non-controlling interests.

34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

      (a)   Share Option Scheme

            The Company adopted a share option scheme on December 3, 2013 (the “Share Option Scheme”)
            which shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by
            the Company in a general meeting or by the Directors. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to
            provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contributions to the Group and/or to enable the
            Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the
            Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme, the
            Directors may offer to grant an option to any director or employee, or any advisor, consultant, suppliers,
            customers or shareholder of any member of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).

            Granted on August 5, 2014

            On August 5, 2014, the Company granted 42,000,000 share options (the “Share Option A”) to the
            Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option A are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.14 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option A granted to the employees under the Share Option Scheme can only be
                  exercised in the following manners:

                                                                  Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                  Exercise Period                                 option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2018           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                    options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2018           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                    options granted.

            (3)   All Share Option A granted to the Directors under the Share Option Scheme can only be exercised
                  in the following manners:

                                                                  Maximum percentage of share underlying
                  Exercise Period                                 the option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                    options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2024           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                    options granted.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021          145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      34.     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

              (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

                    Granted on August 5, 2014 — continued

                    The fair values of the Share Option A granted to the Directors and employees at grant date are HK$1.27
                    per share and HK$0.78 per share respectively, representing RMB37,849,000 in total, which is
                    determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                Employee        Directors

                    Grant date share price                                                       HK$4.14           HK$4.14
                    Exercise price                                                               HK$4.14           HK$4.14
                    Expected volatility                                                           24.4%             24.4%
                    Option life                                                                   4 years          10 years
                    Dividend yield                                                                   1%                1%
                    Risk-free interest rate                                                      1.1365%         2.0520%
                    Forfeiture rate                                                                  5%                —

                    The risk-free interest rates were based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with
                    maturity with 4 years and 10 years as at the date of grant, respectively.

                    Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
                    been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
                    fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
                    with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                    Granted on March 19, 2015

                    On March 19, 2015, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option B”) to the
                    Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

                    (1)   All Share Option B are granted at an exercise price of HK$3.126 per share.

                    (2)   All Share Option B granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                         Maximum percentage of share underlying the
                          Exercise Period                                option exercisable

                          From March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                           options granted.
                          From March 19, 2018 to March 18, 2019          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                           options granted.




146         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on March 19, 2015 — continued

            The fair value of the Share Option B at grant date is HK$0.47 per share, representing RMB18,020,000 in
            total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
            follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                        HK$3.10
            Exercise price                                                                              HK$3.126
            Expected volatility                                                                            21.43%
            Option life                                                                                    4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                  1.67%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                         1.08%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                 4.20%

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
            with 4 years as at the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
            been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
            fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
            with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

            Granted on March 24, 2016

            On March 24, 2016, the Company granted 48,000,000 share options (the “Share Option C”) to the
            Directors and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option Care granted at an exercise price of HK$5.824 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option C granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share underlying
                  Exercise Period                                the option exercisable

                  From March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                  From March 24, 2019 to March 23, 2020          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021        147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      34.     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

              (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

                    Granted on March 24, 2016 — continued

                    The fair value of the Share Option C at grant date is HK$1.21 per share, representing RMB48,592,000 in
                    total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
                    follows:

                    Grant date share price                                                                          HK$5.52
                    Exercise price                                                                                HK$5.824
                    Expected volatility                                                                              34.34%
                    Option life                                                                                      4 years
                    Dividend yield                                                                                       2%
                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                           0.99%
                    Forfeiture rate                                                                                   4.30%

                    The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
                    with 4 years as at the date of grant.

                    Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
                    been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
                    fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
                    with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                    Granted on May 16, 2016

                    On May 16, 2016, the Company granted 2,000,000 share options (the “Share Option D”) to the Directors
                    under the following terms:

                    (1)   All Share Option D are granted at an exercise price of HK$5.466 per share.

                    (2)   All Share Option D granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                         Maximum percentage of share underlying
                          Exercise Period                                the option exercisable

                          From April 27, 2018 to April 26, 2020          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                           options granted.
                          From April 27, 2019 to April 26, 2020          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                           options granted.




148         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on May 16, 2016 — continued

            The fair value of the Share Option D at grant date is HK$1.32 per share, representing RMB2,207,000 in
            total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
            follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                      HK$5.460
            Exercise price                                                                              HK$5.466
            Expected volatility                                                                             33.6%
            Option life                                                                                    4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                     2%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                         0.86%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                     —

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
            with 4 years as at the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
            been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the
            fair value of the share options are based on the Directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies
            with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

            Granted on March 20, 2017

            On March 20, 2017, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option E”) to the
            Directors of the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option E are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.850 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option E granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share underlying
                  Exercise Period                                the option exercisable

                  From March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                  From March 20, 2020 to March 19, 2021          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021          149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      34.     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

              (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

                    Granted on March 20, 2017 — continued

                    The fair value of the Share Option E at grant date is HK$1.00 per share, representing RMB44,301,000 in
                    total, which is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as
                    follows:

                    Grant date share price                                                                                                     HK$4.850
                    Exercise price                                                                                                             HK$4.850
                    Expected volatility                                                                                                            29.22%
                    Option life                                                                                                                    4 years
                    Dividend yield                                                                                                                      2%
                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                         1.41%
                    Forfeiture rate                                                                                                                 3.83%

                    The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity
                    with 4 years as at the date of grant.

                    Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has
                    been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables and assumptions used in computing
                    the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option
                    varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                    Since Share Option A, B, C and D have no outstanding balance at January 1, 2021, set out below are
                    details of movements of the outstanding options in relation to Share Option E granted under the Share
                    Option Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                                         Number of options

                                                                                                  Balance    Exercised      Lapsed      Forfeited     Balance
                                                                                  Exercise    outstanding    during the   during the   during the outstanding
                                                                                  price per          as at  year ended   year ended   year ended         as at
                                                                                     Share     January 1, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                           Batch            Date of grant             (HK$)          2021         2021         2021         2021         2021

                    Directors
                    Lu Hesheng             Share Option E   March 20, 2017          4.850        500,000     (500,000)               —        —            —
                    Chen Qunlin            Share Option E   March 20, 2017          4.850        300,000     (300,000)               —        —            —
                    Luo Zhuping            Share Option E   March 20, 2017          4.850        300,000     (300,000)               —        —            —
                    Ho Man                 Share Option E   March 20, 2017          4.850        300,000     (300,000)               —        —            —


                                                                                               1,400,000    (1,400,000)
                    Other employees        Share Option E   March 20, 2017          4.850      8,908,500    (8,908,500)              —        —            —


                    Total                                                                     10,308,500   (10,308,500)              —        —            —

                    Exercisable at December 31                                                10,308,500                                                   —



                    Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                                           4.85          4.85             N/A       N/A          N/A




150         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      (a)   Share Option Scheme — continued

            Since Share Option A, B and D have no outstanding balance at January 1, 2020, set out below are
            details of movements of the outstanding options in relation to Share Option C and E granted under the
            Share Option Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2020:

                                                                                                          Number of options

                                                                                     Balance     Exercised      Lapsed      Forfeited    Balance
                                                                      Exercise    outstanding    during the   during the   during the outstanding
                                                                      price per          as at  year ended   year ended   year ended         as at
                                                                         Share     January 1, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                 Batch              Date of grant         (HK$)         2020          2020         2020         2020        2020

            Directors
            Bai Xiaojiang        Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850      5,000,000    (5,000,000)           —          —             —
            Wang Jisheng         Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850      5,000,000    (5,000,000)           —          —             —
            Ma Xiang             Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824        500,000            —       (500,000)        —             —
            Lu Hesheng           Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824        500,000            —       (500,000)        —             —
                                 Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850        500,000            —             —          —        500,000
            Chen Qunlin          Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824        300,000      (300,000)           —          —             —
                                 Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850        300,000            —             —          —        300,000
            Luo Zhuping          Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824        300,000      (300,000)           —          —             —
                                 Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850        300,000            —             —          —        300,000
            Ho Man               Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824        300,000      (300,000)           —          —             —
                                 Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850        300,000            —             —          —        300,000


                                                                                  13,300,000   (10,900,000)   (1,000,000)        —      1,400,000
            Other employees      Share Option C     March 24, 2016      5.824     14,456,000   (13,956,000)     (500,000)        —             —
                                 Share Option E     March 20, 2017      4.850     38,300,000   (29,391,500)           —          —      8,908,500


            Total                                                                 66,056,000   (54,247,500)   (1,500,000)        —     10,308,500


            Exercisable at December 31                                            41,206,000                                           10,308,500


            Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                                       5.74          5.12         5.824        N/A          4.85



            As at December 31, 2021, no (2020: 10,308,500) share options remains outstanding under the Share
            Option Scheme, representing nil (2020: 0.45%) of the ordinary shares of the Company in issue at that
            date.

            In respect of the share options exercised during the year, the weighted average share price at the dates
            of exercise is HK$7.35 (2020: HK$7.28).

            The Group recognized total expense of nil (2020: RMB1,607,000) for the year in relation to Share Option
            E (2020: Share Option E) granted by the Company under Share Option Scheme.




                                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                 Annual Report 2021             151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      34.     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

              (b)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                    The Company has adopted a restricted share incentive scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide
                    incentive or reward to Eligible Participants including the Directors and employees for their contribution
                    or potential contribution to the Company. The Company entered into a trust deed with the
                    Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited as the trustee for the administration of the scheme.

                    During the year of 2021, the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme purchased 14,000,000 of
                    the Company’s shares from the open market as follows:

                                                                                 No. of                        Aggregate
                                                                              ordinary         Price per    consideration
                    Month of Repurchase                                         Shares             Share              paid
                                                                                                    RMB          RMB’000



                    July 2021                                               14,000,000              5.42            75,830

                    The total amount paid to acquire the shares was approximately RMB75,830,000 and has been
                    deducted from shareholders’ equity as at December 31, 2021. The shares purchased by the trustee that
                    are not yet granted for this restricted share incentive scheme were recorded as treasury shares of the
                    Group. As at December 31, 2021, there were 48,800,000 treasury shares held through the trustee of the
                    restricted share incentive scheme, and no such shares have been granted.

      35.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

              (a)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Anhui Longmen

                    In May 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Industry Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”) entered into
                    an agreement with independent third parties to acquire 100% equity interest in Anhui Longmen for a
                    total consideration of RMB88,200,000. The acquisition has been completed in August 2021 and has
                    been accounted for using the acquisition method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the
                    acquisition was RMB90,673,000. Anhui Longmen is mainly engaged in burial service and was acquired
                    as part of the Group’s expansion.

                    Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                    Cash consideration paid in 2021                                                                 83,200
                    Consideration payable                                                                            5,000


                    Total                                                                                           88,200


                    As at December 31, 2021, the Group has paid consideration of RMB83,200,000. Moreover, the Group is
                    subject to the payables of RMB5,000,000 for consideration.




152         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


35.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (a)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Anhui Longmen — continued

            Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                       RMB’000

            Property and equipment                                                                       3,834
            Cemetery assets                                                                             43,432
            Inventories                                                                                  8,861
            Trade and other receivables                                                                  1,303
            Bank balances and cash                                                                       1,504
            Loan from the third parties                                                                 (56,800)
            Trade and other payables                                                                       (329)
            Long term payable                                                                              (156)
            Other long-term liabilities                                                                  (1,793)
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (2,329)


            Net assets acquired                                                                          (2,473)


            Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                       RMB’000

            Consideration transferred                                                                   88,200
            Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                              (2,473)


            Total                                                                                       90,673

            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Anhui Longmen because the consideration for the combination
            effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Anhui Longmen.

            These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition
            criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is
            expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021       153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      35.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

              (a)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Anhui Longmen — continued

                    Net cash outflow on acquisition of Anhui Longmen

                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                    Cash consideration paid                                                                          83,200
                    Less:cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                  (1,504)


                    Total                                                                                            81,696


                    Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

                    Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB1,207,922 which is attributable to Anhui
                    Longmen.

                    Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, total Group revenue for the period would have
                    been RMB2,333,570,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB865,837,000. The pro forma
                    information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
                    operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
                    January 1, 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

                    In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Anhui Longmen been acquired at
                    the beginning of the current period, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and
                    equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for
                    the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial
                    statements.




154         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


35.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (b)   Acquisition of 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan

            In March 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with independent third parties to
            acquire 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan for a total consideration of RMB90,032,000. The
            acquisition was completed in December 2021 and has been accounted for using the acquisition
            method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB96,237,000. Heze
            Fuluyuan is mainly engaged in burial service and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.

            Consideration transferred

                                                                                                      RMB’000

            Consideration payable                                                                        90,032


            Total                                                                                        90,032


            As at December 31, 2021, the Group is subject to the payables of RMB90,032,000 for consideration.

            Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                      RMB’000

            Property and equipment                                                                       10,980
            Cemetery assets                                                                              13,940
            Trade and other receivables                                                                 114,163
            Bank balances and cash                                                                            103
            Borrowings                                                                                  (35,500)
            Trade and other payables                                                                   (107,259)
            Other long-term liabilities                                                                   (1,455)
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (1,867)


            Net assets acquired                                                                           (6,895)




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021        155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      35.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

              (b)   Acquisition of 90% equity interest in Heze Fuluyuan — continued

                    Non-controlling interests

                    The 10% non-controlling interests in Heze Fuluyuan recognized at the acquisition date was measured
                    by the proportionate share of recognized amounts of net assets of Heze Fuluyuan and amounted to
                    RMB(690,000).

                    Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                    Consideration transferred                                                                        90,032
                    Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                     (690)
                    Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                   (6,895)


                    Total                                                                                            96,237


                    Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Heze Fuluyuan because the consideration for the combination
                    effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Heze Fuluyuan. These benefits
                    are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
                    identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be
                    deductible for the tax purposes.

                    Net cash inflow on acquisition of Heze Fuluyuan

                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                    Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                          103


                    Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

                    Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB473,305 which is attributable to Heze
                    Fuluyuan.

                    Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, total Group revenue for the period would have
                    been RMB2,325,848,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB885,396,000. The pro forma
                    information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
                    operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
                    January 1, 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

                    In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Heze Fuluyuan been acquired at the
                    beginning of the current period, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and equipment,
                    cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business
                    combination rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.




156         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


35.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (c)   Acquisition of the remaining 50% equity interest in Zhengzhou Anletang (Former
            name:Zhengzhou Baishan)

            In November 2021, Henan Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with independent third parties to
            acquire the remaining 50% (acquired 50% before) equity interest in Zhengzhou Anletang for a
            consideration of RMB1,600,000. The acquisition was completed in November 2021 and has been
            accounted for using the acquisition method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition
            was RMB1,113,000. Zhengzhou Anletang is mainly engaged in burial service and was acquired as part
            of the Group’s expansion.

            Consideration transferred

                                                                                                         RMB’000

            Remeasurement of investment in a joint venture                                                   1,600
            Cash consideration paid in 2021                                                                  1,600


            Total                                                                                            3,200


            As at December 31, 2021, the Group has fully paid the consideration to acquire Zhengzhou Anletang.

            Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                         RMB’000

            Property and equipment                                                                              55
            Inventories                                                                                         12
            Trade and other receivables                                                                        386
            Bank balances and cash                                                                           1,969
            Trade and other payables                                                                          (335)
            Right-of-use assets                                                                                586
            Lease liabilities                                                                                 (586)


            Net assets acquired                                                                              2,087


            Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                         RMB’000

            Consideration transferred                                                                        3,200
            Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                  2,087


            Total                                                                                            1,113




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021         157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      35.     ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

              (c)   Acquisition of the remaining 50% equity interest in Zhengzhou Anletang (Former
                    name:Zhengzhou Baishan) — continued

                    Goodwill arising on acquisition — continued

                    Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Zhengzhou Anletang because the consideration for the combination
                    effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Zhengzhou Anletang. These
                    benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria
                    for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be
                    deductible for the tax purposes.

                    Net cash inflow on acquisition of Zhengzhou Anletang

                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                    Cash consideration paid                                                                            1,600
                    Less: cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                 (1,969)


                    Total                                                                                               (369)


                    Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

                    Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB551,000 which is attributable to
                    Zhengzhou Anletang.

                    Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, total Group revenue for the period would have
                    been RMB2,329,049,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB890,075,000. The pro forma
                    information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
                    operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
                    January 1, 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

                    In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Zhengzhou Anletang been acquired
                    at the beginning of the current year, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and
                    equipment, acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business
                    combination rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.




158         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


36.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which mainly includes borrowings and loans from
      non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities, other long-term liabilities, net of restricted
      deposits, time deposits, bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to owners of the Company,
      comprising share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

      The Directors review the capital structure on an on-going basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
      the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall
      capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the
      issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.

37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.    Categories of financial instruments

            The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

            Financial assets
            At FVTPL                                                                   1,004,083           1,021,037
            At amortised cost                                                          1,572,839           1,382,995



            Financial liabilities
            At amortized cost                                                            556,477             551,105




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021     159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      37.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

              b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies

                   The Group’s major financial instruments include restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and
                   cash, trade and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, trade and other payables, loans from
                   non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities, other long-term liabilities and borrowings.
                   Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these
                   financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk
                   and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management
                   manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely
                   and effective manner.

                   Market risk

                   Currency risk

                   The primary economic environment in which the Group and its principal subsidiaries operate is the PRC
                   and their functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances, other receivables and other
                   payables are denominated in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The
                   management monitors foreign currency exposure by closely monitoring the movement of foreign
                   currency rates and control currency exposure position.

                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s major foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                   monetary liabilities as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                   Assets
                   US$                                                                             31,503                8,572
                   HK$                                                                             15,093              114,046



                   Liabilities
                   HK$                                                                             65,136               23,260


                   Sensitivity analysis

                   The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the
                   relevant foreign currencies. A sensitivity rate of 5% represents management’s assessment of the
                   reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
                   foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
                   period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.

                   A negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against
                   the relevant foreign currencies, whereas a positive number indicates an increase in post-tax profit. For a
                   5% weakening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite
                   impact on the post-tax profit.



160         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Currency risk — continued

           Sensitivity analysis — continued

                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

           If RMB strengthens against US$                                                  (1,181)                  (321)



           If RMB strengthens against HK$                                                  1,877                   (3,404)


           Interest rate risk

           The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest rate, time deposits, lease
           liabilities, other long-term liabilities and loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries.

           The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances,
           restricted deposits and borrowings.

           The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any
           interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the
           proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

           Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

           Financial assets at amortised cost                                             14,869               33,788


           Interest expense on financial liabilities not measured at FVTPL and lease liabilities:

                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                         4,359                   6,833
           Lease liabilities                                                               2,887                   2,692


                                                                                           7,246                   9,525




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021            161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      37.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

              b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                   Market risk — continued

                   Interest rate risk — continued

                   Sensitivity analysis

                   The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for
                   interest-bearing financial instruments. The analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate financial
                   instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A
                   10-basis point increase or decrease in deposit interest rates and a 50-basis point increase or decrease
                   in lending interest rates represent management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
                   interest rates.

                   If the deposit interest rate had been 10 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
                   constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been
                   increased/decreased by approximately RMB1,797,000 (2020: RMB1,709,000).

                   If the lending interest rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
                   constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been
                   decreased/increased by approximately RMB332,000 (2020: RMB364,000).

                   Other price risk

                   The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in unlisted financial products as
                   financial assets at FVTPL. The management considers alternative tools to mitigate other price risk and
                   manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks.

                   Credit risk and impairment assessment

                   Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
                   resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to
                   trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash, time deposits, restricted deposits and. The Group
                   does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its
                   financial assets.

                   The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
                   Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
                   impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarized as below:

                   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

                   The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of
                   burial service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines,
                   provision of landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration
                   authorities.




162         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers — continued

           The Group has concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At December 31, 2021, the Group’s
           largest and five largest customers accounted for approximately 24% (2020: 22%) and 59% (2020: 57%)
           of the total trade receivables, respectively. In order to minimise the credit risk, before accepting any new
           customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the
           potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The management of the Group
           has delegated a team responsible for monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken
           when overdue debts occur. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is
           significantly reduced.

           In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances
           individually or based on provision matrix. Except for customers with good credit rating and
           credit-impaired, which are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables are
           grouped under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment
           histories for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers. Impairment
           amount of RMB3,821,000 is recognized during the year (2020: nil).

           Other receivables

           For other receivables, the Directors make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
           receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and
           qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The Directors
           believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and
           the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
           the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables were insignificant and thus no loss allowance was
           recognized.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021          163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      37.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

              b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                   Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

                   Other receivables — continued

                   The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                   Internal credit                                                                     Other financial
                   rating            Description                                  Trade receivables    assets


                   Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of           Lifetime ECL         12m ECL
                                       default and does not have any                 — not
                                       past-due amounts                              credit-impaired

                   Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due           Lifetime ECL         12m ECL
                                       dates but usually settle after due            — not
                                       date in full                                 credit-impaired

                   Doubtful          There have been significant increases        Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL — not
                                       in credit risk since initial recognition      — not                credit-impaired
                                       through information developed                credit-impaired
                                       internally or external resources

                   Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset       Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL —
                                       is credit-impaired                            —                    credit-impaired
                                                                                    credit-impaired

                   Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the        Amount is written    Amount is written off
                                       debtor is in severe financial difficulty    off
                                       and the Group has no realistic
                                       prospect of recovery




164         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
           ECL assessment:

                                              Internal          12m or                               Gross               Gross
                                              credit rating     lifetime ECL               carrying amount     carrying amount
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                    Notes                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

           Financial assets at
             amortised cost
           Bank balances and         26       Low risk          12m ECL                          1,075,606           1,234,022
             cash
           Time deposits             25       Low risk          12m ECL                            285,677                  —
           Restricted deposits       19       Low risk          12m ECL                             69,379              61,403
           Other receivables         23       Note 1            12m ECL                             33,833              24,305
           Trade receivables         23       Note 2            Lifetime ECL-collective             22,071              25,367
                                                                  assessment
           Trade receivables         23       Low risk          Lifetime ECL-individual             90,094              37,898

           Note 1:   For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether
                     credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.

           Note 2:   For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
                     at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
                     and credit-impaired, and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision matrix
                     estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the debtor,
                     general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the
                     current as well as forward looking information at the period end.

           2021                                                          Past due         Not past due                  Total
                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000

           Other receivables                                                    —               33,833                33,833



           2020                                                          Past due         Not past due                   Total
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000

           Other receivables                                                    —               24,305                24,305




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2021            165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      37.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

              b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                   Liquidity risk

                   In the management of liquidity risk, the management monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
                   equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
                   effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and
                   ensures compliance with loan covenants, if any.

                   Liquidity tables

                   The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for their financial liabilities. The
                   table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the
                   earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

                   The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest rates are floating
                   rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the applicable interest rates as at December 31, 2021
                   and 2020.

                                                                Repayable on
                                                                     demand                                     Total
                                                    Weighted     or less than   1 year to   More than   undiscounted    Total carrying
                                                 average rate          1 year     5 years     5 years     cash flows          amount
                                                           %        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000

                   At December 31, 2021
                   Trade and other payables               —          373,860     118,720           —         492,580          492,580
                   Loans from non-controlling
                      shareholders of
                      subsidiaries
                      — fixed rate                       4.36         28,370          —            —          28,370           27,184
                   Lease liabilities                     4.35         18,027      38,170       12,154         68,351           61,416
                   Other long-term liabilities           4.97             —        9,308       36,285         45,593           36,713

                                                                     420,257     166,198       48,439        634,894          617,893


                                                                Repayable on
                                                                  demand or                                     Total
                                                   Weighted         less than   1 year to   More than   undiscounted     Total carrying
                                                 average rate          1 year    5 years      5 years     cash flows           amount
                                                           %       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

                   At December 31, 2020
                   Trade and other payables               —          468,334          —            —         468,334          468,334
                   Loans from non-controlling
                      shareholders of
                      subsidiaries
                      — fixed rate                       4.81         36,064          —            —          36,064           35,919
                   Borrowings
                      — variable rate                    5.00         14,553          —            —          14,553           13,860
                   Lease liabilities                     4.35         21,376      49,701        9,753         80,830           72,973
                   Other long-term liabilities           5.02             —        8,557       32,475         41,032           32,992

                                                                     540,327      58,258       42,228        640,813          624,078



166         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

           Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
           following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
           particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
           which the fair value measurements are categorized (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
           inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                                     Fair value
           Financial assets                   Fair value as at                       hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs
                                 31/12/2021                  31/12/2020
           Financial assets at   Cash management             Cash management         Level 3      Discounted cash flows
              FVTPL                products in PRC             products in PRC                       Key unobservable input is:
                                   with principal of           with principal of                     (1) Expected return;
                                   RMB665,973,000              RMB982,927,000                        (2) Risk-adjusted discount rate (note)

           Unquoted equity       10% equity investment       10% equity investment   Level 3      Income approach
             investments           in Huaxia Cemetery          in Huaxia Cemetery                    Key unobservable inputs are:
                                   of RMB38,110,000            of RMB38,110,000                      (1) Long term revenue growth rates, taking
                                                                                                         into management’s experience and
                                                                                                         knowledge of market conditions of the
                                                                                                         specific industry;
                                                                                                     (2) Weighted average cost of capital

           Unquoted equity       13.04% equity               N/A                     Level 3      Income approach
             investments            interests in Hainan                                              Key unobservable inputs are:
                                    Tongyuan of                                                      (1) Long term revenue growth rates, taking
                                    RMB300,000,000                                                       into managements experience and
                                                                                                         knowledge of market conditions of the
                                                                                                         specific industry;
                                                                                                     (2) weighted average cost of capital



           Note: The Directors consider that the impact of the fluctuation in expected discount rate of the cash management
                 products was insignificant as the cash management products have short maturities, and therefore no
                 sensitivity analysis is presented.


           There is no transfer among level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.




                                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                Annual Report 2021              167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      37.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

              c.      Fair value measurements of financial instruments — continued

                      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                          Financial assets
                                                                                                                 at FVTPL
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                      At January 1, 2020                                                                          455,690
                      Total gains:
                        — in profit or loss                                                                        18,638
                      Purchase                                                                                  1,494,627


                      Disposals/settlements                                                                      (947,918)


                      At December 31, 2020                                                                      1,021,037
                      Total gains:
                        — in profit or loss                                                                        27,966
                      Purchase                                                                                    910,621


                      Disposals/settlements                                                                      (955,541)


                      At December 31, 2021                                                                      1,004,083


                      Total gains for the period included in profit relates to financial assets designated at FVTPL held at
                      December 31, 2021(during the same period of last year:a gain of RMB18,638,000). Fair value gains on
                      financial assets designated at FVTPL are included in ‘other income, gains and losses’.

      38.     CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                   2021              2020
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

              Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property and
                   equipment and cemetery assets contracted for but not provided
                   in the consolidated financial statements                                      59,240            86,095




168         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


39.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

      The Group participates in the MPF Scheme. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the
      Group and are invested in funds under the control of independent trustees. For members of the MPF Scheme,
      the Group contributes 5%, with maximum of HK$3,000 per person of relevant monthly payroll costs to the
      MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by employees. No forfeited contributions are available under the
      MPF Scheme.

      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
      operated by the PRC Government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute 12% to 20% of the total
      monthly basic salaries of their current employees to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The
      only obligation of the PRC subsidiaries with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the
      specified contributions.

      The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
      approximately RMB31,729,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB6,711,000), representing
      contributions paid and/or payable to the scheme by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021. As at
      December 31, 2021, contributions of RMB514,000 due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2021 had
      not been paid over to the plans (December 31, 2020: RMB255,000). The amounts were paid subsequent to
      the end of the reporting period.




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021         169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      40.     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities (including dividend payable, borrowings, lease
              liabilities, other long-term liabilities, loan from the third parties and loans from non-controlling shareholders of
              subsidiaries) arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising
              from financing activities are those for which cash flows were or future cash flows will be, classified in the
              Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                 Loans from
                                                                                      Other non-controlling Repayments of
                                           Dividend                     Lease      long-term shareholders of     loan from the
                                            payable    Borrowings    liabilities   liabilities   subsidiaries     third parties      Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

              At January 1, 2020                 —         36,360      82,740         21,345          49,938                —     190,383
              Financing cash flows         (294,890)      (45,079)     (23,739)         (250)         (16,797)         (54,368)   (435,123)
              New leases entered                 —             —       11,280              —               —                —      11,280
              New contracts entered              —             —             —        10,421               —                —      10,421
              Acquired on acquisition of
                 subsidiaries                    —         20,000            —             —               —            54,368     74,368
              Interest expense                   —          2,579        2,692         1,476           2,778                —        9,525
              Dividends paid to
                 non-controlling
                 shareholders of
                 subsidiaries               139,406            —             —             —               —                —     139,406
              Dividends recognized as
                 distributions              155,484            —             —             —               —                —     155,484


              At December 31, 2020               —         13,860      72,973         32,992          35,919                —     155,744


              At January 1, 2021                 —         13,860      72,973         32,992          35,919                —     155,744
              Financing cash flows         (342,783)      (51,172)     (23,884)         (601)        (10,208)          (56,800)   (485,448)
              New leases entered                 —             —         8,854             —               —                —        8,854
              Acquired on acquisition of
                 subsidiaries                    —         35,500          586         3,248               —            56,800     96,134
              Interest expense                   —          1,812        2,887         1,074           1,473                —        7,246
              Dividends paid to
                 non-controlling
                 shareholders of
                 subsidiaries               128,437            —             —             —               —                —     128,437
              Dividends recognized as
                 distributions              214,346            —             —             —               —                —     214,346


              At December 31, 2021               —             —       61,416         36,713          27,184                —     125,313




170         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


41.   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of the Directors, who are also key management, is disclosed in Note 9.

42.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:

                                                                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                              Place of                                                     value of issued share
                                              incorporation/     Date of                     Issued and     capital/ registered
                                              registration and   incorporation/        fully paid share/    capital held by the
      Name of subsidiaries#                   operations         establishment       registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                               At December 31,
                                                                                                              2021        2020
                                                                                                                %           %
      Directly held:
      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong)          Hong Kong          October 10, 2011           2 shares of        100         100     Investment holding
         Limited+                                                                             HK$2.00
         福壽園集團（香港）有限公司
      Indirectly held:
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group            PRC                January 18, 2011     RMB221,900,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Co., Ltd.^
         重慶福壽園集團有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan^                  PRC                February 21, 1994    RMB100,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         上海福壽園實業集團有限公司                                                                                                                services
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan^                     PRC                July 7, 2003          RMB30,120,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         河南福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                  services
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Consultancy      PRC                August 9, 2010        RMB10,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Company Limited^
         重慶福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan         PRC                February 22, 2002     RMB10,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
         Company Limited^ (“Hefei                                                                                                     services
         Dashushan”)
         合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Service            PRC                September 27,2008      RMB1,200,000            60          60     Provision of funeral
         Company Limited^                                                                                                             services
         合肥人本禮儀服務有限公司
      Hefei Huazhijian Flowers Company        PRC                May 13, 2010             RMB500,000            60          60     Provision of flowers
         Limited^                                                                                                                     and related
         合肥花之間花卉有限公司                                                                                                                  designing
                                                                                                                                      services
      Chongqing Anle Services^                PRC                September 11,1997      RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         重慶安樂服務有限公司                                                                                                                   services
      Chongqing Anle Funeral Services^        PRC                January 23, 2003       RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
          重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司                                                                                                                services
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Funeral           PRC                May 17, 2011             RMB500,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^                                                                                              services
         上海福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling^                 PRC                January 7, 2004        RMB8,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司                                                                                                                services
      Fumao Corporate Management              PRC                January 27, 2011       RMB5,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Consultancy (Shanghai) Company
         Limited^
         福泖企業管理諮詢（上海）有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan                  PRC                November 10, 2010   RMB3,400,000,000          100         100     Investment holding
         Shareholding Investment
         Corporation (Limited Partnership)-
         重慶福壽園股權投資企業（有限合夥）




                                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2021                 171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      42.     DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                                  Proportion of nominal
                                                     Place of                                                     value of issued share
                                                     incorporation/     Date of                     Issued and     capital/ registered
                                                     registration and   incorporation/        fully paid share/    capital held by the
              Name of subsidiaries#                  operations         establishment       registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                                      At December 31,
                                                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                                                       %           %
              Nanchang Hongfu Humanities             PRC                November 17, 2009    RMB140,000,000         50.89       50.89     Provision of burial
                 Memorial Co., Ltd.^ (Nanchang                                                                                               services
                 Hongfu)
                 南昌洪福人文紀念有限責任公司
              Chongqing Fuyuan Corporate             PRC                January 20, 2012        USD1,000,000          100         100     Investment holding
                 Management Consultancy
                 Company Limited+
                 重慶福元企業管理諮詢有限公司
              Xiamen Huaixiang Condolence            PRC                December 31, 2012      RMB5,000,000            90          90     Provision of funeral
                 Services Company Limited^                                                                                                   services
                 廈門市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
              Fu Shou Yuan Environmental             PRC                November 20, 2012     RMB50,000,000           100         100     Manufacturing and
                 Equipment Company Limited^                                                                                                  sales of
                 福壽園環保機械製造有限公司                                                                                                               cremation
                                                                                                                                             devices
              Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development      PRC                December 29, 2001     RMB10,000,000            50          50     Provision of burial
                 Company Limited^                                                                                                            services
                 山東福壽園發展有限公司
              Ningbo Yongyi Funeral Services         PRC                January 9, 2013        RMB1,000,000            60          60     Provision of funeral
                 Company Limited^                                                                                                            services
                 寧波永逸殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
                 Haigang Fu Shou Yuan^ (Note (a))    PRC                January 25, 2007      RMB50,000,000            40          40     Provision of burial
                 上海南院實業發展有限公司                                                                                                                services
              Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Environmental    PRC                March 21, 2013        RMB10,000,000           100         100     Sales and
                 Protection Equipment Company                                                                                                after-sales
                 Limited^                                                                                                                    service of
                 上海福壽園環保設備有限公司                                                                                                               cremation
                                                                                                                                             devices
              Shanghai Senfu Fruits and Vegetables   PRC                July 2, 2013           RMB1,600,000           100         100     Sales of agricultural
                Technological Development                                                                                                    products
                Company Limited^
                上海森福蔬果科技發展有限公司
              Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Jingguan         PRC                January 9, 2013        RMB1,000,000            95          95     Provision of
                Design Company Limited^                                                                                                      designing
                上海福壽園景觀設計有限公司                                                                                                                service
              Wuhan Changle Fu Shou Yuan Funeral     PRC                October 30, 2013       RMB1,000,000            51          51     Inactive
                Services Company Limited^
                武漢長樂福壽殯儀服務有限公司
              Chongqing Baitayuan^                   PRC                September 8, 1997     RMB13,405,700           100         100     Provision of burial
                重慶白塔園殯葬開發有限公司                                                                                                                service and
                                                                                                                                             funeral service
              Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment     PRC                March 13, 2014      RMB2,000,000,000          100         100     Investment holding
                 Fund Partnership (Limited
                 Partnership)-
                 重慶福鼎股權投資基金合夥企業
               （有限合夥）
              Beijing Fushouyuan Investment          PRC                March 26, 2014       RMB100,000,000            60          60     Investment holding
                 Co.,Ltd.^
                 北京福壽園投資有限公司
              Meilin Century Cemetery^               PRC                June 8, 1999          RMB32,730,000         50.89       50.89     Provision of burial
                  南昌福壽園殯儀有限責任公司                                                                                                              service and
                                                                                                                                             funeral service




172         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                    Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


42.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                         Proportion of nominal
                                            Place of                                                     value of issued share
                                            incorporation/     Date of                     Issued and     capital/ registered
                                            registration and   incorporation/        fully paid share/    capital held by the
      Name of subsidiaries#                 operations         establishment       registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                             At December 31,
                                                                                                            2021        2020
                                                                                                              %           %
      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery^       PRC                December 11, 2012    RMB118,600,000            90          90     Provision of burial
         遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司                                                                                                            service
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan^                   PRC                May 7, 2013            RMB3,500,000           100         100     Provision of burial
          婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司                                                                                                              service
      Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery          PRC                October 25, 2010      RMB54,500,000            80          80     Provision of burial
         安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司                                                                                                              service
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery         PRC                March 22, 2007        RMB55,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
         常州棲鳳山國際人文陵園有限公司                                                                                                            service
      Fushouyuan (Shanghai) Investment      PRC                July 14, 2015        RMB200,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Co., Ltd+
         福壽園（上海）投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Funeral            PRC                March 9, 2016         RMB30,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Arrangement Services Co., Ltd.^                                                                                            service
         泰安福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan         PRC                March 8, 2016         RMB80,000,000            51          51     Provision of burial
         Industrial Co., Ltd.^ (Chongqing                                                                                           service and
         Xiyuan)                                                                                                                    funeral service
         重慶福壽園西苑實業有限公司
      Wuyuan County Fu Shou Funeral Co.,    PRC                December 17, 2015        RMB100,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Ltd.^                                                                                                                      service
         婺源縣福壽園殯儀有限責任公司
      Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai            PRC                October 25, 2004       RMB1,500,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         棗莊市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司                                                                                                             service
      Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour      PRC                October 20, 2016      RMB70,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                 service
         宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Company          PRC                December 5, 2016       RMB1,200,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Limited^                                                                                                                   services
         合肥人本殯葬服務有限公司
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemete^                PRC                August 31, 2015       RMB48,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
         洛陽仙鶴紀念陵園有限公司                                                                                                               service
      Yancheng Dafeng Fushouyuan Funeral    PRC                January 17, 2017      RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         and Burial Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                              service
         鹽城大豐福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Gaoyou Fushouyuan Funeral Services    PRC                May 12, 2017          RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                 service
         高郵福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fushouyuan Memorial           PRC                September 25,2014     RMB30,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         Mausoleum Co. Ltd.^                                                                                                        service
         淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司
      Temshine^                             PRC                June 23, 2005          RMB6,150,000           100         100     Provision of
         北京天泉佳境陵園建築設計                                                                                                               designing
         有限公司                                                                                                                       service
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery^           PRC                May 8, 2013           RMB25,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
         廣西華祖園投資有限公司                                                                                                                service
      Changzhou Fushouyuan Etiquette        PRC                January 7, 2013          RMB500,000            76          76     Provision of funeral
         Co.,Ltd.*^                                                                                                                 service
         常州福壽園禮儀有限公司




                                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2021                 173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      42.     DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                                   Proportion of nominal
                                                      Place of                                                     value of issued share
                                                      incorporation/     Date of                     Issued and     capital/ registered
                                                      registration and   incorporation/        fully paid share/    capital held by the
              Name of subsidiaries#                   operations         establishment       registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                                                        %           %
              Qinzhou Huazuyuan Investment            PRC                July 31, 2017         RMB30,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
                 Co.,Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
                 欽州華祖園投資有限公司
              Taian Fu Shou Yuan Development          PRC                April 29, 2016        RMB40,000,000            65          65     Provision of burial
                 Co.,Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
                 泰安福壽園實業發展有限公司
              Ningde Huaixiang Funeral Services       PRC                July 17, 2017          RMB3,000,000            77          77     Provision of funeral
                 Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                   service
                 寧德市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
              Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral            PRC                October 25, 2017       RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
                 Services Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                          service
                 淮北福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
              Lujiang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services   PRC                October 31, 2017       RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
                 Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                   service
                 廬江福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
              Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery^             PRC                January 2, 2018        RMB2,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
                 朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有限公司                                                                                                                service
              Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery^              PRC                November 13, 2007     RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
                 內蒙古福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                 service
              Guizhou Tianyuanshan^                   PRC                March 27, 2017        RMB40,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
                 正安縣福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                 service and
                                                                                                                                              funeral service
              Xuancheng Mashan Scenic Service         PRC                January 5, 2018       RMB40,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
                 Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                   service
                 宣城馬山風景陵園有限公司
              Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service       PRC                April 3, 2018          RMB8,000,000            55          55     Provision of funeral
                 Center Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                            service
                 杭州蕭山殯儀服務中心有限公司
              Dalian Fushouyuan Xijianshan            PRC                December 10, 2018    RMB100,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
                 Industrial Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                        service
                 大連福壽園西尖山實業有限公司
              Fushoujia (Shanghai) Industrial         PRC                August 7, 2017        RMB30,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
                 Development Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                       service
                 福壽家（上海）實業發展有限公司
              Ningbo Fenghua Fushouyuan Funeral       PRC                June 11, 2018          RMB1,000,000            60          60     Provision of funeral
                 Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                           service
                 寧波奉化福壽園殯葬禮儀服務
                 有限公司
              Changzhou Jintan Fushouyuan Funeral     PRC                October 25, 2018       RMB1,000,000            80          80     Provision of funeral
                 Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                           service
                 常州金壇福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
              Yanshan County Fushouyuan Funeral       PRC                August 23, 2018       RMB25,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
                 Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                           service
                 鉛山縣福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
              Ganzhou Ronglong Humanities             PRC                November 29, 2018     RMB10,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
                 Memorial Park Management Co.,                                                                                                service
                 Ltd.^
                 贛州蓉龍人文紀念園管理有限公司
              Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery^               PRC                December 24, 2012     RMB20,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
                 湖北天聖公墓有限公司                                                                                                                   service




174         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                     Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


42.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                            Proportion of nominal
                                               Place of                                                     value of issued share
                                               incorporation/     Date of                     Issued and     capital/ registered
                                               registration and   incorporation/        fully paid share/    capital held by the
      Name of subsidiaries#                    operations         establishment       registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                                At December 31,
                                                                                                               2021        2020
                                                                                                                 %           %
      Shandong Anzun Life Culture Service      PRC                January 28, 2019      RMB60,000,000            49          49     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd.^ (“Shandong Anzun”)                                                                                                 service
         (Note (b))
         山東安尊生命文化服務有限公司
      Fuyang Fushouyuan Funeral Service        PRC                July 23, 2018          RMB5,500,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
         阜陽福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Linquan Heheyuan Funeral Home            PRC                June 24, 2019         RMB50,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Co.,Ltd.^                                                                                                                     service
         臨泉駕鶴園殯儀館有限公司
      Shucheng Fushouyuan Funeral              PRC                November 11, 2019      RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                  service
         舒城福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Zaozhuang Fushouyuan Etiquette           PRC                December 12, 2019     RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                            service
         棗莊市福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery^              PRC                September 29,         RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司                                             2000                                                               service
      Jinsha Fuze^                             PRC                January 6, 2011       RMB74,000,000            80          80     Provision of funeral
         金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司                                                                                                                 service
      Shanghai Fushouyun Life Information      PRC                November 19, 2012     RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                         service
         上海福壽雲生命信息科技有限公司
      Gansu Hailinjinggang Industrial          PRC                July 2, 2009          RMB70,000,000            95          95     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
         甘肅海林幜港實業有限公司
      Changfeng Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^   PRC                January 1, 2020          RMB300,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         長豐福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司                                                                                                               service
      Ruichang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^    PRC                September 30,          RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         瑞昌市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司                                             2020                                                               service
      Shanghai Shengsheng Culture              PRC                March 24, 2014         RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Communication Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                      service
         上海聖生文化傳播有限公司
      Binzhou Fu Shou Yuan Industrial          PRC                November 12, 2020      RMB1,500,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
         濱州福壽園實業有限公司
      Chaohu County Fu Shou Yuan Funeral       PRC                November 27, 2020        RMB500,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Service Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                            service
         巢湖福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Industrial           PRC                December 1, 2020      RMB30,000,000            90          90     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd. ^                                                                                                                   service
         大連福壽園實業有限公司
      Fu Shou Garden (Zhanjiang)               PRC                May 15, 2020          RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         Humanities Memorial Company                                                                                                   service
         Limited.^
         福壽園（湛江）人文紀念有限公司
      Hefei Ruining Shoufu Funeral Service     PRC                June 9, 2020           RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                                                    service
         合肥瑞寧壽福殯儀服務有限公司
      Guangxi Fu Shou Yuan Industrial          PRC                June 15, 2021         RMB10,000,000           100          —      Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd.*^                                                                                                                   service
         廣西福壽園實業投資有限公司




                                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2021                 175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      42.     DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                                Proportion of nominal
                                                    Place of                                                    value of issued share
                                                    incorporation/     Date of                    Issued and     capital/ registered
                                                    registration and   incorporation/       fully paid share/    capital held by the
              Name of subsidiaries#                 operations         establishment      registered capital          Company           Principal activities
                                                                                                                    At December 31,
                                                                                                                   2021        2020
                                                                                                                     %           %
              Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Investment        PRC                June 4, 2021         USD30,000,000           100          —      Investment holding
                Co., Ltd.*^
                大連福壽園投資有限公司
              Yunnan Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service   PRC                October 13, 2021      RMB1,000,000           100          —      Provision of funeral
                Co., Ltd.*^                                                                                                                service
                雲南福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
              Heze Fuluyuanº^                       PRC                January 31, 2013     RMB50,000,000            90          —      Provision of burial
                菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公司                                                                                                              service
              Zhengzhou Anletangº^                  PRC                April 26, 2019        RMB2,000,000           100          50     Provision of funeral
                鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限公司                                                                                                              service
              Anhui Longmen Culture Cemeteryº^      PRC                January 15, 2015     RMB21,000,000           100          —      Provision of burial
                安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司                                                                                                               service

              #        The English names of all subsidiaries established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

              *        The entity was set up during the year ended December 31, 2021.

              ^        These entities are established in the PRC in the form of domestic limited liability company.

              +        These entities are established in the PRC in the form of wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

              —        The entity is established in the PRC in the form of limited liability partnership.

              °        The entity was acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021.

              Notes:

              (a)      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan was an associate of the Group prior to January 4, 2013. On January 4, 2013, the Group has
                       been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of Haigang Fu
                       Shou Yuan unilaterally. As such, Haigang Fu Shou Yuan is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group from January
                       4, 2013.

              (b)      The Group has been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities
                       of Shandong Anzun unilaterally. As such, Shandong Anzun is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group.


              None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




176         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                   Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


43.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

      The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material
      non-controlling interests:

                                     Place of
                                     incorporation
                                     and principal     Proportion of ownership
                                     place of      interests and voting rights held      Profit allocated to                   Accumulated
                                     business        by non-controlling interests     non-controlling interests           non-controlling interests
                                                            2021            2020         2021             2020               2021             2020
                                                              %               %       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
      Hefei Dashushan                PRC                      40               40        31,631          27,511              67,438          35,807
      Nanchang Hongfu                PRC                   49.11            49.11        15,866          10,386             113,749          97,883
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan           PRC                      60               60        83,573          71,547              97,560         126,877
      Guanlingshan Cultural          PRC                      10               10         3,245           1,256              39,000          35,755
        Cemetery
      Chongqing Xiyuan               PRC                      49              49          2,138             521              41,590          39,452
      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan          PRC                      50              50         11,379          11,560              66,735          55,356
        Development
      Changzhou Qifengshan           PRC                      20              20         10,005            6,947             37,364          33,874

      Individually immaterial                                                            11,774            7,513            165,444         149,201
         subsidiaries with
         non-controlling interests

      Total                                                                             169,611         137,241             628,880         574,205


      Summarized financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material
      non-controlling interests is set out below. The summarized financial information below represents amounts
      before intragroup eliminations.

      Hefei Dashushan

                                                                                                                   2021                      2020
                                                                                                          RMB’000                      RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                                        235,212                      148,539



      Non-current assets                                                                                     10,232                        10,148



      Current liabilities                                                                                    38,039                        35,117



      Non-current liabilities                                                                                38,810                        34,053



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                          101,157                        53,710



      Non-controlling interests                                                                              67,438                        35,807




                                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                   Annual Report 2021               177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      43.     DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
              NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

              Hefei Dashushan — continued

                                                                                    2021        2020
                                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000

              Revenue                                                             139,322    121,175



              Expenses                                                            (60,244)    (52,398)



              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of
                the Company                                                        47,447     41,266
              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to non-
                controlling interests                                              31,631     27,511


              Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                   79,078     68,777



              Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                              —      28,800



              Net cash inflow from operating activities                            88,087     68,706



              Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                  (1,056)       661



              Net cash outflow from financing activities                               —      (72,000)



              Net cash inflow (outflow)                                            87,031      (2,633)




178         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


43.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Nanchang Hongfu

                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                136,734            94,460


      Non-current assets                                                            174,084           195,887


      Current liabilities                                                            58,760            74,154


      Non-current liabilities                                                        20,438            16,879


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  117,871           101,431


      Non-controlling interests                                                     113,749            97,883


                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        72,476            68,364


      Expenses                                                                      (40,170)          (47,215)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                                      16,440            10,763
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                    15,866            10,386


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             32,306            21,149


      Net cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities                            31,345            (4,030)


      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                     (5,270)           (7,336)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from financing activities                           (10,120)           25,006


      Net cash inflow                                                                15,955            13,640




                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021     179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      43.     DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
              NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

              Haigang Fu Shou Yuan

                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Current assets                                                         161,721    199,865


              Non-current assets                                                      71,479     69,797


              Current liabilities                                                     49,218     35,064


              Non-current liabilities                                                 21,382     23,137


              Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            65,040     84,584


              Non-controlling interests                                               97,560    126,877


                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Revenue                                                                228,778    202,330


              Expenses                                                               (89,489)    (83,085)


              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
                Company                                                               55,716     47,698
              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
                non-controlling interests                                             83,573     71,547


              Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                     139,289    119,245


              Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                            112,890     91,800


              Net cash inflow from operating activities                              143,346    124,455


              Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                     (1,210)         36


              Net cash outflow from financing activities                            (188,150)   (153,000)


              Net cash outflow                                                       (46,014)    (28,509)




180         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


43.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery

                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                    67,634            77,832


      Non-current assets                                                               376,899           384,652


      Current liabilities                                                               26,103            79,886


      Non-current liabilities                                                           28,433            25,051


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     350,997           321,792


      Non-controlling interests                                                         39,000            35,755


                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          126,562            92,816


      Expenses                                                                         (94,112)          (80,255)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                                         29,205            11,305
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                        3,245             1,256


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                32,450            12,561


      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                            —             5,283


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         62,884            63,858


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                               (7,027)              774


      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                       (58,000)          (52,837)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                         (2,143)           11,795




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021     181
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      43.     DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
              NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

              Chongqing Xiyuan

                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Current assets                                                          19,243     16,744


              Non-current assets                                                     130,386    130,407


              Current liabilities                                                     60,847     63,907


              Non-current liabilities                                                  3,905      2,730


              Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            43,287     41,062


              Non-controlling interests                                               41,590     39,452


                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Revenue                                                                 29,780     23,013


              Expenses                                                               (25,417)    (21,950)


              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
                Company                                                                2,225        542
              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
                non-controlling interests                                              2,138        521


              Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                       4,363      1,063


              Net cash inflow from operating activities                                7,596      5,843


              Net cash outflow from investing activities                                (223)     (7,929)


              Net cash outflow from financing activities                              (4,785)         —


              Net cash inflow (outflow)                                                2,588      (2,086)




182         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


43.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                    72,493             57,145


      Non-current assets                                                               122,032            116,851


      Current liabilities                                                               38,436             43,860


      Non-current liabilities                                                           22,619             19,424


      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                      66,735             55,356


      Non-controlling interests                                                         66,735             55,356


                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                           71,242             70,155


      Expenses                                                                         (48,484)           (47,035)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                                         11,379             11,560
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                       11,379             11,560


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                22,758             23,120


      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         26,414              2,740


      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                                    (96)              64


      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                       (12,379)                —


      Net cash inflow                                                                   13,939              2,804




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021     183
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      43.     DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
              NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

              Changzhou Qifengshan

                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Current assets                                                         158,864    112,524


              Non-current assets                                                      87,492    101,220


              Current liabilities                                                     31,075      21,806


              Non-current liabilities                                                 28,459      22,565


              Equity attributable to owners of the Company                           149,458    135,499


              Non-controlling interests                                               37,364      33,874


                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000

              Revenue                                                                 96,151      70,263


              Expenses                                                               (46,134)    (35,535)


              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
                Company                                                               40,012      27,781
              Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
                non-controlling interests                                             10,005       6,947


              Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                      50,017      34,728


              Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                              6,515       4,242


              Net cash inflow from operating activities                               63,776      43,521


              Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                      1,827        (333)


              Net cash outflow from financing activities                             (32,421)    (21,203)


              Net cash inflow                                                         33,182      21,985




184         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


44.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

      The statement of financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

      Non-current Asset
      Interest in subsidiaries                                                            1                    1


                                                                                          1                    1


      Current assets
      Trade and other receivables                                                         40                  40
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              1,770,907           1,677,702
      Bank balances and cash                                                        16,800            110,123


                                                                                 1,787,747           1,787,865


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                           312            23,490
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                  815,085            542,677


                                                                                   815,397            566,167


      Net current assets                                                           972,350           1,221,698



      Total assets less current Liabilities                                        972,351           1,221,699



      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                142,179            141,510
      Reserves (note)                                                              830,172           1,080,189


      Total equity                                                                 972,351           1,221,699




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021       185
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


      44.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY — continued

              Note:

                                                  Treasury          Share         Special   Share option    Accumulated
                                                    shares       premium*         reserve        reserve         losses          Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

              At January 1, 2020                         —       1,283,466         79,667          59,257       (234,108)     1,188,282
              Loss and total comprehensive
                expense for the year                     —              —              —               —          (9,078)         (9,078)
              Dividends recognized as
                distributions                            —       (155,484)             —              —               —        (155,484)
              Shares purchased by trustee
                under the restricted share
                incentive scheme                  (187,711)             —              —              —               —        (187,711)
              Exercise of stock options                  —        294,327              —         (51,754)             —        242,573
              Share-based compensation                   —              —              —           1,607              —           1,607


              At December 31, 2020                (187,711)     1,422,309          79,667          9,110       (243,186)     1,080,189


              Loss and total
                comprehensive expense
                for the year                             —              —              —              —           (4,874)        (4,874)
              Dividends recognized as
                distributions                            —       (214,346)             —              —               —        (214,346)
              Shares purchased by trustee
                under the restricted share
                incentive scheme                   (71,958)             —              —              —               —         (71,958)
              Exercise of stock options                  —         50,271              —          (9,110)             —         41,161


              At December 31, 2021                (259,669)     1,258,234          79,667             —        (248,060)       830,172


              •       Pursuant to section 34 of the Companies Act of Cayman Islands (2003 Revision) and the Articles of Association of the
                      Company, share premium of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders subject to a solvency on the
                      Company and the provision of the Articles of Association of the Company.




186         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021


45.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      Before the completion of the acquisition of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery in 2015, Mr. Liang Lihua (梁利華)
      (“Mr. Liang”), the selling shareholder of the 100% equity interest, entered into unauthorized transactions on
      behalf of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery to guarantee some of his personal loans, thereby incurring
      potential guarantee liability for Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery. Mr. Liang had also allegedly transferred
      some of his other personal loans to Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery without any proper corporate
      authorizations. Mr. Liang had not disclosed any of the abovementioned loans and guarantees to the Group
      before the completion of the acquisition of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery.

      As at the date of these consolidated financial statements, the creditors of Mr. Liang and the purported
      creditors of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery brought a total of 12 lawsuits against Mr. Liang and Wuyuan
      Wanshoushan Cemetery (the “Proceedings”) of which 7 were either settled, subsequently withdrawn or
      concluded by the Province People’s Courts and other courts resulting in a RMB2.3 million net settlement paid
      by the Group.

      The total claims on the remaining 5 Proceedings (the “Remaining Proceedings”), where appropriate, including
      the interest accrued up to the date of these consolidated financial statements, amounted to RMB63.38 million
      (2020: RMB58.46 million), and the status is disclosed as follows:

      •     3 claims for RMB61.73 million (2020: RMB57 million) awarded in favor of the plaintiffs in the
            second-instance of the High People’s Court of Jiangxi Province or Shangrao Intermediate People’s
            Court, Jiangxi Province. In one of the three cases, buildings of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery were
            restricted by court with carrying amounts of RMB7.21 million (2020: RMB7.9 million);

      •     1 claim for RMB0.76 million (2020: RMB0.68 million) awarded in favor of the plaintiffs in the
            second-instance of the Shangrao Intermediate People’s Court, Jiangxi Province.

      •     1 claim for RMB0.89 million (2020: RMB0.78 million) awarded in favor of the plaintiffs in the
            second-instance of the Shangrao Intermediate People’s Court, Jiangxi Province.

      However, the public security department had filed investigation for suspected crimes on the relevant
      personnel involved in the lawsuits.

      Based on the expert advices of the independent PRC legal counsel, the Directors are of the view that if the
      suspected crime is confirmed, Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery will be exempted from the potential
      guarantee and repayment liability.

      As at the date of these consolidated financial statements, after taking into account of the legal opinions by
      independent PRC legal counsels and the current status of the Remaining Proceedings, the Directors are of the
      view that the Remaining Proceedings will in the end result in a material adverse impact on the financial
      position and business operation of the Group is not probable and conclude that no provision shall necessarily
      be made. However, given the nature of the Remaining Proceedings, it would be impossible to predict the
      outcome of the proceedings with a sufficient degree of certainty.




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021         187
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                      2017          2018        2019         2020          2021
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

      Revenue                                     1,477,208    1,651,299    1,850,574    1,892,537     2,325,848
      Operating expenditures
      Staff costs                                  (354,356)    (401,192)    (416,125)    (385,805)     (469,616)
      Construction costs                            (54,091)     (70,137)     (72,897)     (76,495)     (167,358)
      Consumed materials and goods                 (109,148)    (117,113)    (141,477)    (149,109)     (177,538)
      Outsourced service costs                      (54,738)     (55,002)     (54,418)     (52,906)      (53,122)
      Marketing and sales channel costs             (61,758)     (43,876)     (38,671)     (36,072)      (43,986)
      Depreciation and amortisation                 (74,697)     (92,730)    (123,170)    (136,713)     (146,734)
      Other general operating expenditures         (119,178)    (137,717)    (139,039)    (133,406)     (197,643)
      Inventory changes                              (8,076)     (10,638)       4,564        5,872       28,448


      Impairment losses under expected
        credit loss model (“ELC”), net of
        reversal                                         —            —            —              —       (3,821)
      Profit from operations                        641,166      722,894      869,341      927,903     1,094,478
      Other income, gains and losses                 58,805       60,172       88,632       61,707      103,580
      Share of profit (loss) of a joint venture        398            —          (176)            4      (11,577)
      Finance costs                                 (15,585)      (8,293)     (11,128)      (9,525)       (7,246)


      Profit before taxation                        684,784      774,773      946,669      980,089     1,179,235
      Income tax expense                           (134,611)    (159,140)    (211,350)    (222,784)     (289,591)


      Profit and total comprehensive income
        for the year                                550,173      615,633      735,319      757,305      889,644



      Profit and total comprehensive income
        for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                         417,350      488,364      578,579      620,064      720,033
      Non-controlling interests                     132,823      127,269      156,740      137,241      169,611


                                                    550,173      615,633      735,319      757,305      889,644



                                                  RMB cents    RMB cents    RMB cents    RMB cents    RMB cents
      Earnings per share
      — Basic                                          19.6         22.2         25.9         27.4          31.6


      — Diluted                                        19.3         21.9         25.7         27.3          31.6




188      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                                                       FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                              As at 31 December
                                            2017          2018          2019           2020         2021
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

Assets and liabilities
Total Assets                           4,662,035     5,237,704     5,985,620      6,678,175    7,405,450
Total liabilities                      (1,057,531)   (1,186,821)   (1,400,407)   (1,536,089)   (1,733,130)


                                       3,604,504     4,050,883     4,585,213      5,142,086    5,672,320


Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                              3,018,163     3,512,431     4,043,070      4,567,881    5,043,440
Non-controlling interests                586,341       538,452       542,143        574,205      628,880


                                       3,604,504     4,050,883     4,585,213      5,142,086    5,672,320




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021      189
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “AGM”                                 the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on May 25, 2022

      “Alliance Rise”                       Alliance Rise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Hongkong
                                            on May 8, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct wholly-
                                            owned subsidiary of Zhongfu

      “Annual Report”                       this annual report dated March 18, 2022 of the Company

      “Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”        a cemetery in Anyang of Henan Province and operated by Anyang Fu
                                            Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.* (安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司), formerly
                                            known as Anyang Wulong Civil Service Co., Ltd* (安陽縣五龍民生服務有限
                                            公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “Articles of Association”             the amended and restated articles of association of the Company
                                            conditionally adopted on December 3, 2013 (as amended, supplemented
                                            or otherwise modified from time to time)

      “ASP”                                 Average unit selling price

      “Audit Committee”                     the audit committee of the Company

      “Auxiliary services”                  auxiliary services includes provision of landscape and garden design
                                            services and production and sales of cremation machine and the related
                                            maintenance service

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”       the board of Directors

      “CG Code”                             the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                            Rules

      “Changchun Huaxia Cemetery”           a cemetery in Changchun City of Jilin Province and operated by
                                            Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (長春華夏陵園有限公司), a limited
                                            company established under the laws of the PRC

      “Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”       a cemetery in Changzhou City of Jiangsu Province and operated by
                                            Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (常州棲鳳山國際
                                            人文陵園有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”          a cemetery in Chaoyang County of Liaoning Province and operated by
                                            Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有
                                            限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company




190      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021
                                     DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“China” or “PRC”                     the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this Annual
                                     Report, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
                                     and Taiwan

“Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”    Chongqing Anle Funeral Services Co., Ltd.* (重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司),
                                     a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary
                                     of the Company

“Chongqing Anle Services”            Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                     company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                     Company

“Chongqing Baitayuan”                a cemetery in Yongchuan of Chongqing Municipality and operated by
                                     Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶白塔
                                     園殯葬開發有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                     PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing FSY Group”                Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 福 壽 園 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                     formerly known as Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福
                                     壽 園 實 業 有 限 公 司), a company established in the PRC on January 18,
                                     2011. It is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Companies Act”                      the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised)
                                     of the Cayman Islands (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                     from time to time)

“Company”, “our Company”, “Fu Shou   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (福壽園國際集團有限公司), a
  Yuan”                              limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
                                     Islands on January 5, 2012

“Compliance Committee”               the compliance committee of the Company

“connected person(s)”                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                        the director(s) of the Company

“EIT Law”                            the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax

“FSG Holding”                        FSG Holding Corporation, a company incorporated in BVI on December 6,
                                     2011 and one of the Company’s Shareholders

“FSY Hong Kong”                      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company
                                     incorporated in HK on October 10, 2011. It is a direct held subsidiary of
                                     the Company




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021        191
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Global Offering”                     the offering by the Company of its Shares for subscription by the public in
                                            Hong Kong and placing with professional and institutional investors
                                            outside the United States in December 2013

      “Grand Fire”                          Grand Fire Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on July
                                            2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), the non-executive
                                            Director

      “Group”, “our Group”, “us”, “we”      the Company and its subsidiaries
        or “Fu Shou Yuan Group”

      “Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”          a cemetery in Fangchenggang City of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
                                            Region and operated by Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.* (廣西
                                            華祖園投資有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2017

      “Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”      a cemetery in Tieling City of Liaoning Province and operated by Liaoning
                                            Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園
                                            林 公 墓 有 限 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Guizhou Tianyuanshan”                Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (正安縣福壽園實業有限公司),
                                            formerly known as Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (貴州
                                            天圓山殯儀服務有限公司), a limited company established under the laws
                                            of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”                a cemetery in Pudong New District of Shanghai (上 海 浦 東 新 區) and
                                            operated by Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co. Ltd.* (上海南
                                            院實業發展有限公司), a company established in the PRC and a subsidiary
                                            of the Company

      “Hefei Dashushan Co.” or “Hefei       Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公
        Dashushan”                          司), a company established in the PRC on February 22, 2002, owned as to
                                            40% by Chongqing FSY Group, 40% by Hefei Shushan Martyr Cemetery
                                            Management Department* (合 肥 蜀 山 烈 士 陵 園 管 理 處), and 20% by
                                            Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. It is an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                            the Company

      “Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”           a cemetery in Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and
                                            operated by Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古福
                                            壽園實業有限公司), formerly known as Helingeer County Anyou Ecological
                                            Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (和林格爾縣安佑生態紀念陵園有限責任公
                                            司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company




192      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2021
                                   DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”               a cemetery in Longhu Town, Xinzheng city of Henan Province (河南省新鄭
                                   市龍湖鎮) and operated by Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (河南
                                   福壽園實業有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                   PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Hongfu”                           Shanghai Hongfu Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (上海鴻福投資發展有
                                   限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on November
                                   28, 2000 and owned as to 50% by NGO 1 and 50% by NGO 2, one of the
                                   Company’s Shareholders

“Hong Kong”                        the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$” and   Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
  “cents”                          Kong

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“Hubei Tianxian Cemetery”          a cemetery in Wuhan of Hubei Province, a limited company established
                                   under the laws of the PRC and became a subsidiary of the Company since
                                   January 2019

“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”           a cemetery in Jinzhou City of Liaoning Province and operated by Jinzhou
                                   City Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd.* (錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                   Company

“Last Year”                        the year ended December 31, 2020

“Linxin”                           Shanghai Linxin Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (上海臨信資產管理有限公
                                   司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                                   investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                                   Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會)

“Listing”                          listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                     December 19, 2013, the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                                   commence on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”                    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                                   amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”          A cemetery in Luoyang City of Henan Province and operated by Luoyang
                                   Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (洛 陽 仙 鶴 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a
                                   limited company established under the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                   Company since January 2017




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2021        193
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Meilin Century Cemetery”             a cemetery in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province acquired and operated by
                                            Nanchang Hongfu

      “Model Code”                          the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                            set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

      “Nanchang Hongfu”                     Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.* (南昌洪福人文紀念有限
                                            責任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “NGO 1”                               Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Development Service Centre* (上海中民
                                            老齡事業開發服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                                            established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                                            Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social welfare
                                            benefits, with an emphasis on facility developments, and one of the
                                            Company’s indirect Shareholders

      “NGO 2”                               Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Consultancy Service Centre* (上海中民
                                            老齡事業諮詢服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                                            established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                                            Qingpu Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social
                                            welfare benefits, with an emphasis on advisory services, and one of the
                                            Company’s indirect Shareholders

      “Nomination Committee”                the nomination committee of the Company

      “Peaceful Field”                      Peaceful Field Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                            July 2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生), the
                                            executive Director

      “Perfect Score”                       Perfect Score Group Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in
                                            BVI on June 18, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise

      “Prospectus”                          the prospectus of the Company dated December 9, 2013

      “Remuneration Committee”              the remuneration committee of the Company

      “Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”   the restricted share incentive scheme adopted by the Company with effect
                                            from November 29, 2019

      “Restricted Shares”                   any Share(s) that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                            participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

      “RMB”                                 Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC




194      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2021
                                DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“SFO”                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                               Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                               time)

“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”        Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.* (山東福壽園發展有限公
                               司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                               subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”        a cemetery in Qingpu District of Shanghai and operated by Shanghai FSY
                               Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業集團有限公司), formerly known
                               as Shanghai FSY Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業發展有
                               限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                               subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Zhongfu”             Shanghai Zhongfu International Trade Co., Ltd.* (上海眾福國際貿易有限公
                               司), a company established in the PRC. It was a wholly-owned subsidiary
                               of Zhongfu

“Share(s)”                     ordinary share(s) with a nominal value of US$0.01 each in the share capital
                               of the Company

“Share Option Scheme”          the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                               December 3, 2013

“Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of the Share(s)

“sq.m.”                        square meters

“Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Takeovers Code”               the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (as amended,
                               supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Temshine”                     Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.* (北京天泉佳境陵園建築設
                               計有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and
                               a subsidiary of the Company since August 2017

“United States”                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                               subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “US dollar”           United Stated dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wish and Catch”               Wish and Catch Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                               June 28, 2013, wholly-owned by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), the chairman
                               and one of the executive Directors of the Company




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2021         195
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”                a cemetery in Wuyuan of Jiangxi Province and operated by Wuyuan
                                                   Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司), a limited
                                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                                   Company

      “Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”                        Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福壽園西苑實業
                                                   有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                                   subsidiary of the Company

      “Year”                                       year ended December 31, 2021

      “Yongying”                                   Yongying Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (永 贏 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                                   company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                                                   investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                                                   Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會), the investment made by
                                                   Yongying in the Limited Partnership for and on behalf of Yongying Asset
                                                   — Yonghui Phase II special Asset Management Plan (永贏資產 — 甬匯二
                                                   期專項資產管理計劃)

      “Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”                 Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市福
                                                   壽園殯葬服務有限公司), formerly known as Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai
                                                   Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市山亭興泰殯儀服務有限公司), a limited
                                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                                   Company since November 2016

      “Zhongfu”                                    China Zhongfu Industrial Group Limited* (中國中福實業集團有限公司), a
                                                   limited liability company established in the PRC on July 15, 1985 and
                                                   directly wholly-owned by Hongfu, and one of the Company’s Shareholders

      “%”                                          per cent


      *     Denotes English translation or transliteration of the name of a Chinese company or entity or vice versa and is provided for
            identification purposes only.




196       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2021
