CONTENTS
Corporate information                                                                 2

Chairman’s Statement                                                                  4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    8

Profiles of Directors and Senior Management                                          24

Directors’ Report                                                                    31

Corporate Governance Report                                                          48

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                         60

Consolidated Financial Statements

  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income            65

  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                       66

  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                        68

  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                               69

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                     71

Financial Summary                                                                  188

Definitions and Glossary                                                           190




                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                  COMPANY SECRETARY
    Executive Directors                                                 Ms. Hu Yi (1)
    Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
    Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)                                  AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)                                  Mr. Bai Xiaojiang
                                                                        Ms. Hu Yi (2)
    Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Ma Xiang                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Lu Hesheng                                                      Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng                                          P.O. Box 1350
                                                                        Clifton House
    Independent Non-executive Directors                                 75 Fort Street
    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                                     Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                     Cayman Islands
    Mr. Ho Man
    Ms. Wu Jianwei                                                      HEADQUARTERS
                                                                        Room 1306
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                     No. 88 Cao Xi Road North
    Mr. Ho Man (Chairman)                                               Shanghai
    Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng                                          China 200030
    Mr. Luo Zhuping
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                 HONG KONG
    Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)                                        Unit 709, 7/F
    Mr. Wang Jisheng                                                    K. Wah Centre
    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                                     191 Java Road
    Mr. Ho Man                                                          North Point
    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                     Hong Kong


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                              PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. Luo Zhuping (Chairman)                                           TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                                                  Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Chen Qunlin                                                     P.O. Box 1350
                                                                        Clifton House
    COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE                                                75 Fort Street
    Ms. Wu Jianwei (Chairman)                                           Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Luo Zhuping                                                     Cayman Islands
    Mr. Ho Man
    Mr. Chen Qunlin

    Notes:

    (1)
             With effect from September 13, 2018, Ms. Hu Yi has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company in place of
             Mr. Tsoi Ka Ho, who was appointed as the company secretary of the Company to replace Mr. Zhang Jingming on May 7,
             2018.

    (2)
             With effect from September 13, 2018, Ms. Hu Yi has been appointed as an authorized representative of the Company in place
             of Mr. Tsoi Ka Ho, who was appointed as an authorized representative of the Company to replace Mr. Zhang Jingming on
             May 7, 2018.


2   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2018
                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Construction Bank of China
Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Bank of Communications
Bank of Shanghai
Citibank, N.A.


AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu


STOCK CODE
1448


WEBSITE
www.fsygroup.com




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the 2018 full-year
    results of the Group.

    During the Year, the Group recorded revenue of RMB1,651 million, representing an increase of 11.8% compared
    with 2017. Net profit was RMB615.6 million, representing an increase of 11.9% compared with 2017, of which profit
    and comprehensive income attributable to owners was RMB488.4 million, representing an increase of 17.0%
    compared with 2017. The Board proposes a final dividend of HK3.72 cents per Share for 2018 to the Shareholders.
    Together with the interim dividend of HK3.72 cents per Share distributed during the Year, the total dividend for the
    full year of 2018 is HK7.44 cents per Share, which is in line with the Group’s committed dividend policy to reward all
    investors for their support.

    During the Year, the Group kept on consolidating the existing businesses. Leveraging the leading position of our
    well-established brand, good service reputation and high recognition from the government, we secured more
    opportunities for our business expansion. Meanwhile, the Group has successfully tapped into new markets by
    establishing footprint in the three provinces of Guizhou, Inner Mongolia and Hubei and autonomous region.
    Currently, we have gained a foothold in more than 30 cities in 15 provinces, autonomous regions and direct-
    controlled municipalities, including Shanghai, Henan, Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Liaoning, Fujian, Zhejiang,
    Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Guangxi, Beijing, Guizhou, Inner Mongolia and Hubei. By the end of 2018, we had 20 cemeteries
    and 22 funeral facilities in operation.

    “Filial piety” has long been China’s traditional culture and virtue, which serves as the back bone for the death care
    service industry to subsist and develop in the PRC. The Group currently focuses on the death care service market in
    the PRC which due to its huge population base and the cultural heritage of “filial piety”, will be developed into the
    largest death care service market in the world.

    The death care service industry is facing immense room and impetus for development because of urbanization,
    aging population and the increasing pursuit of quality death care services by the general public. The central
    government has speeded up the market-oriented reform of the death care service industry through promoting its
    strategy on the separation of its supervisory role from operator role. It encourages capitals from the community to
    participate in selected death care services. The Group will benefit during the course of such reform. In addition, the
    PRC government has regulated non-compliances of the industry recently through special rectification task forces.
    The Group considers that such measures are conducive to the healthy development of the Group and the industry,
    and enhance both the operating and business environment of the Group.

    The Company strongly agrees with the report delivered at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of
    China that the current divisions in society derive from the unbalance between the ever-increasing demand of a good
    life from the people and the shaky and incomprehensive development. The Company holds the view that Chinese
    people’s pursuit of high-quality, humane and respectable death care services is reasonable and should be satisfied,
    for such services are important components of a good life. The death care service industry of China is improving,
    but in terms the quality of facilities, environment, products, services and staff and so on, the variations between
    different regions are still large. The burial services and funeral facilities are still lagging behind in many regions. As
    such services fail to achieve its function of making people pass away respectfully with dignity, it has created a large
    expectation gap on the death care services between the general public and the operators in those regions. In this
    connection, the Chinese death care service industry does require a supply-side structural reform. The Company
    advocates and provides with a philosophy of “man as essential”, services with rich cultural content that follow the
    direction of society and civilization progress. The Company is one of the best death care service enterprise in every
    city we have entered; we get hospitable reception from our customers and recognition from the peers and the
    government.


4   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

To enable more general public to use our high quality and humane death care services, we speeded up our
outreach initiatives. In this connection, our coverage extended from an initial one region (i.e. Shanghai) to 15
provincial regions. At the same time, we enlarged our plan on the industry chain. Our business scope has been
extending steadily from burial services upon inception to five segments including burial services, funeral services,
machinery, design services and pre-need services. Since 2019, we have embarked on establishing Fu Shou Yuan’s
own merchandise brand, by giving impetus to the research and development of new products and the re-creation of
conventional goods, thereby further improving the supply chain. The synergy created by each of these segments
greatly enhanced our capability in providing comprehensive services to our customers. In addition, in January 2019,
the Group participated in the establishment of a Limited Partnership for funeral and cemetery buyout fund. Such
cooperation maximizes each party’s respective advantages in investment, financing and professional fields in China
or abroad. It also forms an effective resource alignment between capital and service projects, which will assist
further exploring the potential opportunities to grow, achieving more quality projects and enlarging our business
map.

During the year, the Group has been exploring more business and social value of pre-need contract for funeral
services and has attained sound reaction from the market. We established Fu Shou Home Life Care Community
Service Centre. We provide community services to the elderly and their families regarding elderly charities, legal
support, psychological aid, palliative care, etc. We also prepared pre-need funeral solution to settle farewell
ceremonies for the weak groups who rely on government compensation for living. Such solution was much
appreciated and brought us purchase orders. Meanwhile, we believe that, against the backdrop of aging population
with fewer children, pre-need services will appeal to more customers who wish to arrange their funeral matters in
advance by themselves and keep on bringing about a stable source of customers to funeral and burial segments.

During the year, the Group thrived to promote and upgrade our products and has achieved steady growth. Our
environmental-friendly cremation machines obtained an invention patent issued by the State. 12 sets of cremation
machines have been installed in Group’s funeral parlors and external parties (a total of 15 sets of cremation
machines have been installed in Group’s funeral parlors and 11 sets with external parties). The installed and
operating cremation machines were operating smoothly with exhaust gases complying with environmental
standards. We won bids to supply cremation machines to a state-owned funeral parlour in Wuhan, Hubei Province
and a funeral parlour in Shangrao, Jiangxi Province, in June and August 2018 respectively.

During the year, adhering to the Group’s primary mission to make people pass away respectfully with relief and
dignity, we have been active in participating in all kinds of social welfare and charitable activities, covering cultural
education, public welfare, poverty alleviation, charitable fundraising, hospice care and eco-environmental protection
aspects, in order to provide community services and to promote environmental-friendly and land-saving burial
projects. We have been continually exploring new modes of civil services for people’s welfare. In January 2018, we
won three awards in the 7th China Charity Festival. In January 2019, we established “Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Public
Welfare Development Foundation” for better integration of Fu Shou Yuan’s public welfare undertakings to help the
poor, the disadvantaged, the aged, the widowed, the illed, and the disabled. Such foundation will enable us
undertake more social responsibilities and further improve our corporate image. The Group has carried out a series
of life education activities jointly with many well-known universities across the country, and has promoted industrial
extension through such cultural activities.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018       5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    During the year, the Group communicated with peers and organizations in Korea, Japan and Mongolia etc., to
    conduct field visits, foster future cooperation, and steer industrial development. In September, the plate unveiling
    ceremony of the “Friendship Public Cemetery” of the Group and the Bolivia Memory Park was held in Cochabamba,
    Bolivia. Both parties reached a preliminary mutual agreement on strategic cooperation to promote the memorial
    complex project in downtown Santa Cruz, Bolivia. In addition, Fu Shou Yuan Life Service Academy and NFDA from
    the United States have reached a preliminary intent of organizing an exchange on education resources. It has been
    continuously putting efforts into the training sessions towards managers and professional staffs and preaching the
    Group’s culture and management ideology, in order to cultivate more elites for the industry and to enhance the
    development of death care service industry.

    In June 2018, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Humanism Memorial Museum won the award of “Pioneer Enterprise for
    Patriotism Education Base of Shanghai 2016–2017”, while Ms. Yi Hua, the Chief Brand Officer of the Group, was
    awarded the honor of “Pioneer for Patriotism Education Base of Shanghai 2016–2017”. In July, the Group received
    the award of “2018 Influential Brand of the Industry” in the 7th China Finance Summit. In November, Shanghai Fu
    Shou Yuan was named the 2018 Excellent Member of the Shanghai Public Relations Association. At the 7th China
    Finance and Economic Summit, the Group won the “2018 Industry Impact Brand” Award. We also won the
    “Innovative Enterprise Award” of the 9th China Talent Development Elite Awards for our industry training
    implementation and talent introduction and selection. Two employees from our funeral service team in Chongqing
    and Hefei were awarded the First-Class Prize and Third-Class Prize from “National Talent Competition of Funeral
    Services” (全國殯儀服務技能大賽) respectively. During the year, the Group received a number of honors including
    the Group level, subsidiary level, organization level as well as individuals. Such honors reflected the progress made
    by the Group in regard of professional capability, brand recognition, social welfare contribution, cultural
    connotations, educational meanings, and innovations. Such honors also meant unanimous recognition from the
    society to the Group.

    Ms. Yi Hua, the Chief Brand Officer was awarded as the Woman pace-setter of Shanghai, which is the highest
    distinction among female in Shanghai, further recognized the tremendous efforts the Group has paid over two
    decades in the death care industry. It is another testament, following the honour of the national honorary model of
    labour received by Mr. Wang Jisheng, the Chief Executive, to the significance of modern death care industry meant
    for the flourish of ecological civilization and the construction of spiritual civilization, altering the public’s perception
    towards the industry service providers. As Ms. Yi Hua mentioned in the “Life Cantabile” themed speech, a city or a
    country shall not only be “livable”, but also “heart-dwelling”. The provision of death care services is a “heart-
    dwelling” project, which reflects conceptual values and forms the root and source for a family, a society or even a
    country to remain true to original aspiration, and embrace the future.

    Looking at the past five years since we listed, our business expanded from 10 cities in 8 provinces to over 30 cities
    in 15 provinces. The number of cemeteries and funeral facilities in operation increased from 11 to 42, and 10
    projects are under construction. Our revenue increased by 170%. Our profits and comprehensive income
    attributable to owners increased by 192%. The number of our employees has exceeded 2,200. We have made
    remarkable achievements through five years’ development.




6   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Looking forward, under the trend of aging population, urbanization and a rise in cremation rate, there will be an
increasing demand for death care services with high expectation over the service quality. We will proactively
promote the supply-side structural reform of the death care service industry, and continuously providing customers
with various quality death care services. Meanwhile, we will seek opportunities to enter more cities, bring about our
humanistic services, advocate traditional culture, and promote urban civilization. We will also capitalize the synergy
created by each business segments and take advantage of modern cultural ideology and management expertise in
order to enhance the overall service quality of death care service industry and to seek extraordinary opportunities
for development along with the industry reform, and as a result, to create higher returns for our shareholders.




Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    MARKET OVERVIEW

    The increasing disposable income per capita in the PRC, vigorous promotion by the government on Chinese
    traditional culture and virtue, accelerating pace of urbanization, aging population, and pursuit of humane death care
    services by the general public have been generating huge demand on death care services in recent years. Such
    increase in demand call for increases in not only the quantity but also the quality and variety of the death care
    services. All these drivers have enhanced the death care service industry in the PRC to become one of the
    industries with steady growth rate, and its future growth will accelerate. Although economic growth of the PRC has
    slowed down in recent years, the death care service industry is relatively less affected by economic cyclical
    fluctuations.

    On September 7, 2018, the Chinese Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the Regulations on Funeral Management
    (Revised Draft for Inviting Opinions) (《殯葬管理條例 (修訂草案徵求意見稿) 》), which aims to shore up the oversight
    of the PRC death care service industry, drive its transformation, regulate its practices, satisfy public demand for
    death care services, and protect the dignity of the deceased and the interest of the general public. The Group
    expects there will be a higher entry barrier for both new and existing participants in the death care service industry.
    As a distinguished death care service provider and a leader of the industry in China, and consistent with the high
    standards of compliance that our operations have been meeting with, the Group believe that rectification and
    regulation will create a better environment with fair competition and adequate room for sustainable development.
    We will continue our efforts in directing the development of the industry and better serve the general public through
    our services that meet both the spiritual and cultural requirements. The management of the Group believe that the
    Bill will help rectify the irregularities in the industry and promote the development of the industry towards
    institutionalization, marketization and standardization, and eventually promote the long term development of the
    PRC death care service industry.

    In addition, we believe the increasingly stringent environmental protection requirements from the PRC government
    is providing a good opportunity for the Group, to promote its environmental-friendly cremation machines.

    BUSINESS COMMENTARY

    During the Year, the Group, as always, continued to consolidate and explore our brand value, put efforts in
    enhancing the landscaping and cultural setting of existing cemeteries, improve service quality, and offer innovative
    services and products. The beautiful cemeteries meticulously constructed by us and the customized services that
    we strived to provide continued to gain widespread recognition from our customers. During the Year, the Group has
    been proactively adjusting its business portfolio, product and service mix, sales channels, and regional revenue
    contribution, and has achieved continuous progress. Through such adjustments, we optimized our strategic layout
    for the industry chain and strategically expanded our funeral service business. As a result, the size of our funeral
    services regional business and the proportion of its income have been increased. Based on our expectations
    regarding the development of the death care industry, we also enhanced our landscape design ability for funeral
    facilities, formed independent business segments, improved the synergy between segments and strengthened our
    all-round competitiveness. Striving to transform cemeteries into urban cultural parks, we continued to optimize our
    product structure, increasing the proportion of land-saving products and artistic cemeteries while lowering
    traditional cemeteries so as to improve the effectiveness of land utilization. We also strengthened our sales team
    and self-operating channels, optimized sales channels and improved our customers’ consuming experience. While
    achieving a steady growth in Shanghai, we also proactively increased our business growth rate in regions outside
    Shanghai, thus reducing our reliance on Shanghai and optimizing the regional structure of the Group’s business.
    These adjustments helped expand our business scale while focusing on the efficiency, effects and effectiveness of
    each unit of our business, supporting the Group’s sustainable development and improving our core
    competitiveness.



8   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, the Group actively expanded its market reach. Business in the provinces where we already had
coverage before has been consolidated. With the help of brand advantage, quality service reputation and the
government’s recognition, we were given more opportunities to expand our market reach. Meanwhile, the Group
has successfully tapped into new markets by establishing footprint in 3 provincial regions of Guizhou, Inner
Mongolia and Hubei. Currently, our business has entered over 30 cities in 15 provinces, autonomous regions and
municipalities in the PRC including Shanghai, Henan, Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Liaoning, Fujian, Zhejiang,
Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Guangxi, Beijing, Guizhou and Inner Mongolia and Hubei. By the end of 2018, we had 20
cemeteries and 22 funeral facilities in operation.

During the Year, the efficiency of the following construction projects have been increased and significant progress
have been achieved: (i) the construction work of the cemeteries and funeral facilities in Bishan District, Chongqing
Municipality was completed and operation of the facilities commenced, which as the integrated project provides
both funeral and burial services in southwest China and has improved the layout of our industry chain in that area
and brought about good economic and social benefits; (ii) a new funeral parlor in Xuancheng City, Anhui Province
also commenced operation, which helped enhance the overall service quality of local funeral parlors, and received
appreciation from customers and the local government; (iii) construction work of Dafeng and the funeral facility
project in Gaoyou and the cemetery projects in Nanchang and Xuancheng were undergoing construction work
according to the plan, which may start operation in 2019.

During the Year, our mergers and acquisitions continued to gain positive results. In February 2018, we acquired
additional 20% equity interest in Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, our total equity interest in the cemetery
reached to 90%. In May 2018, the Group acquired 100% of equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery in
Liaoning Province, acquired 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan in Guizhou Province. Tianyuanshan
project is the only integrated death care service project in Zheng’an which established its leading position in local
market. The project is our first step as well as the footstone for further development in Guizhou Province. In May
2018, the Group also started the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery in Inner Mongolia
and the completion took place in August 2018. Helinge’er Anyou cemetery, which mainly serves the market of
capital city Hohhot, is a strategic pivot to support our future development in Inner Mongolia. In August 2018, we
completed the procedure of acquiring additional 25% equity interest in Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery in Jiangxi
Province. The cemetery has become our wholly-owned entity after completion of the transaction. In July 2018, the
Group entered into an investment agreement with a cemetery in Changchun City, Jilin Province to acquire 10% of
its equity interest. In December 2018, the Group entered into an agreement and started the acquisition of 80%
equity interest in Tianxian Cemetery in Hubei Province. The completion of the transaction took place in January
2019, and our business made its expansion into Hubei province for the first time.

During the Year, the Group further demonstrated its competitiveness for governmental funeral projects and its
capabilities in working with the government. In March 2018, we were awarded the concession to provide funeral
services for ten years in a government owned funeral parlor in Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou City of Zhejiang
Province. In October 2018, we once again became the winner of a public tender for the concession of building a
funeral parlor and operating it for 30 years under the “BOT” mode in Linquan County, Fuyang City. In addition, the
Group commenced several PPP funeral services projects for many other local governments: during the Year, we
were authorized to provide and have provided funeral services in the funeral parlours of Fenghua County of Zhejiang
Province and Kunshan City of Jiangsu Province; we were authorized to establish a funeral parlour in Yanshan
County of Jiangxi Province and have commenced operation under the “BOT” mode, with a term of 30 years; we
were also authorized to provide funeral services in the funeral parlour in Jintan City of Jiangsu Province upon its
completion of construction. As for cemeteries, we reached agreements with the relevant governmental authorities in
Qihe County, Shandong Province and Ganzhou City, Jiangxi Province, respectively, for co-financed projects of
constructing new cemeteries during the Year.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     The Group promoted pre-need contracts for funeral services and made impressive achievements during the Year.
     Based on more than twenty years of experiences on death care services and our knowledge regarding local
     customs and customer needs in different places, we kept upgrading the funeral service mix, and put together an
     open, transparent and standard service contract. We established Fu Shou Home Life Care Community Service
     Centre. We participated in community activities and provided community services to the elderly and their families
     regarding legal support, psychological aid, palliative care, etc. We also prepared pre-need funeral solution to settle
     the farewell ceremonies for the vulnerable groups who rely on government compensation for living. Such solution
     was much appreciated by the vulnerable groups and brought us purchase orders, achieving 383 orders in 3 batches
     of collective purchase from the governments of Hefei, Nanchang, Quanzhou. From sales channel aspect, we also
     worked with endowment and insurance institutions and designed a set of promotion routine and dialogue context
     which are practical for communicating with customers about pre-need services under non-funeral scenes. Our
     online sales platform was officially launched during the Year. Pre-need services were able to secure customers in
     advance and to bring about a stable source of customers to funeral and burial segments. Meanwhile, we believe
     that, under the backdrop of aging population with fewer children, pre-need services will appeal more customers
     who would like to arrange their funeral matters in advance by themselves. The Group will actively explore more
     social value and business value of pre-need services. As of the end of 2018, the Group has been offering pre-need
     contract for funeral services in 15 cities of 10 provisional regions. We signed a total of 2,485 contracts during the
     Year, representing an increase of 111.7% (2017: 1,174 contracts).

     During the Year, our environment-friendly cremation machines obtained an invention patent issued by the State. We
     installed twelve sets of new cremation machines in funeral parlours inside and outside the Group (a total of 15
     cremation machines have been installed in our Group and 11 outside the Group). Those cremation machines that
     had been installed were all operating smoothly with exhaust gases complying with environmental standard. In June
     and August 2018, we won a bid to supply eight sets and one set of cremation machine to a state-owned funeral
     parlor in Wuhan City of Hubei Province and a funeral parlor in Hengfeng County, Shangrao City of Jiangxi Province,
     respectively. We expect that the environmental-friendly cremation machine business will have considerable
     contribution to the Group’s revenue in the foreseeable future.

     Our employees are our most valuable resources. Having developed for many years, we have gathered in our Group
     talents of the death care service industry and continuously attracted external talents to join us. As a result, we have
     built up a well-balanced in terms of age and professional death care service team. This team, which bears the
     Group’s concept, works diligently at each of our operating locations. Through their efforts, the Group is able to
     invent new products, enhance service quality, expand its business, and then offer more value-added services to our
     customers. During the Year, two employees of the Group’s Chongqing and Hefei funeral team were awarded the
     First-Class Prize and the Third-Class Prize of “National Talent Competition of Funeral Services” (全國殯儀服務技能
     大賽). We strive to preach and implement the advanced international funeral concepts. The Group’s “Culture and
     Education Committee” and “Fu Shou Yuan Life Service College” continued to train and build up a pool of
     professionals for future business expansion. During the Year, Life Service College has reached an initial agreement
     with the NFDA of the United States on the exchange of teaching resources and the enhancement of training
     exchange with first-class funeral services institutions in Japan. The College will introduce quality teaching resources
     from overseas so as to facilitate the Group’s funeral services training, enhance standardized procedures and
     improve service standards of the entire industry within the country. During the year, the College co-organized the
     “Qingming Forum (清明論壇)” with Peking University, the “Interactive Life Education Forum (互動生命教育論壇)”
     with Nanhua University of Taiwan, and life education-themed activities with numerous colleges and social
     organizations with a view to publicizing the idea of life education in response to death-related contexts.




10   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, we established a system management center, enhanced standardized management and
informationized construction and improved the internal internet facilities of the Group. These will help us optimize
operation segments, budgetary control and internal control. In addition, we monitored closely our operations to
support the Group’s expansion and to increase its operating efficiency. Meanwhile, self-developed cemetery
business system has covered every cemetery in the Group, so will the funeral business system in 2019. Combining
the marketing system of big data will enable us to go beyond the traditional operating mode. We plan to create new
corporate competitiveness and consolidate our leading position in the industry by utilizing powerful online data
access and management capacity as well as offline service operating capacity and its geographical influence.

As a result of the above proactive adjustments and arrangements, we achieved a double-digit growth despite a
slowdown of China’s economy. The Group’s revenue amounted to RMB1,651.3 million, representing an increase of
11.8% when compared to 2017. We recorded RMB488.4 million in profit and comprehensive income attributable to
owners of the Company, representing an increase of 17.0% when compared to last year.

CHANGE IN PRESENTATION METHOD OF EXPENSES RECOGNIZED IN THE STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

There has been a change in the presentation method of expenses recognized in the statement of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income in 2018. The Group adopted the “function of expense” method in preceding years and
adopted the “nature of expense” method starting from 2018.

Under the “nature of expense” method, an entity aggregates expenses within profit or loss according to their nature
(e.g. staff costs, material consumed, marketing and sales channel costs, depreciation and amortisation). Under the
“function of expense” method, an entity classifies expenses according to their function as part of cost of sales or for
example, the costs of distribution or administrative activities.

The main reason for the above change in the presentation method is that management of the Group considers its
principal business is provision of death care services to its customers as a leading service provider of death care
services in the PRC. The “nature of expense” method can provide information that is more reliable and relevant
under the existing business model of the Group.

Set out below are the key factors that the management has mainly considered in making the above decision:

(i)    to present expenses using “nature of expense” method can better depict the characteristic of the Group, which
       is the provision of services instead of the selling of goods in the burial and funeral service industry; and

(ii)   to present expenses by their nature is more transparent and beneficial for investors to understand the
       businesses of the Group.

Such change in presentation does not change the Group’s final operating results.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     REVENUE

     During the Year, our revenue increased by RMB174.1 million or 11.8% to RMB1,651.3 million from RMB1,477.2
     million last year. We derive our revenue primarily from three business segments: burial services, funeral services and
     other services. Revenue from all three segments have increased at different rates during the Year. The following
     table sets forth our revenue by segment for the Year:

                                                                 2018                                2017
                                                        Revenue           % of total         Revenue           % of total
                                                      (RMB’000)            revenue         (RMB’000)            revenue

     Burial services                                   1,427,123             86.4%         1,300,045              88.0%
     Funeral services                                    197,688             12.0%           157,855              10.7%
     Other services                                       42,825              2.6%             37,138              2.5%
     Inter-segment elimination                            (16,337)            (1.0%)          (17,830)             (1.2%)


     Total                                             1,651,299            100.0%         1,477,208             100.0%


     BURIAL SERVICES

     The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue from burial services, including revenue from the sale of
     burial plots services and other burial services, for the Year:

                                                                 2018                                2017
                                                           No. of                              No. of
                                                     burial plots          Revenue        burial plots          Revenue
                                                                        (RMB’000)                             (RMB’000)

     Sale of burial plot services
        Ordinary business plots                           12,509          1,282,247            12,372         1,180,018
        Public welfare plots and tomb
             relocation                                     8,403            27,208            10,291             10,493


                                                          20,912          1,309,455            22,663         1,190,511


     Other burial services                                                  117,668                             109,534


     Total revenue from burial services                   20,912          1,427,123            22,663         1,300,045


     The ASP of ordinary business plots increased by 7.5% compared with last year, which was mainly attributable to
     our increasing service quality, expanding service scope, and enhancing cultural values included in our services.
     Accordingly, our value-added services are enhanced, which was demonstrated by higher prices.




12   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, the total number of ordinary business burial plots sold slightly increased by 137 when compared to
last year, representing an increase of 1.1%, which was mainly attributable to our new cemeteries from acquisitions
and mergers during the Year. The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue of sale from burial plots
services for ordinary business purpose from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new construction) and old
(i.e. comparable cemeteries) cemeteries during the Year:

                                                           2018                                   2017
                                                     No. of                                  No. of
                                               burial plots           Revenue          burial plots           Revenue
                                                                    (RMB’000)                               (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plots services for
    ordinary business purpose, from:
    Comparable cemeteries*                           11,191          1,231,293              12,252           1,174,668
    Cemeteries related to acquisitions/
      new construction                                1,318             50,954                 120               5,350


Total revenue from sale of burial
    plots services for ordinary
    business purpose                                 12,509          1,282,247              12,372           1,180,018


*      Comparable cemeteries refer to those cemeteries owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2017 to
       December 31, 2018.


During the year, the ASP of ordinary business plots of comparable cemeteries increased when compared to last
year, but the number of sales declined when compared to last year. This was mainly due to our proactive
adjustment of our operations, which increased: (i) the number of small burial plots sold; (ii) the number of artistic
burial plots sold while reducing the number of traditional burial plots sold; and (iii) the revenue contribution from our
own sales teams. All these changes further enhanced our comprehensive quality of services and satisfaction from
our customers. These changes are also beneficial to the healthy development of the Group in the long run.

During the Year, the number of burial plots sold for ordinary business purpose in the new cemeteries was 1,318, but
their ASP was lower than those of the comparable cemeteries as these new cemeteries need time to improve their
landscape, increase the services, strengthen their team and upgrade the operation gradually, in order to provide
high quality services to their customers and to increase the return of the Group. We formulated a systematic
operation improvement plan for these new projects to ensure the achievement of the above goals.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018    13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     FUNERAL SERVICES

     The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new
     construction) and old (i.e. comparable facilities) funeral facilities during the Year:

                                                                   2018                                    2017
                                                            No. of                                   No. of
                                                       customers             Revenue            customers              Revenue
                                                                            (RMB’000)                                (RMB’000)

     Funeral services, from:
         Comparable facilities*                             18,536             161,173              18,366              152,714
         Facilities related to new
           acquisitions/new construction                    17,955              36,515                2,154               5,141


     Total revenue from funeral services                    36,491             197,688              20,520              157,855


     *     Comparable facilities refer to those funeral facilities owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2017 to
           December 31, 2018.


     Our revenue from funeral services increased by RMB39.8 million or 25.2% to RMB197.7 million for the Year from
     RMB157.9 million for last year. Such increase was mainly due to an increase in revenue from the comparable
     funeral facilities and the contribution of our new funeral facilities starting from the second half of last year and during
     the Year. Both the ASP and service volume derived from the comparable funeral facilities increased during the Year
     as compared to last year. The ASP of these new funeral facilities was lower than that of the comparable funeral
     facilities, as most of these newly operated funeral facilities only offered basic services to their customers before our
     operation. These funeral facilities will provide high quality services to customers through introduction of new
     management and a variety of humanized funeral services after our operation. With the increased service items,
     improved service quality, and commencement of marketing activities, the Group’s revenue from funeral services has
     much room to grow.




14   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

Our cemeteries and funeral facilities under operation are strategically located in major cities across 13 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue from
burial services and funeral services by region:

                                                           2018                                2017
                                                   Revenue         % of total         Revenue             % of total
                                                  (RMB’000)         revenue         (RMB’000)               revenue

Shanghai                                            862,165           53.1%            780,296               53.5%
Henan                                                98,171            6.0%             88,265                6.1%
Chongqing                                            70,404            4.3%             70,563                4.8%
Anhui                                               158,072            9.7%            137,334                9.4%
Shandong                                             69,116            4.3%             59,718                4.1%
Liaoning                                            175,037           10.8%            174,109               11.9%
Jiangxi                                              55,071            3.4%             45,924                3.2%
Fujian                                               37,735            2.3%             33,636                2.3%
Zhejiang                                             17,359            1.1%              8,341                0.6%
Jiangsu                                              52,944            3.3%             57,017                3.9%
Guangxi                                              11,755            0.7%              2,697                0.2%
Inner Mongolia                                        9,958            0.6%                 —                    —
Guizhou                                               7,024            0.4%                    —                 —


Total                                             1,624,811          100.0%          1,457,900              100.0%


Revenue in most regions increased during the Year mainly because of revenue contributions from newly acquired or
operated cemeteries and funeral facilities, as well as the growth in revenue from comparable funeral facilities and
cemeteries.

OTHER SERVICES

Revenue from other services for the Year mainly represented the revenue generated from our professional design
services offered to cemeteries and funeral parlors throughout PRC and the revenue from the sales of environmental-
friendly cremation machines. During the Year, we recorded revenue from design services of RMB33.5 million. We
acquired a subsidiary specialized in providing design services in August 2017. The subsidiary improves our
business chain in the death-care industry and effectively support the growth in other services segment. During the
Year, we also recorded revenue from the sales of cremation machines of RMB9.3 million. We believe that the
cremation machine business will make considerable contribution to the Group’s overall revenue in near future.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     OPERATING EXPENDITURE

     The Group’s operating expenditure, which accounted for 56.2% of our total revenue for the Year (2017: 56.6%),
     increased by RMB92.4 million or 11.0% from RMB836.0 million last year to RMB928.4 million. The increase in
     operating expenditure is mainly attributable to an increase in operating expenses of RMB84.8 million arising from
     newly acquired and operated cemeteries and funeral facilities during the Year. Despite an increase in revenue from
     other comparable facilities, there was only a slight increase in operating expenses of RMB7.6 million or 0.9% due to
     more refined management and effective cost control.

     The Group’s staff costs include staff salaries, bonuses, benefits and amortization of share option cost. During the
     Year, the staff costs increased by RMB46.8 million or 13.2% from RMB354.4 million last year to RMB401.2 million.
     The increase was mainly due to an increase in the number of employees as a result of the expansion of the Group’s
     business footprint and enhanced effort in developing our direct sales team as well as the increase in incentives for
     our direct sales team. It was partially offset by a decrease in the amortization of the cost of certain share options
     upon expiry of vesting periods for such options.

     The construction cost represents our expenditures in building burial plot products (excluding stone materials).
     During the Year, the product construction cost increased from RMB54.1 million last year by RMB16.0 million or
     29.6% to RMB70.1 million, as we have been offering more beautiful environment, higher service quality, more timely
     and diversified choices to our customers.

     Consumed materials and goods represent materials and goods consumed when we provide burial, funeral and
     other services. They also include the materials and goods consumed when we build burial plots and cremation
     machines. During the Year, the consumed materials and goods increased from RMB109.1 million by approximately
     RMB8.0 million or 7.3% to RMB117.1 million, which is mainly due to the business growth during the Year.

     Marketing and sales channel costs mainly include advertising costs, marketing costs, and sales commission. During
     the Year, the marketing and sales channel costs decreased by RMB17.9 million or 29.0% to RMB43.9 million from
     RMB61.8 million last year. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the optimization of our sales channel in certain
     regions, enhancement of our direct sales team to ensure the systematicness and high quality of our services, and
     commission policy adjustment to gradually reduce the reliance on external sales agents.

     During the Year, depreciation and amortization increased by RMB18.0 million or 24.1% to RMB92.7 million from
     RMB74.7 million last year, which is mainly due to the commencement of operation of certain new cemeteries and
     funeral facilities starting from the second half of last year.

     Other general operating expenditures increased by RMB18.5 million or 15.6% to RMB137.7 million compared to last
     year, which is mainly due to expenditures from the newly acquired and operated burial and funeral facilities during
     the Year.




16   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING PROFIT AND OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing change of revenue and operating expenditure, our operating profit increased by 12.7%
or RMB81.7 million to RMB722.9 million for the Year from RMB641.2 million for last year. The following table sets
forth a breakdown of our operating profit and operating profit margin by segment for the Year:

                                                             2018                                     2017
                                                  Operating            Operating            Operating           Operating
                                                        Profit              Profit              Profit               Profit
                                                  (RMB’000)               Margin           (RMB’000)               Margin

Burial services                                      712,773               49.9%             620,347               47.7%
Funeral services                                      19,858               10.0%               27,419              17.4%
Other services                                         (9,098)            (21.2%)               (1,988)             (5.4%)
Inter-segment elimination                                (639)              3.9%                (4,612)            25.9%


Total                                                722,894               43.8%             641,166               43.4%


During the Year, the operating profit margin of burial services increased to 49.9% from 47.7% for the last year
mainly because of higher ASP of burial plots sold and effective cost control.

The new funeral facilities contributed the majority of the revenue growth of funeral services during the Year. These
new facilities provide both basic funeral services and value-added funeral services. As most of these new funeral
facilities are still in their initial stage of development, it takes time for them to steadily enhance their services and for
their customers to know and then purchase their value-added services. Therefore, the profit margin of funeral
facilities was dragged down by the new ones. As a result, the operating profit margin of funeral service segment
decreased to 10.0% for the Year from 17.4% for the last year. We expect that these new funeral facilities will
increase their ASP, service volume and profitability in future.

During the Year, other service segment recorded an operating loss of RMB9.1 million which was mainly due to the
operating costs incurred for cremation machines during the trial sale period. We are optimistic about the future of
the business on our environmental-friendly cremation machines under the back-drop of tightening the rules and
regulations on environmental protection by the government. The subsidiary, which offers design services was newly
acquired in the second half of last year and has delivered satisfactory results during the Year, but it is still not
sufficient to turn the whole segment of other services to be profitable.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB5.0 million on bank loans (2017: RMB6.0 million),
and interest expenses of RMB3.1 million (2017: RMB9.6 million) on loans from non-controlling shareholders of
certain subsidiaries.

Interest expenses on loans from non-controlling shareholders represent the interest expenses of loans borrowed by
certain non-wholly-owned subsidiaries from their non-controlling shareholders. These subsidiaries were jointly
invested by the Group and those non-controlling shareholders. Our Group and such non-controlling shareholders
jointly provided funding to these subsidiaries for their land acquisition and cemetery development via shareholders’
loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in addition to the registered capital. The interests are
charged based on the market rates.



                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2018     17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

     Other income, gains and losses for the Year mainly include interest income, government grants received, exchange
     gains and losses, losses from assets disposal, donations and etc.

     INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     Under the EIT Law and its Implementation Regulations, our PRC subsidiaries have been subject to the tax rate of
     25% since January 1, 2008. Our effective corporate income tax rate for the Year was 20.5% (2017: 19.7%). The
     difference between the standard tax rate of 25% and the effective tax rate of 20.5% for the Year can be attributable
     to the following factors: (i) certain subsidiaries in western regions of China are subject to a lower concessionary
     income tax rate of 15% pursuant to preferential tax policies for development of China’s western regions; (ii) our
     interest income earned from bank deposits placed in Hong Kong is free from any income tax according to relevant
     Hong Kong tax rules; (iii) certain subsidiaries enjoy a tax deduction on exercise of share options by their employees
     as agreed by relevant tax authorities; and (iv) the Group reverses certain prior year tax provisions when tax
     uncertainties on such provisions have been resolved.

     The income tax expenses increased by RMB24.5 million, or 18.2%, to RMB159.1 million for the Year from
     RMB134.6 million last year, mainly due to the increase of profit before tax as a result of business growth and the
     combined effects of the above factors during the Year.

     PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

     As mentioned above, our profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company increased
     by approximately RMB71.0 million, or 17.0%, to RMB488.4 million for the Year from RMB417.4 million for last year.
     This increase was primarily due to: (i) the overall growth of our revenue by 11.8%; (ii) the effective cost controls
     resulting in the stable increase of operating profit margin; and (iii) the more effective fund management.

     CASH FLOW

     The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statement of cash flows for the Year:

                                                                                                           2018                  2017
                                                                                                     (RMB’000)              (RMB’000)

     Net cash generated from (used in)
     — operating activities                                                                            769,316                648,172
     — investing activities                                                                         (1,120,260)               134,672
     — financing activities                                                                             (92,397)               (84,758)


     Total                                                                                             (443,341)              698,086


     *       An amount of RMB98.8 million related to the payment for cemetery land acquisition was here classified under the cash used
             in investing activities, instead of cash used in operating activities. This classification does not comply with International
             Financial Reporting Standards, however the management considers that this classification can reflect better the nature of
             the Group’s business and can make the information disclosed more comparable.




18   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2018
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

We generated our cash from operating activities primarily from proceeds of our death care service businesses. Our
cash used in operating activities is primarily for the development and construction of burial plots, and other
operating expenditures. Our net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB769.3 million for the
Year, representing an increase of RMB121.1 million or 18.7% as compared to last year, maintaining our sharpness
as always in generating cash from our operating activities.

During the Year, we used net cash of RMB1,120.3 million in investing activities. It was primarily due to: (i) net
increase of time deposits and other financial assets of RMB644.7 million; (ii) payment of RMB307.4 million to
acquire subsidiaries and other investments; (iii) payment of RMB113.5 million to acquire land use rights, including a
piece of land for cemetery development purpose located in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province, a piece of land for
cemetery development purpose and another piece of land for funeral parlor construction purpose located in
Xuancheng City of Anhui Province, and a piece of land for cemetery development purpose located in Qinzhou City
of Guangxi Autonomous Region; (iv) payment of RMB76.6 million to build new burial and funeral facilities in Bishan
District of Chongqing Municipality, Xuancheng City of Anhui Province, Zheng’an County, Zunyi City of Guizhou
Province, Nanchang City and Yanshan County of Shangrao City in Jiangxi Province and Dafeng District of
Yancheng City in Jiangsu Province; and (v) capital expenditures of RMB26.8 million for upgrades and maintenance
in other cemeteries and funeral facilities. Such cash outflows were partially offset by interest received of RMB54.4
million.

Our net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB92.4 million for the Year. It was primarily due to: (i) final
dividends for 2017 and interim dividends for 2018 paid to shareholders of the Company of RMB129.7 million, (ii)
dividends paid by subsidiaries to their non-controlling shareholders of RMB114.5 million, (iii) interest payment of
RMB15.7 million for our borrowings, and (iv) a net decrease of RMB9.2 million of bank borrowings. These cash
outflows were partially offset by: (i) the proceeds of RMB158.1 million received upon exercise of share options by
our employees; and (ii) the net capital and loan contribution from the non-controlling shareholders of certain of our
non-whole owned subsidiaries totaled at RMB18.6 million.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As at December 31, 2018, we had bank balances and cash of RMB1,493.7 million (December 31, 2017:
RMB1,937.0 million), time deposits of RMB48.3 million (December 31, 2017: RMB10.0 million) and financial assets
of RMB577.4 million (December 31, 2017: NIL), which is the cash management products with low to medium risk,
mostly capable of termination on short notice and maturing within 6 months or maturing upon the call to withdraw
cash by discretion of the Company, and are highly diverse and managed by a number of state-owned banks. The
expected return rates range from 2.2% to 4.30% per annum. Please refer to the Note 25 to the consolidated
financial statements for the details of the financial assets we held as at December 31, 2018. The Group has been
holding relatively high balance of cash to support its expansion strategy. To reasonably improve the cash yield, the
Group put certain treasury funds into short term cash management products where the safety and liquidity of the
funds are ensured. The products are issued and managed by the state-owned banks, with explicit expected yield
rates and specific maturity dates or redeemable on call. Even though the principals and return rates of such
products are in theory and as stipulated, determined by reference to the performance of the underlying government
debt instruments, treasury notes and corporate bonds with high credit ratings, and not guaranteed by the banks,
they are secured in substance considering the features and historical performance of such products and present
situation of bank system in the PRC. We internally regard our treasury fund put in such cash management products
as part of our cash balance, however, from the accounting point of view, they are classified as the financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss and the fair value is equivalent to the principal amount. In the foreseeable future, we
expect to fund our capital expenditure, working capital and other capital requirements from the cash generated from
our operations, bank borrowings, and other financing channels.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018       19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     We had outstanding bank borrowings of RMB103.9 million as at December 31, 2018. Of this outstanding balance,
     RMB75.0 million is repayable within one year, RMB15.0 million is repayable within two years and RMB13.9 million is
     repayable within three years. These borrowings were dominated in RMB and were subject to floating interest rates
     ranging from 4.35% to 4.998% per annum. As at December 31, 2018, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group
     had a loan of RMB32.0 million due to its non-controlling shareholder. The interest rate of the loan was 5.655% per
     annum without a specific repayment schedule. Another non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group also had a loan
     of RMB27.0 million due to its non-controlling shareholder. Such loan is repayable within one year with interest rate
     at 4.35% per annum.

     In addition, we had undrawn bank borrowing facilities of approximately RMB2,346.1 million as at December 31,
     2018.

     GEARING RATIO

     Gearing ratio is total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of each financial period multiplied by 100%. Our
     gearing ratio as at December 31, 2018 was 4.0% (December 31, 2017: 4.6%). Our operation has been lightly
     leveraged because of our good cash generating capability from our operating activities. Although we expect that our
     capital expenditure in the following years will maintain at a relatively high level, we do not anticipate our gearing ratio
     will substantially increase considering the balance of bank and cash on hand. Therefore, we are exposed to limited
     interest rate risk.

     CURRENCY RISK

     The Group conducts its businesses in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances
     are denominated in foreign currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2018,
     the financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and cash held in RMB, HK$ and US$ accounted for 94.9%, 3.5%
     and 1.6% respectively, of the total amount of these assets. We believe the current level of financial assets, time
     deposits, bank balances and certain payables denominated in foreign currencies expose us to a limited and
     manageable foreign currency risk. The management controls foreign currency risk by strictly managing the size of
     foreign currency risk exposure and closely observing the movement of foreign currency rates. We may, if necessary,
     hedge against foreign currency risk using financial instruments.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

     In 2018, we signed an agreement to acquire additional 20% equity interest in Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, one
     of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries, at a consideration of RMB120.0 million. Such transaction was completed in
     March 2018. Upon completion of the transaction, our equity interest in Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery increased
     to 90%. For details, please refer to our announcement dated February 12, 2018.

     In May 2018, we completed a transaction to acquire 100% equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery at a
     consideration of RMB28.6 million and any taxes incurred during the transaction. Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery
     mainly provides burial services in Chaoyang City of Liaoning Province.

     In May 2018, we signed an agreement in which we shall acquire 100% of equity interest of Helinge’er Anyou
     Cemetery by phases at a total consideration of RMB108 million and any taxes incurred during the transaction. The
     acquisition was completed in August 2018. Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery mainly provides burial services in the
     Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. For details, please refer to our announcement dated May 4,
     2018.




20   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In May 2018, we acquired 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan at a consideration of RMB41.8 million and a
further capital injection of RMB30.2 million to fund its capital expenditure. Guizhou Tianyuanshan holds the only
permission from the local government to build and operate a funeral parlor and cemetery in Zheng’an County, Zunyi
City of Guizhou Province, under the “BOT” model. The authorized operation period is 40 years starting from June
30, 2017.

In June 2018, we acquired an additional 25% equity interest in Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery, one of our non-
wholly owned subsidiaries at a consideration of RMB4.5 million through an auction. The acquisition was completed
in August 2018.

In July 2018, we made a capital injection of RMB29.0 million to a cemetery in Changchun City, Jilin Province to
acquire its 10% equity interest. It mainly provides burial services in Changchun City of Jilin Province.

In December 2018, we signed an agreement to acquire 80% equity interest in Hubei Tianxian Cemetery at a
consideration of RMB40.0 million. It mainly provides burial services in Xiantao City and Tianmen County of Hubei
Province. The acquisition was completed in January 2019.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at December 31, 2018, we had 2,235 full-time employees (December 31, 2017: 1,836). We offer competitive
packages and benefits to our staff. We also make contributions to social security insurance funds in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we provide staff training and development programs and
performance-based bonus to ensure that our employees are equipped with necessary skills and are remunerated
according to their performance.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

We contracted, but not provided in the financial statements, for capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
subsidiaries, land use rights, other investments, cemetery assets and property and equipment in a total amount of
approximately RMB144 million as at December 31, 2018. We also planned to provide approximately RMB335
million for the construction of new cemeteries and funeral facilities in Xuancheng City, Qinzhou City, Nanchang City,
Ganzhou City, Gaoyou City, Qihe County of Shandong Province and Fuyang City.

We expect our capital expenditure in 2019 and afterwards will maintain at a relatively high level as we are actively
seeking for industry consolidation and government-enterprise collaboration opportunities and are being approached
by many projects.

ASSETS PLEDGED

As at December 31, 2018, we pledged 80% equity interest in Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery to secure the bank
borrowings granted to finance the acquisition of this subsidiary. Except for that, no other assets of the Group were
pledged or charged.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018    21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     CEMETERY LANDS AVAILABLE

     The saleable area for burial plots was approximately 2.20 million sq.m. as at December 31, 2018 (December 31,
     2017: approximately 1.96 million sq.m.), which was sufficient to satisfy the needs of the Group’s sustainable
     operation in the long run. When we determine the saleable area of each cemetery, we have already estimated and
     excluded those areas not for construction of tombs, such as the areas in connection with business centres, office
     buildings, landscaping and main roads. Such estimation may be updated from time to time as our development plan
     may be improved from time to time.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As disclosed in our announcements dated January 8, 2016 and January 23, 2017, one of our indirect and non-
     wholly owned subsidiaries, Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery, was involved in a couple of lawsuits as a defendant.
     We had closed most of the lawsuits without substantial losses by the end of year 2017, with two outstanding
     lawsuits remaining. There has been no notifiable progress on these two lawsuits during the Year. Their status
     remains substantially unchanged from those set out in our latest announcement on the matter. An aggregate of
     claim amount of approximately RMB43.2 million was involved in these two lawsuits. Furthermore, the plaintiffs in the
     other two lawsuits which had been closed, lodged appeal to higher level courts in the second half of 2018, with an
     aggregate of claim amount of approximately RMB11.3 million. Therefore, as at December 31, 2018, there were four
     lawsuits outstanding, with an aggregate of claim amount of approximately RMB54.5 million (including the claimed
     principal and contingent interests).

     We are still in the process of taking all necessary steps, including by close cooperation with the public security
     department, in reversing the judgements and vigorously defending against the proceedings. As of December 31,
     2018, after taking into account of the legal opinion and the current status of the proceedings and investigation, the
     Directors were of the view that the proceedings would in the end result in a material adverse impact on the financial
     position and business operation of the Group was not probable and concluded that no provision should necessarily
     be made. However, given the nature of the proceedings, it would be impossible to predict the outcome of the
     proceedings with a sufficient degree of certainty.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On January 22, 2019, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group entered into a limited partnership agreement with
     Yongying and Linxin in respect of the setting up of a funeral and cemetery buyout fund and the subscription of
     interests therein. Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the total capital commitment to the limited
     partnership fund is RMB800.2 million and each of Yongying, the Group and Linxin has committed to contribute
     RMB400 million, RMB399.2 million and RMB1 million to the limited partnership fund, respectively. Meanwhile, the
     Group and Yongying entered into a shortfall supplement agreement. For more details, please refer to our
     announcement dated January 22, 2019.




22   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

PROSPECTS

Looking ahead, we will continue to do our best in the death care industry in China, leading the industry revolution
and improving services quality by continuous innovation and giving more respect, as well as cultural, environmental,
technological, and charitable connotation to death care services. We will adhere to our strategic goals, look for
suitable growth opportunities, strive for external development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly
disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s
need for high quality death care services. We will push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging
our advanced philosophy and expertise in death care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and
raise their standards on a par with ours. Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become
an important segment of the Group’s business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need
contract business as the core and innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to
increase the percentage of our funeral services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design
business, and foster the integration with the internet to improve service contents and accessibility. Last but not
least, while promote growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance between short-term interest
and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and stay focused on managing
Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to consistently rewarding our
investors with the best returns.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      23
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白 曉 江), aged 61, is the chairman, executive Director and chairman of the Nomination
     Committee. Mr. Bai is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Bai
     has been the chairman of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996. He has also been the president and chairman of
     Zhongfu since 1996. Mr. Bai is the director of each of Zhongfu, Shanghai Zhongfu and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. Mr.
     Bai has been a director of Chief Union Investments Limited since December 2011 and a director of Perfect Score
     since November 2015. He is also the chairman of Chongqing FSY Group. He acted as one of the promoters of each
     of NGO 1 and NGO 2. Mr. Bai has more than 21 years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC
     and has served the Group for 21 years. Mr. Bai had recognized accomplishments through his holding of senior
     engineering and business positions in the PRC, such as his senior role in the construction of the Lupu bridge in
     Shanghai. Mr. Bai is also a member of the 6th, 7th and 8th central committee of the China Democratic National
     Construction Association (中 國 民 主 建 國 會) and a member of the 8th, 9th, 10th and the 12th Chinese People’s
     Political Consultative Conference, Shanghai. Currently, Mr. Bai is the thirteenth vice president of the Shanghai
     General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president of the Hong Kong China Chamber of Commerce, the executive
     chairman of the Hong Kong-Mainland International Investment Society, an executive council member of China
     Charity Federation and an executive council member of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program.

     Mr. Bai served as a general manager in China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company (中國福利企業華東公司), the
     predecessor of Zhongfu, during the period from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Bai was a technician, manager of the technology
     department, assistant to general manager, vice general manager and general manager of China Kanghua Industrial
     Co., Ltd. (中國康華實業有限公司), the predecessor of China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company (中國福利企業
     華東公司), between 1987 and 1990. Mr. Bai was awarded a bachelor’s degree in computer science by the Shanghai
     Second Polytechnic University in 1986.

     Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (談理安), aged 54, is the vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr. Tan is responsible for the
     overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Tan was a director of Shanghai Fu Shou
     Yuan from December 2006 to December 2017, a director of Hefei Dashushan Co (合肥大蜀山) from December 2006
     to February 2014 and the vice chairman of Chongqing FSY Group from May 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Tan was
     a director of FSG Holding from December 2011 to August 2014.

     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tan had served as the director and the chief operation officer of the paper packaging
     division of Pacific Millennium Group (國際濟豐集團) since he joined the group in 1989. He also served as the chief
     executive officer of a joint venture company jointly owned by Pacific Millennium Group and International Paper
     Company between March 2001 and July 2005.

     Mr. Tan graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor’s degree in physical sciences in August
     1986 and received a master’s degree in business administration from University of Southern California in August
     1987.




24   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王計生), aged 66, is the executive Director and the chief executive of the Company. He is also
the chairman of the Strategy and Investment Development Committee of our Group. Mr. Wang is responsible for the
overall management and business operation and strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr.
Wang has been the managing director of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan and the director and general manager of
Chongqing FSY Group since 1996. He is an executive director of Chongqing Anle Services, Chongqing Anle Funeral
Services and Shandong Fu Shou Yuan. He is also president of Shanghai FSY Corporate Management Consultancy.
He acted as one of the promoters of NGO 2. Mr. Wang has more than 25 years of experience in the death care
services industry in the PRC and has served the Group for more than 25 years.

Mr. Wang has been a lecturer of courses organized by China Funeral Association for the senior management of
cemeteries since 1999. Prior to that he was appointed as the deputy general manager of Zhongfu in 1991. Mr. Wang
worked as a teacher in the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1991. Mr. Wang was a teacher
and counselor at local schools in Jiqing, Anhui between 1971 and 1980.

Mr. Wang is a renowned figure in the PRC death care services industry. Mr. Wang is the vice president of the China
Funeral Association and the officer of the Cemetery Committee of China Funeral Association. Mr. Wang has
completed the Senior Executive Program organized by the Faculty of Business Administration of the National
University of Singapore in November 2001 and the China CEO Management Innovation Executive Program
organized by Shanghai Jiaotong University in August 2004. Mr. Wang was awarded as the national honorary model
of labour in April 2015.

Mr. Wang has been an independent non-executive director of Pacific Millennium Packaging Group Corporation
(SEHK stock code: 1820), since December 2018.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), aged 69, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Lu is a senior engineer. He has more than 23
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC.

Since 2001, he serves as the director and general manager of Shanghai Nam Kwong Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
Between 1991 and 2001, he was general manager of Zhongfu, chairman and deputy general manager of China
Zhongfu Petrochemical Industry Co., Ltd.* (上 海 中 福 石 油 化 工 實 業 有 限 公 司), and vice chairman and general
manager of Shanghai Zhongfu International Trading Co., Ltd. From 1986 to 1990, he was general manager of
Shanghai Exhibition Centre Co., Ltd.* (上海展覽中心友聯公司).

From 1973 to 1985, Mr. Lu worked at the science and technology division, the information data department and the
equipment supply department of Shanghai Petrochemical Company Ltd., and held the positions of a deputy
secretary and the secretary to the Party Committee.

Mr. Lu graduated from Shanghai University of Engineering Science with a higher certificate in sales and exhibition in
June 1990.

Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng, aged 60, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Huang has been a general manager of
Chongqing Stone Tan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd since April 2015 and had been the chief financial officer of Big
Earth Publishing, Boulder, Colorado, since 2011 up to 31 October 2014. Prior to those, Mr. Huang served in various
senior management positions within Pacific Millennium Holding Corporation. Prior to joining Pacific Millennium
Holding Corporation, Mr. Huang served as corporate accounting manager at Electronic Data Systems in Dallas,
Texas, from 1984 to 1987. He had also served as president of Energy System International, Beijing from 2003 to
2006; member of the board between 1994 and 2000 and subsequently elected as chairman of the board between
1999 and 2000 for Millennium Bank, San Francisco, California.



                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      25
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Huang graduated from McMaster University in Canada with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in May 1982. He
     also completed an advanced management program sponsored by the Wharton School of Business at the University
     of Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) in March 1999. Mr. Huang has been a qualified certified public accountant in Texas (U.S.A.)
     since January 1989. Mr. Huang is currently not a practicing certified public accountant.

     Mr. Ma Xiang (馬翔), aged 49, has over 22 years of experience in investment and in the corporate finance industry.
     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ma worked as financial consultant of the investment and mergers department of
     China Technology International Trust Investment Co., Ltd* (中國科技國際信託投資有限公司) from April 1997 to July
     1999, financial controller of Century Network Information Telecom Co., Ltd* (世紀互聯信息電訊股份有限公司) from
     August 1999 to May 2001, general manager of investment analysis department of Beijing Investment Consultants
     Inc.* (北京海問諮詢公司) from June 2001 to December 2007 and investment manager of the institutional investment
     department of Harvest Fund Management (嘉 實 基 金 管 理 有 限 公 司) from January 2008 to August 2010. Mr. Ma
     served as assistant to general manager of the asset management center of Sunshine Insurance Group (陽光保險集
     團) from September 2010 to December 2012. Mr. Ma also held various positions at Sunshine Asset Management
     Corporation Limited (陽 光 資 產 管 理 股 份 有 限 公 司), including general manager of the securities investment
     department and research and development department from January 2013 to January 2014, investment controller
     from January 2014 to September 2015 and assistant to general manager from September 2015 to present.

     Mr. Ma obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics administration (投資經濟管理學), and subsequently a
     master’s degree in accounting, from the Central University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in 1992 and 1997,
     respectively.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Chen Qunlin (陳 群 林), aged 72, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen was the president of
     China Funeral Association (中國殯葬協會) from 2004 to 2011 and was the president of International Federation of
     Thanatologist Association (國際殯葬協會) from 2008 to 2010. Before that, Mr. Chen served as the director general of
     the Social Welfare and Social Affairs Department of the MCA (民政部社會福利和社會事務司) from 2001 to 2004 and
     the director of China Welfare Lottery Issuing Centre (中 國 福 利 彩 票 發 行 中 心) from 1992 to 2001. Mr. Chen also
     served as the president of China Communications Press (人民交通出版社) from 1991 to 1992, secretary general of
     the Political Reform Research Office of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee (中 共 中 央 政 治 研 究 室)
     from 1987 to 1990, secretary of the General Office and deputy secretary general of the Party Committee of Guizhou
     Province (中共貴州省辦公廳) from 1976 to 1986. Before that, Mr. Chen also worked at the Commune and County
     Party Committee of Sinan County, Guizhou Province (貴州省思南縣公社、縣委工作) from 1970 to 1976.

     Mr. Chen graduated from the Beijing Broadcasting Institute (北 京 廣 播 學 院, now known as the Communication
     University of China 中國傳媒大學) majoring in journalism in July 1969.

     Mr. Luo Zhuping (羅祝平), aged 67, is the independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Remuneration
     Committee. Mr. Luo has held various positions in China Eastern Airlines (中國東方航空公司) since 1988. He served
     as the deputy chief and then chief of the enterprise management department of China Eastern Airlines from 1992 to
     1997 and the deputy head of the share system office from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Luo served as the board secretary of
     China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (SEHK stock code: 670) for 15 years from December 1996 to April 2012.
     He became a director of the China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited from June 2004 to June 2013.




26   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Luo graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy of Anhui Labor University (安徽勞動大學) in August 1979 and the
Faculty of Law of Anhui University (安 徽 大 學) in July 1986. Mr. Luo pursued a postgraduate master’s degree
majoring in global economics at the Economics Department of Eastern China Normal University (華 東 師 範 大 學)
between 1992 and April 1994. In September 1998, he participated in an Executive Study Tour organized in the U.S.
by the State Economic and Trade Commission (國家經濟貿易委員會) and Morgan Stanley. He also completed a
CEIBS-Wharton Joint Program in Corporate Governance and Board of Directors in August 2008. Mr. Luo holds an
independent director certificate issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012 and a corporate governance
certificate issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in November 2004.

Mr. Ho Man (何敏), aged 49, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Ho has over 20 years
of working experience in private equity investment and finance and is currently the managing director of an
investment holding company. Prior to that, Mr. Ho served as an executive partner representative of a Chengdu-
based private equity investment fund from December 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Ho worked for a Hong Kong-based
private fund management company during January 2010 to December 2013 and was the managing director and
head of China growth and expansion capital of CLSA Capital Partners from August 1997 to October 2009. Mr. Ho
was the non-executive director of SCUD Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 1399) from December 2006 to October
2009) and Shanghai Tonva Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (SEHK stock code: 1103, previous stock code: 8251, currently
known as Shanghai Dasheng Agriculture Finance Technology Co., Ltd) from September 2008 to October 2009, both
being companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He was the independent director of Shenzhen
Forms Syntron Information Co. Ltd (stock code: 300468.SZ), a company listed on the ChiNext of Shenzhen Stock
Exchange, from February 2012 to February 2018).

Mr. Ho has been an independent non-executive director of Fantasia Holdings Group Co., Limited (SEHK stock
code: 1777), since October 2009; an independent non-executive director of CIMC-TianDa Holdings Company
Limited (SEHK stock code: 0445) since July 2015; an independent non-executive director of Momentum Financial
Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 1152), since November 2016; an independent non-executive director of
Magnus Concordia Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 1172) since January 2018; and an independent non-executive
director of Wanjia Group Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 401) since February 2018. All of the companies
mentioned above are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Moreover, Mr. Ho has been a director of Shenzhen Daxiang Space Construction Co., Ltd. (stock code: 836604), a
company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations, since September 2015.

Mr. Ho was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University and a
master’s degree in finance from the London Business School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018   27
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Ms. Wu Jianwei (吳建偉), aged 63, is the independent non-executive Director. Ms. Wu is also chairperson of the
     Compliance Committee and is responsible for overseeing the Group’s compliance aspects. She has been an
     arbitrator of the Beijing Arbitration Commission, from July 2001 to June 2017. She has obtained a PRC lawyer
     qualification since November 1998.

     Prior to joining the Group as Director, she was executive general manager of CITIC Securities Company Limited
     (stock code: SSE: 600030, SEHK: 6030) from July 2006 to June 2013. She was head of compliance at CITIC
     Securities Company Limited between November 2009 and June 2012. She was deputy general manager of the
     general office of China Life Reinsurance Company Ltd. (中國人壽再保險股份有限公司) between October 2004 and
     March 2005. She was assistant general editor and deputy editor-in-chief of China Law magazine (中 國 法 律)
     between July 1997 and July 2004. She was deputy office general manager of Huatai Insurance Company of China
     (華泰保險公司) between October 1996 and June 1997, responsible for legal affairs. She was a clerk, assistant judge
     and senior judge at the Civil Tribunal of the Supreme People’s Court of the PRC between February 1982 and
     October 1996.

     Ms. Wu has also been an independent director of a number of companies in China. She was independent director of
     Lianyungang Ideal Group Co., Ltd. (連雲港如意集團股份有限公司) between June 2002 and May 2009. She was an
     independent director of Huadong Medicine Co., Ltd. (華東醫藥股份有限公司) between June 2003 and May 2009.
     She was an independent director of Sanjiu Medical and Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (三九醫藥股份有限公司) between
     April 2005 and April 2008.

     Ms. Wu was awarded a bachelor’s degree in law by the Jilin University in February 1982. She was awarded a
     master’s degree in civil and commercial laws by Renmin University of China in January 1994. Ms. Wu also received
     training for independent directors from the China Securities Regulatory Commission in April 2002.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生) is our executive Director and the chief executive of the Group. For Mr. Wang’s
     biography, see “Executive Directors” above.

     Mr. Ge Qiansong (葛千松), aged 70, is the senior consultant to the chief executive of the Company. He has been
     deputy general manager and secretary to the board of directors of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1995. He was an
     officer of the Strategy and Investment Development Committee of our Group. He was also the managing director of
     Henan Fu Shou Yuan between 2009 and 2012 and Chongqing Anle Services between 2002 and 2012. He is also a
     director of Chongqing FSY Group. Mr. Ge has nearly 45 years of experience in the funeral service industry and has
     been in service with our Group for about 24 years. Mr. Ge worked for the Funeral Management Office of the
     Shanghai Civil Affairs Bureau from January 1977 to March 1992 as the deputy director and director of Shanghai
     Longhua Funeral House. From 1991 to 1993, Mr. Ge served in Xiao Ao (Japan) Co., Ltd. (日本曉奧公司), a company
     principally engaged in the provision of oral services, as a deputy general manager. He was the general manager of
     Shimazaki Co., Ltd. (日本島崎株式會社) from 1993 to 1995. Mr. Ge has been the chairman of the Technology and
     Cultural Committee of the China Funeral Association since 2012. Mr. Ge graduated with a diploma in politics from
     the Shanghai Normal University in July 1986. Mr. Ge completed the China CEO Management Innovation Executive
     Program organized by Shanghai Jiao Tong University in January 2005 and the continuous education courses
     organized by Tsinghua University in January 2008.




28   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Yi Hua (伊華), aged 51, is the chief brand officer and the officer of the culture and education committee of the
Group and is responsible for our public relations, educational training and cultural branding development. She has
been employed by Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996 and has been its deputy general manager since 2006. Ms. Yi
has nearly 23 years of experience in the funeral service industry in the PRC and has been in service with our Group
for nearly 23 years. Prior to joining our Group, she was the manager of the public relations department of Hong
Kong Tianhe Clothing Company Limited (香港天和製衣有限公司) from 1995 to 1996. From 1993 to 1995, Ms. Yi
served as the head of the marketing department of Hollywood Real Estate (好 萊 塢 房 地 產). She was an
administrative assistant in the Shanghai Office of American Asia Pacific International Group (美國亞太國際集團上海
辦事處) between 1990 and 1993. Before that, she worked at the Shanghai Tin Material Factory (上海鉛錫材料廠) as
a secretary of the management office from 1988 to 1990. She is also the director of the Experts Committee of China
Funeral Association. Ms. Yi is a well-recognized figure in business, having been awarded the Top Ten Chinese
Publicist Gold Award in 2007, the honors of Boao Public Relations Ambassador in 2010, the “Top 10 Outstanding
Females of Asian Brands” in 2012 and the “Person of Year 2015 in the funeral industry in China” in 2015. She has
been awarded as March 8 red flag bearer (a honour title for woman who have extraordinary achievements and
outstanding contributions on various fronts of socialist construction) of Shanghai for the year 2017/2018. Ms. Yi had
also been awarded 16 domestic and international planning awards during her 23 years of service. Ms. Yi is the
secretary-general of the “Xing Xing Gang” Project (星星港專項基金) of the Shanghai Charity Foundation (上海慈善基
金 會). Ms. Yi received a diploma in technology records awarded by the Shanghai School of Administration and
Management in July 1988. Ms. Yi completed the integrated marketing postgraduate course co-organized by the
Business School of Fudan University and University of Hong Kong in 2003 and the China CEO Innovation
Management Executive Program organized by Shanghai Jiao Tong University in August 2005.

Mr. Yuan Zhenyu, Frank (袁振宇), aged 44, is our chief financial officer. He has 21 years of experience in financial
management and is also a senior accountant, senior economist, Chartered Global Management Accountant
(CGMA), Fellow Chartered Management Accountant (FCMA) and Fellow of CPA Australia (FCPA). Prior to joining the
Group, from July 1998 to April 2015, Mr. Yuan had served in various positions of Baosteel Group Corporation (寶鋼
集團有限公司), a world top 500 enterprises and its subsidiary. From July 1998 to May 2004, he worked for Baoshan
Iron & Steel Co., Ltd* (寶山鋼鐵股份有限公司) (a Subsidiary of Baosteel Group Corporation, listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange, stock code: 600019), responsible for capital management. From June 2004 to May 2009, Mr. Yuan
served as head of capital management of Baosteel Group Corporation, responsible for corporate finance, cash
management, foreign exchange and risk management, capital budgeting and control, corporate credit ratings and
financial analysis. Mr. Yuan also served as finance manager, financial controller and general manager of finance of
Baosteel Resources International Company Limited (寶 鋼 資 源（國 際）有 限 公 司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Baosteel Group Corporation in Hong Kong, from June 2009 to April 2015, responsible for overall financial and
account reporting, taxation planning, capital management and trade settlement. Mr. Yuan has worked in Hong Kong
for many years and is familiar with the Hong Kong capital market, accounting and taxation rules and regulations and
has significant experience in international trade financing, mergers & acquisitions financing and bond issuance. In
addition, Mr. Yuan served as directors at several subsidiaries of Baosteel Resources International Company Limited
(寶鋼資源（國際）有限公司) located in Hong Kong, Singapore and Indonesia.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      29
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Yuan graduated from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics (東 北 財 經 大 學) in July 1998 with a
     bachelor’s degree in economics. He also obtained a Master’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of
     Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist
     University (香 港 浸 會 大 學) in March 2006 and November 2012, respectively. Mr. Yuan also completed the 15th
     session of the General Management Program (GMP) for executives at Harvard Business School in late 2013. Mr.
     Yuan was selected for the 10th cohort of the National Leading Accounting Talents Program, launched by the
     Ministry of Finance of the PRC, in March 2015.

     Mr. Zhao Yu (趙宇), aged 43, the Head of “Fu Shou Home” Department and the deputy head and secretary of the
     Preneed Business Development Committee of the Company and is responsible for leading the “Fu Shou Home”
     Department focusing on the analyses and development of pre-need and funeral planning business. Mr. Zhao was
     our joint company secretary and the secretary to the Board of the Company. Before he took up the role of joint
     company secretary in December 2013, Mr. Zhao was a deputy general manager of the Company preparing for its
     listing. Mr. Zhao had acquired over 13 years of experience in servicing the corporate finance field before that. Since
     joining the Company in 2009, Mr. Zhao has been focusing on the death care industry and has been involved in the
     formulation, development and implementation of the Company’s merger and acquisition strategies. From 2002 to
     2009, he served as deputy general manager of Fu Ji Food and Catering Services Holdings Limited (SEHK stock
     code: 1175, now known as Fresh Express Delivery Holdings Group Co., Limited) and general manager of Fu Ji Food
     Services Group Financial Management Company. Mr. Zhao was awarded a master’s degree in business
     administration by the American University in London in February 2002. Prior to that, he obtained a bachelor’s
     degree in finance and banking in June 1998 from the Dongbei University of Finance & Economics.

     Ms. Hu Yi (胡 軼), aged 34, is our company secretary. Ms. Hu has joined the Company since 2014 as the
     representative of Hong Kong office and manager of board secretary office. She is mainly responsible for investor
     relationships and overlooking the Group’s compliance matters. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Hu worked in
     BlackBerry Hong Kong Ltd as Project Manager from 2010 to 2013. Ms. Hu graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong
     University with a bachelor degree in English (Specialized in Finance and Business) in 2008. Ms. Hu obtained a
     master degree in China Studies from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2010 and a master degree in
     Corporate Governance from The Open University of Hong Kong in 2017. Ms. Hu is an associate member of the
     Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.




30   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board presents the directors’ report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2018.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the provision of burial services and funeral services. The
Group’s subsidiaries also carry on provision of designing services for cemeteries and funeral parlours,
manufacturing of cremation devices and sales and after-sales service of cremation devices. Details of the
subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 43 to the financial statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 65 of this Annual Report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The financial summary of the Group between 2014 and 2018 is set out on page 188 in the section “Financial
Summary” of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group realized the sale of 20,912 tombs and provided funeral
services to 36,491 customers and recorded total revenue of RMB1,651.3 million, made a net profit totalling
RMB615.6 million, and net profit attributable to our shareholders of RMB488.4 million.

As at December 31, 2018, we owned up to 20 cemeteries in operation, and were operating up to 22 funeral facilities
throughout the PRC. Our business coverage has expanded to thirty-plus cities across 15 provinces, autonomous
regions or municipalities in China. The expanding business footprints lay a good foundation for our future
development.

For more details of the business development and performance of the Group for the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”. The above section forms part of this report.

Principal risks and uncertainties

As the death care industry in China is originated from a long cultural history, it features a geographically distinctive
and traditional operation model. The conventions of such industry are now facing challenging innovation and the
maturity of relevant regulations remains to be seen while the world keeps progressing and updating. In a leading
position of China’s death care industry, the Group is committed to lead the modernization reform of the death care
business in China so as to reduce the risk arising from outdated regulations for the industry.

The death care industry in China, subject to the strict requirement of relevant regulations imposed by the
government, is a highly regulated industry. There are strict restrictions on licenses and land supply which pose risks
and uncertainties on the Group’s business expansion.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018      31
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     One of important strategies of the Group is accomplishing business expansion through mergers and acquisitions.
     However, the success of such strategy depends on a number of uncertainties, which mainly include: whether the
     acquired targets have any hidden debts and unknown potential litigations, whether we can integrate the acquired
     targets properly and enhance their value added, and whether there are sufficient skilled and qualified managerial
     personnel to satisfy the needs created during our expansion.

     Requirements and restrictions still exist in China on fund flow under capital accounts, which may affect the Group’s
     flexibility to make use of global funds to implement business expansion and our ability to distribute dividends to
     foreign investors.

     For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus.

     Important events

     In February 2018, we signed an agreement to acquire additional 20% equity interest in Guanlingshan Cultural
     Cemetery, one of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries, at a consideration of RMB120.0 million. Such transaction was
     completed in March 2018. Upon completion of the transaction, our equity interest in Guanlingshan Cultural
     Cemetery increased to 90%.

     In May 2018, we completed a transaction to acquire 100% equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery (朝陽龍
     山公墓) at a consideration of RMB28.6 million and any taxes incurred during the transaction. Chaoyang Longshan
     Cemetery mainly provides burial services in Chaoyang City of Liaoning Province.

     In May 2018, we signed an agreement in which we shall acquire 100% of equity interest of Helinge’er Anyou
     Cemetery by phases at a total consideration of RMB108 million and any taxes incurred during the transaction. The
     acquisition was completed in August 2018. Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery mainly provides burial services in the
     Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.

     In May 2018, we acquired 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan (貴州天圓山) at a consideration of RMB41.8
     million. We will further contribute additional capital of RMB30.2 million into Guizhou Tianyuanshan to fund its capital
     expenditure. Guizhou Tianyuanshan holds the only permission from the local government to build and operate a
     funeral parlour and cemetery in Zheng’an County, Zunyi City of Guizhou Province, under the “BOT” model. The
     authorized operation period is 40 years starting from June 30, 2017.

     In June 2018, we acquired an additional 25% equity interest in Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery (婺源縣萬壽山陵
     園), one of our non- wholly owned subsidiaries at a consideration of RMB4.5 million through an auction. The
     acquisition was completed in August 2018.

     In July 2018, we made a capital injection of RMB29.0 million to a cemetery in Changchun City of Jilin Province to
     acquire its 10% equity interest. It mainly provides burial services in Changchun City of Jilin Province.

     In December 2018, we signed an agreement in which we shall acquire 80% of equity interest of Hubei Tianxian
     Cemetery (湖北省天仙墓園) at a total consideration of RMB40.0 million. Hubei Tianxian Cemetery mainly provides
     burial services in the Xiaotao City and Tianmen County of Hubei Province. The acquisition was completed in
     January 2019.




32   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Events occurred since the end of the financial year

On January 22, 2019, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into the Limited Partnership Agreement with
Yongying and Linxin in respect of the establishment of a funeral and cemetery buyout fund and the subscription of
interest therein. Pursuant to the Limited Partnership Agreement, the total capital commitment to fund of the Limited
Partnership is RMB800.2 million and each of Yongying, the Group and Linxin has committed to contribute RMB400
million, RMB399.2 million and RMB1 million to the Limited Partnership, respectively. Meanwhile, the Group and
Yongying entered into the Shortfall Supplement Agreement.

We considers that by investing in funeral and cemetery buyout fund, (i) the Company shall possess the right of first
refusal for the investment projects of the buyout fund, which can provide a high-quality project reserve in a planned
way for the Group’s expansion; (ii) the Company can further explore potential investment opportunities for funeral
business, expand the Company’s existing business portfolio, diversify the Company’s income sources and generate
additional returns for the Shareholders; (iii) the Company’s financing channels can be further expanded and the
Company’s financing ability can be enhanced, providing a fund arrangement with market competitiveness for the
long-term stable development of the Company; and (iv) the Company’s funeral and cemetery services quality and
the compliance level of the industry can be enhanced, which shall boost a healthy development of the traditional
funeral and cemetery industry.

Future development

For more than four years since its listing, the Group has been striving to consolidate its leading position in the death
care industry in China through its operation strategies.

Going forward, in view of the immature market regulation and the fact that significant portion of resources in death
care industry in the PRC is still in the control of the government, we will seek for more cooperation with the relevant
level of government authorities for the expansion of our geographic presence in selected cities and for more steady
business environment and more support from the government. The Chinese government is putting forward the
reform of “separation of management and monitoring functions” to the death care industry and we have been
actively preparing for the reform. The sixteen ministries including the Ministry of Civil Affairs have recently
promulgated the “Guiding Opinion on further promoting the funeral and burial reform and encouraging the
development of the funeral and burial industry”, which further underlines the advancing of separation of government
functions from enterprise management and supervision and the deepening of marketization reform. We will seize the
opportunities arising from market reforms to increase its efforts in promoting strategic expansion through various
methods of cooperation including merger and acquisition.

Meanwhile, leveraging our leading brand and our advanced philosophy and expertise in death care business
operation, the Group will continue to expand our business operation in major cities and areas in other provinces
through acquiring cemeteries and funeral facilities by way of acquisition, establishment or cooperation. The Group
will integrate the newly acquired business, enhance acculturation and improve the management quality to meet our
standards, which will in turn increase the value added to the acquired cemeteries and funeral facilities.

In the future, we will continue to maintain the steady development of the core burial business and deep plough the
funeral service sector, further increase the sales force of environmentally friendly cremators, in addition to explore
and innovate as well as optimize the product mix.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Looking forward, the Group will continue to focus on core business as well as explore innovation and new
     expansion in order to continuously lead the virtuous development of the industry with more humanism and
     environmental friendliness.

     Environmental policies and performance

     The Group has always adhered to the sustainable development concept of “transforming cemeteries into parks,
     farewells into beautiful moments, treatment into enshrinement and darkness into splendor. The Group actively
     guides the society to have a deep thought on the new topic about “death education” and proposes the life
     philosophy “learn farewell” accordingly, which has promoted the development trend of the times.

     During the Year, the environmental, social and governance team of the Group reviewed and discussed its working
     results and future work focus in relation to sustainable development and required branches to include various
     indicators in relation to energy conservation and environmental protection in the scope of quarterly operation
     information reporting to promote the achievement of energy conservation and emission reduction objective. In
     addition, during the reporting period, the Group implemented the Administrative Measures on Suppliers (《供應商管
     理辦法》) and the Administrative Measures on the Purchase of Tombstones and Related Products (《墓石及相關產品
     年 度 採 購 管 理 辦 法》) and included the performance of social responsibilities of suppliers in the selection and
     admission of suppliers of the Group to continuously promote the performance of suppliers on sustainable
     development while practicing our own sustainable development. Moreover, the team continued to further carried out
     communication with and investigation and survey into stakeholders to fully understand the advice and expectation
     of stakeholders including employees, shareholders/investors, customers, government regulatory authorities,
     partners, communities and media in relation to the Group’s sustainable development. The investigation and survey
     results are used as basis of preparation of our independent sustainability report and important reference for
     formulation of the Company’s sustainable development strategy in the future.

     The Group has always put the green concept into all aspects of its operation and carries out regular inspection on
     the utilization of resources and energy and emission of pollutants of its branches. Meanwhile, the Group has been
     actively discovering and promoting its experience in energy conservation. The Group has also continuously
     launched new models of land-saving burial, including the European copper plate burial and the eco-friendly forest
     burial, which not only introduce modern and fashion elements, but also make full advantage of land resources.

     The group has always regarded the staff as the most valuable treasure, respecting and recognizing the hard work of
     each employee. In strict compliance with national and local laws and regulations, the group gathers talents in an
     equal, innovative and diversified way, motivates talents by transparent and multi-channel promotion system,
     empowers talents by professional and systematic training system, constantly improves the welfare of employees
     and maintains the health and safety of employees. The group will also proactively undertake social responsibilities
     such as humanities, charity, environmental protection, public welfare and stick to related activities. With the support
     of the Life-service Academy, the group will actively improve the quality of people’s livelihood services, lead the life
     education and promote the public welfare activities of culture memorial. During the year, the group participated in
     international communication activities on behalf of the Chinese funeral service industry, as well as acknowledged by
     a great number of social welfare awards and well recognized by all social sectors.

     Please refer to the 2018 Sustainability Report of the Group for more details of the Group’s sustainability policy and
     performance.




34   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with the relevant laws and regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements. The Group has set up system
and allocated human resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations, and to maintain cordial
working relationships with regulators through effective communications. During the Year, to the best of our
knowledge, the Group has complied with all of the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong,
including but not limited to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), the Listing Rules and the Regulations on Funeral And Interment Control.

Relationships with stakeholders

The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise our employees,
customers, suppliers, regulators and shareholders.

Employees

Our success depends on our qualified and skilled employees and we believe employees are the most valuable
resource and wealth of the group. Our group adheres to the value of people orientation and our goal is to constantly
maximize our employee value and enterprise value. Therefore, we developed a set of internal training programs and
provide a wide range of education and development opportunities for our employees. The Group also provides
competitive remuneration package to attract and motivate the employees. Performance appraisal and interview is
held for review the remuneration package of employees and makes necessary adjustments to conform to the
market standard. As at December 31, 2018, we had 2,235 full-time employees (December 31, 2017: 1,836).

Customers

The Group attaches extremely great importance to customer services and is committed to providing quality services
and products to our customers while maintaining long-term business growth. We conduct monthly call-back
interviews for customer satisfactory survey and made summary and analysis of customer opinions and provides
feedback to our customer after internal communication. We recognize the important role of customers in our
success and will continues to enhance our quality of our services and products.

Suppliers

Our suppliers mainly include tombstone producers, landscaping companies and so forth. Our Group has a complete
set of purchasing system with regard to suppliers, in order to safeguard the interests of our Group as well as give an
impetus to suppliers. Evaluation is conducted on suppliers to define the service scope and responsible person of
each suppliers, and guarantees the product and service quality and interests of suppliers. Our Group established
our “Environment and Labor System for Suppliers” in 2016 and has implemented in 2017, in order to improve the
screening standard on suppliers and join hands with them for common growth.

Regulators

The Group operates in the death care sector which is regulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and other
relevant regulators. The Group maintains cordial working relationships with regulators through effective
communications and ensures compliance with rules and regulations.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      35
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Shareholders

     One of the Group’s objectives is to enhance corporate value to our Shareholders. We are poised to foster business
     development for achieving sustainability of earning growth and reward our Shareholders by stable dividend payouts
     taking into account liquidity positions and business expansion needs of the Group.

     For more details of the relationship with stakeholders of the Group, please refer to the 2018 sustainability report of
     the Company.

     FINAL DIVIDEND

     The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$3.72 cents per Share for the year ended December
     31, 2018 (2017: HK$3.24 cents per Share). The final dividend will be payable on June 10, 2019 subject to the
     approval of the Shareholders at the AGM. Subject to the Companies Law, through a general meeting we may
     declare dividends in any currency but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the
     Board. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends may be declared and paid out of our profit, realized or
     unrealized, or from any reserve of our Company lawfully available for distribution including share premium.

     We also intended to distribute to our shareholders no less than 25% of our net distributable profit since the year
     ended December 31, 2014 and for each fiscal year thereafter. However, we will re-evaluate our dividend policy
     annually.

     CLOSURES OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the transfer books and register of members of the
     Company will be closed from Wednesday, May 15, 2019 to Monday, May 20, 2019, both days inclusive. During the
     above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, all
     transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s
     branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
     Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on
     Tuesday, May 14, 2019.

     For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
     Company will be closed from Tuesday, May 28, 2019 to Thursday, May 30, 2019 both days inclusive. During the
     above period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed final
     dividend, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
     certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in
     Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
     183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Monday, May 27, 2019.

     SUBSIDIARIES

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 43 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

     For the year ended December 31, 2018, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 30.0%
     (2017: 33.9%) of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from our single largest supplier accounted for 9.2%
     (2017: 9.2%) of the Group’s total purchases.




36   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2018, the combined revenue from the five largest customers did not exceed
30% of the total revenue of the Group.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interests in the Group’s five largest suppliers
and customers.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2018 are set
out in Note 14 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

During the year ended December 31, 2018, 50,535,000 ordinary shares were issued by exercise of share options.
The total consideration received by the Company for the above issue is HK$192,841,852. Details of the movements
in the Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in Note 32 to the audited
consolidated financial statements.

RESERVES

Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2018
are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 68 of this Annual Report and Notes 33 and
45 to the audited consolidated financial statements respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Law, as at December 31, 2018, are set out in Note 45 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

BORROWINGS

Details of the borrowings of the Group are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in
this Annual Report and Note 29 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

TAXATION

If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the
exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their tax adviser.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended December 31, 2018.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, or the law of Cayman Islands being
the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares
on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.



                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018     37
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CHARITABLE DONATIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group made approximately RMB3.3 million charitable and other
     donations.

     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2018 and up to the date of this Annual Report are:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
     Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
     Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Ma Xiang
     Mr. Lu Hesheng
     Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Qunlin
     Mr. Luo Zhuping
     Mr. Ho Man
     Ms. Wu Jianwei

     The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section “Profiles of Directors and
     Senior Management” of this Annual Report.

     In accordance with Article 108 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng,
     Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping shall retire by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, have offered themselves for
     re-election.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
     each of such service agreements may be terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either
     party on the other.




38   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years. Each of such appointments may be terminated by
not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than the normal statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-
executive Directors to be independent.

TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for as disclosed under the section headed “Permitted Indemnity Provision”, no transaction, arrangement and
contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2018 or at any time during the year ended
December 31, 2018. In addition, no contract of significance between the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, and a
controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was made.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

As at the date of this Annual Report, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the Listing
Rules) had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

FSG Holding has provided an annual confirmation in respect of the compliance with non-competition undertaking
(the “Undertaking”) given by it.

The independent non-executive Directors have also reviewed the compliance by FSG Holding with the Undertaking
during the year ended December 31, 2018. The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that, as far as
they can ascertain, there is no breach by FSG Holding of the Undertaking given by it.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      39
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

     In compliance with the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate
     remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration is subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other
     emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, the
     recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the performance and results of the Group. No Director, or
     any of their respective associates, was involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December
     31, 2018 are set out in Note 10 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
     financial year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal
     actions against its Directors and officers.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

     Save for the Share Option Scheme of the Company as set out in this Annual Report, no equity-linked agreements
     were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December 31, 2018.

     SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

     The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on December 3, 2013 and shall be valid and effective for a period
     of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by the Company in a general meeting or by the Board. The
     purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to participants for their contribution to the
     Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are
     valuable to the Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme,
     the Board may offer to grant an option to any directors or employees, or any advisors, consultants, suppliers,
     customers or shareholders of any members of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).

     The Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the
     Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company at any time shall not exceed 30% of the
     Shares in issue from time to time. The maximum number of Shares available for issue under options which may be
     granted under the Share Option Scheme or other share option scheme adopted by the Company must not in
     aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Global Offering (but taking no
     account of any Shares which may be allotted or issued pursuant to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as
     defined in the Prospectus)), being 200,000,000 Shares, representing 8.98% of the issued shares as at the date of
     this Annual Report. The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options
     granted pursuant to the Share Option Scheme to an Eligible Participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
     of the number of Shares in issue as at the date of grant unless approved by the Shareholders in general meeting.

     The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall
     be determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
     as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the date of grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the
     average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five trading
     days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.




40   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant.
An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after the date
upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years from that date. The
period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that
no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on May 15, 2017, an ordinary resolution was passed, pursuant
to which the scheme mandate limit under the Share Option Scheme approved on 9 December 2013 has been
refreshed, allowing the Company to grant share options entitling holders thereof to subscribe for up to 210,000,000
Shares, representing approximately but not exceeding 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the
date of passing the above resolution.

As at December 31, 2018, the total number of Shares available for issue upon exercise of the options granted under
the Share Option Scheme was 108,642,000 Shares (representing 4.88% of the issued shares of the Company as at
the date of this Annual Report).




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      41
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Set out below are the details of movements in the outstanding options granted under the Share Option Scheme
     during the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                                                          Options         Options        Options        Options
                                                            Closing        Options        granted       exercised          lapsed      cancelled
                                                          price per        balance          during         during          during         during        Options
                                                              Share    outstanding        the year       the year        the year       the year    outstanding
                                           Exercise    immediately            as at         ended          ended            ended         ended            as at
                                           price per     before the     January 1,    December 31,   December 31,    December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
     Name of Grantees     Date of grant       Share    date of grant          2018           2018            2018            2018          2018            2018 Exercisable period
                                               (HK$)           (HK$)

     Directors
     Bai Xiaojiang        March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16      1,500,000              —              —               —              —      1,500,000   March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54      2,000,000              —              —               —              —      2,000,000   March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          April 27, 2016      5.466            5.57      1,000,000              —              —               —              —      1,000,000   April 27, 2018 to April 26, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82      5,000,000              —              —               —              —      5,000,000   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Tan Leon Li-an       August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        400,000              —        400,0001              —              —             —    August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        500,000              —              —               —              —        500,000   March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
     Wang Jisheng         March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16      1,500,000              —              —               —              —      1,500,000   March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54      2,000,000              —              —               —              —      2,000,000   March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          April 27, 2016      5.466            5.57      1,000,000              —              —               —              —      1,000,000   April 27, 2018 to April 26, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82      5,000,000              —              —               —              —      5,000,000   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Ma Xiang             March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        500,000              —              —               —              —        500,000   March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
     Lu Hesheng           August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        400,000              —        400,0002              —              —             —    August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16        500,000              —              —               —              —       500,000    March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        500,000              —              —               —              —       500,000    March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        500,000              —              —               —              —       500,000    March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Huang James          August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        400,000              —        400,0003              —              —            —     August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
        Chih-cheng
     Chen Qunlin          August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        200,000              —        200,0002              —              —             —    August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Luo Zhuping          August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        200,000              —        200,0002              —              —            —     August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Ho Man               August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        200,000              —        200,0002              —              —            —     August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Wu Jianwei           August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01        200,000              —        200,0002              —              —            —     August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024
                          March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
                          March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82        300,000              —              —               —              —       300,000    March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021
     Other employees of   August 5, 2014       4.14            4.01     16,879,000              —      16,804,0004         75,000             —            —     August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2018
        the Group         March 19, 2015      3.126            3.16     35,673,000              —      25,874,0005             —              —      9,799,000   March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019
        (in aggregate)    March 24, 2016      5.824            5.54     41,300,000              —       5,857,0006             —              —     35,443,000   March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020
                          March 20, 2017      4.850            4.82     38,300,000              —               —              —              —     38,300,000   March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021


     Total                                                             159,252,000              —      50,535,000          75,000             —    108,642,000



     Note 1:          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
                      HK$8.95.

     Note 2:          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
                      HK$8.74.

     Note 3:          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
                      HK$8.37.

     Note 4:          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
                      HK$7.67.




42   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                    Annual Report 2018
                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Note 5:    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
           HK$7.82

Note 6:    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which these options were exercised is
           HK$8.18


Save as disclosed above, no options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme
during the year ended December 31, 2018.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at December 31, 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the
register referred to therein; or (b) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)   Interest in the Shares

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                             the issued share
                                                                          Nature of          Number of           capital of the
      Name of Directors                Capacity                           Interest                Shares             Company
                                                                                                                            (%)
      Mr. BAI Xiaojiang                Beneficiary of a trust (Note 1)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.36%
                                       Beneficial owner                   Long position        6,953,452                 0.31%
      Mr. WANG Jisheng                 Beneficiary of a trust (Note 2)    Long position      96,600,000                  4.36%
                                       Beneficial owner                   Long position        6,953,452                 0.31%
      Mr. TAN Leon Li-an               Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
      Mr. LU Hesheng                   Interest in a controlled           Long position      27,600,000                  1.25%
                                         corporation (Note 3)
      Mr. Huang James                  Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
           Chih-cheng

      Notes:

      1.       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is interested in the entire issued share capital of Wish and Catch, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 4.36% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
               Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is a beneficiary.

      2.       Mr. Wang Jisheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Peaceful Field, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 4.36% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, UBS
               Trustees (BVI) Limited, of which Mr. Wang Jisheng is a beneficiary.

      3.       Mr. Lu Hesheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Grand Fire, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 1.25% of the issued share capital of the Company.




                                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018        43
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (ii)      Interest in underlying Shares of share options

               The Directors have been granted options under the Share Option Scheme, details of which are set out in
               “Share Option Scheme” above.

               Save as disclosed above, as at year ended December 31, 2018, neither the Directors nor chief executive of
               the Company (including their spouses and children under 18 years of age) had any interests or short positions
               in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
               the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the
               SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at December 31, 2018, so far as the Directors or the chief executive of the Company were aware, the Substantial
     Shareholders, other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the
     Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of
     the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of
                                                                                                         the issued share
                                                                                                             capital of the
                                                                                                           Company as at
     Name of Substantial                                                   Nature of            No. of         this Annual
     Shareholders                             Capacity                     Interest            Shares               Report
                                                                                                                        (%)
     FSG Holding                              Beneficial owner             Long position   388,318,000            17.53%
     Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also know            Founder of a discretionary   Long position   388,318,000            17.53%
       as “Tan Chih Chun”)                       trust (Note 1)
     Perfect Score                            Beneficial owner             Long position   483,000,000            21.81%
     Zhongfu                                  Interest in a controlled     Long position   483,000,000            21.81%
                                                 corporation (Note 2)
     Hongfu                                   Interest in a controlled     Long position   483,000,000            21.81%
                                                 corporation (Note 3)
     NGO 1                                    Interest in a controlled     Long position   483,000,000            21.81%
                                                 corporation (Note 4)
     NGO 2                                    Interest in a controlled     Long position   483,000,000            21.81%
                                                 corporation (Note 5)
     UBS Trustees (BVI) Limited               Trustee                      Long position   193,200,000              8.72%
     Double Riches                            Beneficial owner             Long position   119,445,000              5.39%
     Ge Qiansong                              Interest in a controlled     Long position   119,445,000              5.39%
                                                 corporation (Note 6)
     Sunshine Life Insurance Co.,             Beneficial owner (Note 7)    Long position   151,482,000              6.84%
       Ltd* (陽光人壽保險股份
       有限公司)
     Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Interest in a controlled                Long position   151,482,000              6.84%
       Ltd* (陽光保險集團股份                 corporation (Note 7)
       有限公司)

     *      For identification purpose only



44   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2018
                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Notes:

1.       Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as “Tan Chih Chun”), the father of Tan Leon Li-an, is entitled to exercise or control the
         exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of FSG Holding through (i) being a settlor of a trust,
         which in turn is interested in the entire issued share capital of Pacific Millennium Investment Corporation, the largest
         shareholder of FSG Holding; and (ii) being a settlor of another trust, which in turn is interested in the entire issued share
         capital of Fast Answer Limited, the third largest shareholder of FSG Holding. Together, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is interested in
         an aggregate of 48.15% of the issued share capital of FSG Holding. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is deemed or taken to
         be interested in approximately 17.53% of the issued share capital of the Company in which FSG Holding is interested in.

2.       Perfect Score is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu and Zhongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in
         approximately 21.81% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

3.       Zhongfu is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongfu and Hongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
         21.81% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

4.       Hongfu is owned by NGO 1 as to 50% and NGO 1 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 21.81% of the issued
         share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

5.       Hongfu is owned by NGO 2 as to 50% and NGO 2 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 21.81% of the issued
         share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

6.       Ge Qiansong is interested in approximately 34.66% of the issued share capital of Double Riches and therefore Ge Qiansong
         is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 5.39% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Double
         Riches is interested in.

7.       Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd is interested in approximately 99.99% of the issued share capital of Sunshine Life
         Insurance Co., Ltd and therefore Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
         6.84% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd is interested in.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2018, so far was known to the Directors, no other persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives) had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Share Option Schemes” above, at no time during the year ended
December 31, 2018 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the
Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such
rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its holding companies or any of
subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective spouse
or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in Note 40 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained the public float as required by the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31,
2018.




                                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2018         45
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTION

     (1)   Shandong World Trade Centre and Shandong Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on January 1, 2016
           and renewed on December 31, 2016, pursuant to which Shandong World Trade Centre provided a
           shareholder loan to Shandong Fu Shou Yuan. As at December 31, 2018, the loan remaining outstanding
           amounted to approximately RMB32.0 million. The interest rate is approximately 5.655% per annum.

           The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Shandong World Trade Centre (the “Loan”) was for
           the purpose of acquiring land for the cemetery operation of Shandong Fu Shou Yuan. In considering the
           funding requirement for payment of the land premium, Shandong World Trade Centre and Shanghai Fu Shou
           Yuan (one of our wholly owned subsidiaries), the shareholders of Shandong Fu Shou Yuan, had provided their
           funding to Shandong Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholders’ loan based on the respective shareholding
           percentages in addition to the registered capital.

           Shandong World Trade Centre is a connected person of the Company as it is a substantial shareholder of
           Shandong Fu Shou Yuan and it owns 50% equity interest in Shandong Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan constituted a
           connected transaction.

           The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
           Rules), was provided by Shandong World Trade Centre for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no
           security over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
           announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
           Rules.

     (2)   Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限
           公 司) (“Chongqing Guolong”) and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on November 28,
           2017, pursuant to which Chongqing Guolong provided a shareholder loan to Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. As at
           December 31, 2018, the loan remaining outstanding amounted to approximately RMB27.0 million. The
           interest rate is approximately 4.35% per annum.

           The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Chongqing Guolong (the “Loan”) was to fund the
           cemetery development. In considering the funding requirement, Chongqing Guolong, a shareholder of Xiyuan
           Fu Shou Yuan, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided their funding to
           Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholder’s loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in
           addition to the registered capital.

           Chongqing Guolong is a connected person of the Company as it is a substantial shareholder of Xiyuan Fu
           Shou Yuan and it owns 49% equity interest in Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan constituted a connected
           transaction.

           The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
           Rules), was provided by Chongqing Guolong for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no security
           over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
           announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
           Rules.




46   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(3)   On February 12, 2018, one of the existing shareholders of Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape
      Cemetery Co., Ltd., Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Chongqing
      Fuding”) and the two other existing shareholders, Tieling Puyuan Cultural Enterprise Co., Ltd. (“Tieling
      Puyuan”) and Shenyang Rongyuan Investment Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Rongyuan”) entered into an agreement,
      pursuant to which the Chongqing Fuding will acquire a 20% equity interest in aggregate in Liaoning
      Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd. for a cash sum of RMB120 million from Tieling Puyuan
      and Shenyang Rongyuan. Upon the completion of the equity interest transfers, Chongqing Fuding and
      Shenyang Rongyuan will hold 90% and 10% equity interest in Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape
      Cemetery Co., Ltd., respectively and Tieling Puyuan will cease to be a shareholder of Liaoning Guanlingshan
      Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd..

      Tieling Puyuan and Shenyang Rongyuan directly holds 30% of the equity interest in Liaoning Guanlingshan
      Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd., hence they are connected person of the Company by virtue of being a
      substantial shareholder of a subsidiary of the Group. Therefore, the above acquisition constitute connected
      transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      Through the acquisition, the Group will enhance its equity interest in Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural
      Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd., which will in turn be translated into more efficient control over the operations
      of Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.. The Board considers that the acquisition is
      in the best interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and external auditor the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2018.

AUDITOR

The financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, auditor of the Company, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered itself for re-appointment as
auditor at the AGM.

A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of auditor.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman

Hong Kong, March 15, 2019




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018      47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
     2018.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Company recognizes the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is committed
     to achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results and improve its
     corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.

     The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.

     The Board is of opinion that the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code
     throughout the year ended December 31, 2018.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in securities
     of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiry to all the Directors, each of them confirmed that they
     have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended
     December 31, 2018.

     To comply with the code provision A.6.4 of the CG Code, the Company has also established and adopted a code of
     conduct regarding its employees’ securities transactions, on terms no less exacting than the standards set out in
     the Model Code, for compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information in
     relation to the Company or its securities because of their offices or employments.

     No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company
     were noted by the Company throughout the year ended December 31, 2018.




48   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board composition

The Board currently comprises three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non-
executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set out as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ma Xiang
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Chen Qunlin
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Wu Jianwei

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report.

Throughout the year ended December 31, 2018, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1),
3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or
accounting or related financial management expertise, and independent non-executive directors representing at
least one-third of the board of the directors.

None of the Directors has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

     The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
     performance of the Group. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of
     communications.

     The Board should meet regularly and Board meetings should be held at least four times a year. At least 14 days’
     notice of all regular Board meetings is given to the Directors who are given the opportunity to include other matters
     in the agenda of meetings.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018. The Board held 8 meetings.

     The attendance records of the individual Directors at the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee,
     Remuneration Committee, Compliance Committee and general meeting for the year ended December 31, 2018 are
     set out as follows:

                                                                    No. of Meetings Attended/Held

                                                            Audit   Nomination     Remuneration     Compliance    Annual

                                             Board      Committee    Committee        Committee     Committee    General

     Name of Directors                     Meetings      Meetings     Meetings         Meetings       Meetings   Meeting

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                          8/8            —            1/1               —             —        1/1

     Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                         5/8            —             —               1/1            —        1/1

     Mr. Wang Jisheng                           8/8            —            1/1               —             —        1/1



     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Ma Xiang                               8/8            —             —                —             —        1/1

     Mr. Lu Hesheng                             8/8            —             —                —             —        1/1

     Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng                 8/8           2/2            —                —             —        1/1



     Independent non-executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Qunlin                            8/8            —            1/1              1/1           2/2       1/1

     Mr. Luo Zhuping                            8/8           2/2           1/1              1/1           2/2       1/1

     Mr. Ho Man                                 8/8           2/2           1/1               —            2/2       1/1

     Ms. Wu Jianwei                             8/8            —             —                —            2/2       1/1


     Except for the annual general meeting, the Company did not held any other general meeting during the year ended
     December 31, 2018.




50   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are governed by the Articles of
Association. The Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, is responsible for reviewing the
Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of
Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.

The Articles of Association provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
meeting, or as an additional to the existing Board shall hold office only until the following annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

In accordance with the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
Directors for the time being or, if the number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-election.

The Shareholders may, at any general meetings convened and held in accordance with the Articles of Association,
remove a Director by ordinary resolution at any time before the expiration of his term of office notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Articles of Association or in any agreement between the Company and such Director
and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his stead.

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group in accordance
with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor on the financial statements of the Group are set out
in the section of “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018      51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Responsibilities of and Delegation by the Board

     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitoring business and performance.

     The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
     responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
     conducting the day-to-day operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to
     review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make
     financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management
     including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a
     periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group. A memorandum on respective
     functions of the Board and management of the Company has been established in writing.

     All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
     and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Wu Jianwei, being independent non-executive Directors,
     have made confirmations of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view
     that Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Wu Jianwei meet the independence guidelines set out
     in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent to the Company in accordance with the terms of such
     guidelines.

     Continuous Professional Development

     All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of
     training materials. All Directors have provided their training records to the Company.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, all Directors, including Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang
     Jisheng, Mr. Ma Xiang, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho
     Man and Ms. Wu Jianwei, have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of
     being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and
     business of the Group, and Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Ma Xiang, Mr. Lu
     Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Wu Jianwei have attended a
     training regarding Directors’ duties, obligation of listed company, reporting obligation of information disclosure and
     environmental, social and governance.




52   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Chairman and Chief Executive

The positions of the chairman (“Chairman”) and the chief executive (“Chief Executive”) of the Company are held
separately. The role of Chairman is held by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, and the role of Chief Executive is held by Mr. Wang
Jisheng. The Chairman provides leadership and governance for the Board so as to create the conditions for the
effective performance of the Board as a whole and effective contribution by individual Director and to ensure that
the Board performs its responsibilities and all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely
manner. The Chief Executive has the delegated power to manage the Company and to oversee the activities of the
Company on a day- to-day basis.

The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive is defined and established in writing.

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
corporate governance duties include:

—     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
      recommendations to the Board;

—     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
      management;

—     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
      requirements;

—     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
      and Directors; and

—     to review the Company’s compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
      governance report under the Listing Rules.

The Compliance Committee is delegated to discharge the above corporate governance functions and has reported
back to the Board.

The Compliance Committee has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and this
corporate governance report.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018     53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established four committees and has delegated various responsibilities to the committees including
     the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Compliance Committee. All
     the Board committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference which are
     available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Board committees are provided with
     sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.

     Audit Committee

     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
     the Listing Rules and paragraph C.3 of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee has been
     updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on December 30, 2015. The
     updated terms of reference of the Audit Committee includes the duty of review of risk managements. The primary
     duties of the Audit Committee are, but not limited to, to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the
     effectiveness of the financial reporting process, the internal control and risk management system of the Group, to
     oversee the audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

     The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Ho Man and Mr. Luo Zhuping, the
     independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Huang James Chih-cheng, the non-executive Director. Mr. Ho Man is
     the chairman of the Audit Committee.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Audited Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed and discussed
     the interim and annual financial statements, the interim and annual result announcements and reports, the
     accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group
     and recommended the re-appointment of auditor to the Board.

     Remuneration Committee

     The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
     paragraph B.1 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are, but not limited to, to
     evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the remuneration packages and compensation of the
     executive Directors and senior management. In addition, the Remuneration Committee conducts reviews of the
     performance, and determines the remuneration structure of the senior management of the Company.

     The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Qunlin,
     the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, the vice-chairman and executive Director. Mr.
     Luo Zhuping is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting. It had reviewed the
     Company’s remuneration policy and structure and the remuneration package for Directors and senior management.




54   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph A.5 of the CG Code. The primary functions of the Nomination Committee are, but not limited to, to
formulate nomination policies for consideration of the Board, implement the nomination policies laid down by the
Board, and make recommendations to the Board to fill vacancies on the same.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, the chairman and
executive Director, Mr. Wang Jisheng, the executive Director, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Chen Qunlin and Mr. Ho Man,
the independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Nomination Committee held 1 meeting. It had reviewed the re-
appointment of directors, the structure, size and composition of the Board, the board diversity policy, and the
retirement and rotation plan of the Directors and assessed the independence of each independent non-executive
Director.

Compliance Committee

The Company has established the Compliance Committee with written terms of reference. The primary functions of
the Compliance Committee are, but not limited to, to review and monitor the legal and compliance aspects of the
Group to ensure that the Group is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and corporate governance
policy. The Compliance Committee has the power to seek external counsel’s advice.

The Compliance Committee currently comprises four members, namely Ms. Wu Jianwei, Mr. Chen Qunlin, Mr. Luo
Zhuping and Mr. Ho Man, all being the independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Wu Jianwei is the chairman of the
Compliance Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Compliance Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the
policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendation to the Board, reviewed the training and
continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, the policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the codes of conduct applicable to employees and Directors
and the compliance with the corporate governance code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

NOMINATION POLICY AND BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to enhancing the Board effectiveness and corporate governance, the Board should include a balanced
composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there
is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.

The Company has adopted a nomination policy and a board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The
Nomination Committee evaluates the balance and blend of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives of the
Board. Selection of candidates is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services
and other qualities essential to the Company’s business, and merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board will review such measurable objectives from time
to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018     55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors,
     the chairman of the Nomination Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due
     diligence. Upon the review by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the committee will convene a Board
     meeting where recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and
     approved by the Board, the proposed directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.

     REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 10 to the audited consolidated financial statements.
     Save as disclosed therein, there is other 5 individuals of senior management. Pursuant to paragraph B.1.5 of the CG
     Code, their remuneration by band for the year ended December 31, 2018 is set out below:

                                                                                                               Number
     Remuneration bands                                                                                   of individual
     HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                       1
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                     1
     HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                                     2
     HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                     1

     EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the remunerations paid or payable to the external auditor of the
     Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Group are set out as below:

                                                                                          Fees payable or paid
                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

     Services rendered for the Group
     Audit Services                                                                           2,800               2,500
     Interim Results Review                                                                   1,000               1,000
     Other service                                                                               —                  300


     Total Fees                                                                               3,800               3,800




56   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective internal control system to safeguard the Group’s assets and
shareholders’ interests, and regularly conducts review and on-going monitoring on the risk management and
internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the implementation of the internal control system. Such
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has maintained an internal audit function and has established its internal control system focused on risk
management, including company management policies and systems in written form, clearly defined organizational
structure and responsibilities authorization system, stable and reliable financial management data and reports, and
stringent risk management and appraisal system on the supervision over internal control.

The Group continuously improves and regulates its internal control management policies and systems by strictly
complying with national laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements under the Stock Exchange. Through
objective identification, analysis and evaluation of the enterprise’s risk events as well as in-depth analysis of the
main aspects of internal control, the Group has established its internal control management system covering major
businesses and risk matters regarding to its operation and management with limited management resources to
focus on core issues. The Group has adopted three-level risk management and internal control authorization
structural system: the Board, senior management and Group headquarters management center as well as all
branches and subsidiaries. The Board is the supreme decision-making body for the Company’s risk management
and internal control; the senior management and Group headquarters management center achieves effective
identification and control of the risks related to all material matters; and all branches and subsidiaries implement
direct risk management and internal control function for their respective operations.

With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
Company:

—     is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the Securities
      and Futures Ordinance and the Listing Rules

—     conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
      Securities and Futures Commission

—     has included in the code of conduct of the Company a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential
      or inside information

—     ensures, through the Company’s own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by
      senior management, the appropriate handling and dissemination of inside information

The Group has commenced risk assessment by conducting risk ranking, and in the previous year, the significant
risks were under control and their rankings have dropped. In addition, the Group has formulated risk management
plan to ensure the identification, assessment, management, control and reporting of all significant risks of the Group
are carried out according to a unified guideline, and are reported to the senior management, Audit Committee and
the Board when necessary. Such guideline stipulates the group risk management policies and procedures which are
carried out with the common risk management methods.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Board has annually reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of the
     implementation of its risk management and internal control systems, which covered all material financial,
     operational and compliance control and risk management. The Company considered them effective and adequate.
     The independent internal control consultant and the internal audit department reported directly to the audit
     committee, compliance committee and/or the Board semi-annually. There was no significant risks found by the
     independent internal control consultant in the risk assessment.

     In addition, the Board reviewed and considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
     training programmes and relevant budget of the Company’s accounting, risk management, internal audit and
     financial reporting functions.

     The Board considers that the Group was able to maintain established and effective risk management and internal
     control systems during the year ended December 31, 2018.

     COMPANY SECRETARY

     The company secretary of the Company is Ms. Hu Yi (“Ms. Hu”). Ms. Hu was appointed as the company secretary
     of the Company on September 13, 2018 to replace Mr. Tsoi Ka Ho, who was appointed as the company secretary
     of the Company to replace Mr. Zhang Jingming on May 7, 2018. At present, Ms. Hu is responsible for investor
     relations, corporate finance and corporate governance of the Group.

     Ms. Hu had taken no less than 15 hours of the relevant professional training on review of Listing Rules and other
     compliance requirements during the year ended December 31, 2018.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     The Company encourages the Shareholders to attend the general meetings of the Company. Directors, chairman of
     each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee (or a
     delegated member of the Committee), chairman of the independent board committee (if any) and management will
     attend the annual general meeting to answer queries about the Group’s business.

     The Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) and for Putting
     Forward Proposals at General Meeting

     Pursuant to Article 64 of Articles of Association, extraordinary general meeting of the Company shall be convened
     on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
     less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such
     requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company at the headquarter of the
     Company in the PRC, which is presently situated at Room 1306, No. 88 Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
     200030, for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified
     in such requisition and signed by the requisitionist(s) (the “Requisitionist(s)”).

     The request will be verified with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar and upon its confirmation that the
     request is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
     statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.




58   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and
accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director is posted on the website of the
Company.

Investor Relations and Communications with Shareholders

The Company holds general meetings which offer a valuable forum for dialogue and interaction with management.
Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at general
meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the general meetings. Shareholders may also put
forward their enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company. The Board members, chairmen or
members of respective Board committees, and external auditor of the Company and such other person as the
Board deems appropriate shall attend the general meetings of the Company to respond to questions addressed to
the Company.

Shareholders, investors and members of the public should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar. The contact details for the Hong Kong Share Registrar are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shop 1712–1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Email: hkinfo@computershare.com.hk
Website: www.computershare.com

To contact the Company in relation to your query on investor relations, or for Shareholders who intend to put
forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board, the contact details are as follows:

Address: Room 1306, No. 88 North Cao Xi Road North, Shanghai, China
Telephone: (86) 21 54255151 (board secretary office)
Email: ir@fsygroup.com

Constitutional Documents

During the year ended December 31, 2018, there had been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018      59
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     OPINION

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 65 to 187, which comprise
     the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit
     or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
     of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
     significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
     of the Group as at December 31, 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
     flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of
     Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
     accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
     provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




60   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions


We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill O u r p r o c e d u r e s i n r e l a t i o n t o t h e i m p a i r m e n t
arising from acquisitions of businesses as a key audit assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions
matter due to significance of the Group’s goodwill in the included:
context of the consolidated financial statements,
combined with the judgments involved in •                              Obtaining an understanding of management

management’s impairment assessment of goodwill.                        controls over the impairment assessment of
                                                                       goodwill;
As disclosed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial
statements, as at December 31, 2018, the carrying •                    Examining the determination of recoverable

amount of goodwill amounted to approximately                           amounts which are the value in use of cash-

RMB428 million.                                                        generating units to which goodwill has been
                                                                       allocated and obtaining an understanding of
As set out in Note 5 to the consolidated financial                     financial positions and future prospects of
statements, the impairment assessment of goodwill is                   respective cash-generating units;
dependent on certain significant inputs and estimations
that involve management’s judgments. Details of such •                 Evaluating the reasonableness of key inputs and

judgements are disclosed in Note 18.                                   assumptions used by the management in
                                                                       estimations of value in use, including projections of
                                                                       cash flows, growth rates and discount rates applied;

                                                                •      Comparing cash flow projections to supporting
                                                                       evidence, such as approved budgets, and
                                                                       evaluating the reasonableness of these budgets
                                                                       with reference to the past performance and future
                                                                       prospects of respective cash-generating units as
                                                                       well as our knowledge of the business;

                                                                •      Comparing the growth rates used to historical
                                                                       growth rates for business of respective cash-
                                                                       generating units; and

                                                                •      Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                       impairment assessment of goodwill in accordance
                                                                       with the requirements of the relevant accounting
                                                                       standard.




                                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018      61
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

     Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Provisions for litigation claims


     We identified the provisions for litigation claims against Our procedures in relation to the provisions for litigation
     t h e G r o u p a s a k e y a u d i t m a t t e r d u e t o t h e i r claims included:
     significance in the context of the consolidated financial
     statements, combined with the fact that the evaluation •                  Understanding the background, status and potential

     of whether it is more likely than not that present                        exposures in respect of these litigation claims by

     obligations exist in the litigation claims is based on a                  enquiring with the management and the Group’s

     significant degree of management judgement.                               internal legal counsel;


     As disclosed in Note 46 to the consolidated financial •                   Reviewing the relevant documents in relation to the

     statements, the Group was subject to litigation claims                    claims and the related legal opinions that the

     amounting to approximately RMB54 million as at                            management has obtained from the Group’s

     December 31, 2018. The directors of the Company (the                      independent legal counsel, including the view on the

     “Directors”) are of the view that no provision shall                      likely outcome of each litigation claims and the

     necessarily be made on the litigation claims after taking                 magnitude of potential exposure;

     into account of the opinions of independent legal
                                                                        •      Challenging management’s estimates using
     counsels and the status of the litigations.
                                                                               information and evidences gathered; and

                                                                        •      Assessing whether the consolidated financial
                                                                               statements have adequately disclosed the litigation
                                                                               claims.

     OTHER INFORMATION

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




62   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2018
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the company determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors of the company.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      63
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS — continued

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
           conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
           events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Jacky Wong Suk Hung.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong

     March 15, 2019




64   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                                    2018                2017
                                                                NOTES            RMB’000             RMB’000

Revenue                                                            6             1,651,299           1,477,208


Operating expenditures
 Staff costs                                                                      (401,192)           (354,356)
 Construction costs                                                                (70,137)             (54,091)
 Consumed materials and goods                                                     (117,113)           (109,148)
 Outsourced service costs                                                          (55,002)             (54,738)
 Marketing and sales channel costs                                                 (43,876)             (61,758)
 Depreciation and amortization                                                     (92,730)             (74,697)
 Other general operating expenditures                                             (137,717)           (119,178)
 Inventory changes                                                                 (10,638)               (8,076)


Profit from operations                                                            722,894             641,166
Other income, gains and losses                                     7               60,172               58,805
Share of profit of a joint venture                                                     —                   398
Finance costs                                                      8                (8,293)            (15,585)


Profit before taxation                                             9               774,773             684,784
Income tax expense                                                11              (159,140)           (134,611)


Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                615,633             550,173



Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                             488,364             417,350
Non-controlling interests                                                         127,269             132,823


                                                                                  615,633             550,173



                                                                               RMB cents            RMB cents


Earnings per share — Basic                                        13                  22.2                 19.6


                     — Diluted                                    13                  21.9                 19.3




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018    65
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AT DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                                  2018          2017
                                                                      NOTES    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Property and equipment                                               14    545,000       478,753
     Prepaid lease payments                                               15     34,072        20,016
     Investment property                                                  16      6,509         6,509
     Intangible assets                                                    17     21,643        17,198
     Goodwill                                                             18    428,021       360,274
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                25     29,761            —
     Deposits paid for acquisition of land use rights                            19,655        16,160
     Cemetery assets                                                      19   1,415,849    1,244,821
     Investment in an associate                                                     750            —
     Restricted deposits                                                  20     46,852        38,750
     Deferred tax assets                                                  21     45,377        38,039
     Other long-term assets                                               22     25,339        20,835


                                                                               2,618,828    2,241,355


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                          23    448,003       426,381
     Trade and other receivables                                          24     51,504        47,307
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                25    577,420            —
     Time deposits                                                        26     48,298        10,000
     Bank balances and cash                                               27   1,493,651    1,936,992


                                                                               2,618,876    2,420,680


     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                             28    434,296       390,895
     Deferred income                                                                 —         22,617
     Contract liabilities                                                 30     35,442            —
     Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries              31     26,950        10,039
     Income tax liabilities                                                     143,927       120,544
     Borrowings                                                           29     75,000        60,500


                                                                                715,615       604,595


     Net current assets                                                        1,903,261    1,816,085


     Total assets less current liabilities                                     4,522,089    4,057,440

                                                                                           (Continued)




66   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        AT DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                NOTES            RMB’000           RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Deferred income                                                                         —           258,564
Contract liabilities                                              30              301,801                —
Other long-term liabilities                                                        13,774             13,593
Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries           31               31,969             41,525
Borrowings                                                        29               28,860             52,520
Deferred tax liabilities                                          21               94,802             86,734


                                                                                  471,206           452,936


Net assets                                                                      4,050,883          3,604,504



Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                     32              134,920           131,666
Reserves                                                          33            3,377,511          2,886,497


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    3,512,431          3,018,163
Non-controlling interests                                                         538,452           586,341


Total equity                                                                    4,050,883          3,604,504


The consolidated financial statements on page 65 to 187 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 15, 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       Bai Xiao Jiang                                       Wang Ji Sheng
                           DIRECTOR                                           DIRECTOR




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   67
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                                                                                            Subtotal
                                                                                       Statutory                   Share                attributable   Non-
                                                     Share       Share      Special      surplus       Other      option    Retained to owners of controlling
                                                    capital   premium       reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve      profits the Company interests         Total
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                           (Note 33)    (Note 33)   (Note 33)

     At January 1, 2017                             127,470   1,123,394      84,667     101,633       26,784      74,233     997,999     2,536,180    492,860     3,029,040
     Profit and total comprehensive income
        for the year                                     —           —           —            —           —           —      417,350      417,350     132,823      550,173
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)               —           —           —            —           —           —           —            —       48,180       48,180
     Dividends recognized as distributions
        (Note 12)                                        —     (106,535)         —            —           —           —            —      (106,535)         —      (106,535)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
        interests                                        —           —           —            —           —           —            —            —      (97,197)     (97,197)
     Transfer to statutory surplus reserve               —           —           —        15,228          —           —       (15,228)          —           —            —
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
        interests                                        —           —           —            —           —           —            —            —      10,450       10,450
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests of
        a subsidiary                                     —          —            —            —           —           —            —           —          (775)       (775)
     Exercise of share options                        4,196    162,483           —            —           —      (38,049)          —      128,630           —      128,630
     Share-based compensation                            —          —            —            —           —       42,538           —       42,538           —       42,538

     At December 31, 2017                           131,666   1,179,342      84,667     116,861       26,784      78,722    1,400,121    3,018,163    586,341     3,604,504


     Profit and total comprehensive income
        for the year                                     —           —           —            —           —           —      488,364      488,364     127,269      615,633
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)               —           —           —            —           —           —           —            —        7,179        7,179
     Dividends recognized as distributions
        (Note 12)                                        —     (129,666)         —            —           —           —            —      (129,666)         —      (129,666)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
        interests                                        —           —           —            —           —           —            —            —     (114,479)    (114,479)
     Transfer to statutory surplus reserve               —           —           —        14,206          —           —       (14,206)          —           —            —
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
        interests                                        —           —           —            —           —           —            —            —        3,600        3,600
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests of
        a subsidiary                                     —          —            —            —      (53,044)         —            —      (53,044)     (71,458)    (124,502)
     Exercise of share options                        3,254    183,026           —            —           —      (28,214)          —      158,066           —       158,066
     Share-based compensation                            —          —            —            —           —       30,548           —       30,548           —        30,548

     At December 31, 2018                           134,920   1,232,702      84,667     131,067      (26,260)     81,056    1,874,279    3,512,431    538,452     4,050,883




68   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                              Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                                      2018                2017
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                              774,773             684,784
Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                                          8,293              15,585
Interest income                                                                      (55,228)            (45,101)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                                41,526              32,134
Amortization of cemetery assets                                                       46,637              40,347
Amortization of intangible assets and prepaid lease payment                            4,125               1,524
Amortization of other long-term assets                                                   442                 692
Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                        11,121                  78
Share of profit of a joint venture                                                        —                 (398)
Expense recognized in respect of equity-settled share-based payments                 30,548               42,538


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                             862,237            772,183
Increase in restricted deposits                                                       (8,102)              (6,534)
Increase in cemetery assets and inventories                                         (105,530)            (57,618)
Increase in deposits paid for acquisition of land use rights as
   cemetery assets                                                                   (4,030)             (10,000)
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                                   (5,742)               6,483
Increase in trade and other payables                                                 33,086               40,753
Increase in deferred income/contract liabilities                                     47,046               39,911


Cash generated from operations                                                       818,965             785,178
Income taxes paid                                                                   (148,442)           (137,006)


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                  670,523             648,172


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Additions to and deposits paid for property and equipment                            (96,084)           (111,834)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                         (7,343)              (4,185)
Addition to and deposits paid for acquisition of land use rights                      (7,165)              (6,160)
Payment to prepaid lease payment                                                      (7,582)                  —
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                         2,428                 339
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)                                               (182,178)            (77,333)
Contract fee prepaid for operating funeral projects                                   (8,926)                 —
Repayment of entrusted loans                                                           1,000               1,450
Dividends received from a joint venture                                                   —                  485
Interest received                                                                     54,353              48,060
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                          370,218            293,850
Placement of time deposits                                                          (408,516)            (10,000)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   (606,420)                 —
Investment to an associate                                                              (750)                 —
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                            (124,502)                 —


NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                      (1,021,467)           134,672

                                                                                                     (Continued)



                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018   69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


                                                                          2018         2017
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000

     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     New borrowings raised                                                60,000        32,000
     Repayment of borrowings                                             (69,160)      (52,950)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                   3,600        10,450
     Loans raised from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries       14,950        10,039
     Interest paid                                                       (15,708)        (8,420)
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests of a subsidiary                 —            (775)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                        (114,479)      (97,197)
     Dividends paid to owners of the Company                            (129,666)    (106,535)
     Proceeds from exercise of share options                             158,066      128,630


     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                               (92,397)     (84,758)


     NET (DECREASE) INCREASE CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                  (443,341)     698,086
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR            1,936,992    1,238,906


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
      REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                            1,493,651    1,936,992




70   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


1.   GENERAL

     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated on January 5, 2012 as
     an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law of Cayman
     Islands and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     December 19, 2013. The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in the annual report. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) are mainly engaged in the sale of burial plots, provision of funeral services and provision of cemetery
     maintenance services as set out in Note 43.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional
     currency of the Company and its principal subsidiaries.

2.   CHANGE OF PRESENTATION OF STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
     COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     From the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group presents its operating expenditures in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income by nature instead of by function in the previous
     period. In the opinions of the directors of the Company:

     a.    To present the expenditures by nature could better depict the characteristics of the burial and funeral
           industry that the Group engages;

     b.    Expenditure items by nature are more transparent, which is beneficial for investors to understand the
           business of the Group.

     The financial results (for example: revenue, profit and total comprehensive income) of the Group is not
     affected by the change of presentation.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018      71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

          New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

          The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time in the current year:

          IFRS 9                         Financial Instruments
          IFRS 15                        Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related Amendments
          IFRIC 22                       Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
          Amendments to IFRS 2           Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
          Amendments to IFRS 4           Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
          Amendments to IAS 28           As part of the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014–2016 Cycle
          Amendments to IAS 40           Transfers of Investment Property

          Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had
          no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or
          on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

          3.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

                The Group has applied IFRS 15 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 15 superseded IAS 18
                Revenue, IAS 11 Construction Contracts and the related interpretations.

                The Group has applied IFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this
                Standard recognised at the date of initial application, January 1, 2018. Any difference at the date of
                initial application is recognised in the opening retained profits (or other components of equity, as
                appropriate) and comparative information has not been restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the
                transition provisions in IFRS 15, the Group has elected to apply the Standard retrospectively only to
                contracts that are not completed at January 1, 2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information may
                not be comparable as comparative information was prepared under IAS 18 Revenue and IAS 11
                Construction Contracts and the related interpretations.

                The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources which arise from contracts with
                customers:

                •     Burial services

                •     Funeral services

                •     Other services

                Information about the Group’s performance obligations and the accounting policies resulting from
                application of IFRS 15 are disclosed in Notes 6 and 4 respectively.




72   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) — continued

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     3.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers — continued

           Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15

           The transition to IFRS 15 have no material impact on retained profits at January 1, 2018.

           The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of
           financial position at January 1, 2018. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
           included.

                                                                 Carrying amounts                               Carrying amounts
                                                             previously reported at                              under IFRS 15 at
                                                                December 31, 2017        Reclassification         January 1, 2018
                                                     Notes                RMB’000               RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Current Liabilities
           Deferred income                             (a)                 22,617                (22,617)                     —
           Trade and other payables                    (b)                390,895                  (4,045)               386,850
           Contract liabilities                                                 —                 26,662                  26,662


           Non-current Liabilities
           Deferred income                             (a)                258,564               (258,564)                     —
           Contract liabilities                                                 —                258,564                 258,564

           (a)     As at January 1, 2018, deferred income of RMB281,181,000 were reclassified to contract liabilities.

           (b)     As at January 1, 2018, advances from customers of RMB4,045,000 in respect of sales of pre-need contracts
                   previously included in trade and other payables were reclassified to contract liabilities.




                                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2018     73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) — continued

          New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

          3.1   IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers — continued

                The following table summarises the impacts of applying IFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated statement
                of financial position as at December 31, 2018 and its consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                comprehensive income for the current year for each of the line items affected. Line items that were not
                affected by the changes have not been included.

                Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                   Amounts without
                                                                                                                       application of
                                                                            As reported          Adjustments                 IFRS 15
                                                          Notes                RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000

                Current Liabilities
                Deferred income                             (a)                     —                  24,695                24,695
                Trade and other payables                    (b)                434,296                 10,747               445,043
                Contract liabilities                                            35,442                (35,442)                    —


                Non-current Liabilities
                Deferred income                             (a)                     —                 301,801               301,801
                Contract liabilities                                           301,801               (301,801)                    —

                (a)     As at December 31, 2018, contract liabilities of RMB326,496,000 would have been reclassified to deferred
                        income if IFRS 15 had not been applied.

                (b)     As at December 31, 2018, contract liabilities of RMB10,747,000 in respect of sales of pre-need contracts would
                        have been reclassified to trade and other payables if IFRS 15 had not been applied.

          3.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related amendments

                In the current year, the Group has applied IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related consequential
                amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for (1) the classification and
                measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, (2) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial
                assets and (3) general hedge accounting.

                The Group has applied IFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in IFRS 9, i.e. applied
                the classification and measurement requirements (including impairment under ECL model)
                retrospectively to instruments that have not been derecognised as at January 1, 2018 (date of initial
                application) and has not applied the requirements to instruments that have already been derecognised
                as at January 1, 2018. The difference between carrying amounts as at December 31, 2017 and the
                carrying amounts as at January 1, 2018 are recognised in the opening retained profits and other
                components of equity, without restating comparative information.

                Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information was
                prepared under IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.

                Accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 9 are disclosed in Note 4.


74   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) — continued

     New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year — continued

     3.2   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related amendments — continued

           Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 9

           (a)   The classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities

                 The directors of the Company reviewed and assessed the Group’s financial assets as at January
                 1, 2018 based on the facts and circumstances that existed at that date. There is no material
                 impact to the classification as at January 1, 2018.

           (b)   Impairment under ECL model

                 The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for
                 all trade receivables.

                 ECL for other financial assets at amortised cost, including bank balances, time deposits,
                 restricted deposits and other receivables, are assessed on 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) basis as
                 there had been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.

                 As at January 1, 2018, the directors of the Company reviewed and assessed the Group’s existing
                 financial assets for impairment using reasonable and supportable information that is available
                 without undue cost or effort in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9. There is no material
                 impact to the impairment under ECL model as at January 1, 2018.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018   75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) — continued

          New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs and Interpretations that have
          been issued but are not yet effective:

          IFRS 16                          Leases 1
          IFRS 17                          Insurance Contracts 3
          IFRIC 23                         Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 1
          Amendments to IFRS 3             Definition of a Business 4
          Amendments to IFRS 9             Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation 1
          Amendments to IFRS 10            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint
            and IAS 28                       Venture 2
          Amendments to IAS 1              Definition of Material 5
            and IAS 8
          Amendments to IAS 19             Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement 1
          Amendments to IAS 28             Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures 1
          Amendments to IFRSs              Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle 1
          1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019
          2
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
          3
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
          4
                Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning
                of the first annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2020
          5
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020

          Except for the new IFRS mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the
          other new and amendments to IFRSs and Interpretations will have no material impact on the consolidated
          financial statements in the foreseeable future.

          IFRS 16 Leases

          IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting
          treatments for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede IAS 17 Leases and the related interpretations
          when it becomes effective.

          IFRS 16 distinguishes leases and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by
          a customer. In addition, IFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be determined based on the
          requirements of IFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale. IFRS
          16 also includes requirements relating to subleases and lease modifications.

          Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by a
          model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognized for all leases by lessees,
          except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

          The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain
          exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the
          lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not
          paid at that date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as the
          impact of lease modifications, amongst others.


76   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) — continued

     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective — continued

     IFRS 16 Leases — continued

     For the classification of cash flows, the Group currently presents upfront prepaid lease payments as investing
     cash flows in relation to leasehold lands for owned use and those classified as investment properties while
     other operating lease payments are presented as operating cash flows. Upon application of IFRS 16, lease
     payments in relation to lease liability will be allocated into a principal and an interest portion which will be
     presented as financing cash flows by the Group.

     Under IAS 17, the Group has already recognized an asset and a related finance lease liability for finance lease
     arrangement and prepaid lease payments for leasehold lands where the Group is a lessee. The application of
     IFRS 16 may result in potential changes in classification of these assets depending on whether the Group
     presents right-of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding underlying
     assets would be presented if they were owned.

     Other than certain requirements which are also applicable to lessor, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the
     lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17, and continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an
     operating lease or a finance lease.

     Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.

     As at December 31, 2018, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of RMB105.33 million
     as disclosed in Note 38. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements will meet the definition
     of a lease. Upon application of IFRS 16, the Group will recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding
     liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.

     In addition, the Group currently considers refundable rental deposits paid of RMB3,632,000 as rights and
     obligations under leases to which IAS 17 applies. Based on the definition of lease payments under IFRS 16,
     such deposits are not payments relating to the right to use the underlying assets, accordingly, the carrying
     amounts of such deposits may be adjusted to amortized cost. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits paid
     would be included in the carrying amount of right-of-use assets. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits
     received would be considered as advance lease payments.

     The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as
     indicated above. The Group intends to elect the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were
     previously identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains
     a Lease and not apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease
     applying IAS 17 and IFRIC-Int 4. Therefore, the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a
     lease which already existed prior to the date of initial application. Furthermore, the Group intends to elect the
     modified retrospective approach for the application of IFRS 16 as lessee and will recognise the cumulative
     effect of initial application to opening retained profits without restating comparative information.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018   77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs. In addition, the
          consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
          of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for investment
          property and certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of the reporting period,
          as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

          Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
          services.

          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
          transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
          observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability,
          the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those
          characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
          measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
          basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based
          Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope of IAS 17 Leases , and measurements that have some
          similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in
          IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

          A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
          economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
          that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

          For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
          technique that unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation
          technique is calibrated so that an initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the
          transaction price.

          In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3
          based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
          of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

          •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                entity can access at the measurement date;

          •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

          •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




78   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     The principle accounting policies are set out below.

     Basis of consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
     controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is achieved where the Group:

     •     has power over the investee;

     •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee
     when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee
     unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s
     voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

     •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other
           vote holders;

     •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

     •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
           ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting
           patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
     of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the
     owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests
     having a deficit balance.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018        79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Basis of consolidation — continued

          Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
          policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

          All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
          members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

          Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
          represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
          relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

          Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in existing subsidiaries

          Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over
          the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
          components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
          interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
          controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interest’s proportionate interests.

          Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
          the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

          Business combinations

          Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
          business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
          values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
          acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
          related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

          At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair
          value at the acquisition date, except that:

          •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are
                recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
                respectively;

          •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
                based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
                of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date
                (see the accounting policy below); and

          •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current
                Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard.




80   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Business combinations — continued

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
     controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
     acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at
     acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
     assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
     acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
     recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
     of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair
     value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
     consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
     included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the
     contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
     Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the
     “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
     circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

     The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
     adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is
     classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
     accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured
     to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or
     loss.

     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
     acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is
     recognized in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in
     the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive
     income and measured under IFRS 9/IAS 39 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if
     the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
     the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
     incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see
     above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and
     circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised
     at that date.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018      81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Goodwill

          Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
          the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or
          group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
          represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
          than an operating segment.

          A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
          impairment annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
          arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to
          which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
          recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is
          allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets
          of the unit on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
          generating units).

          On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
          generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or
          loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
          generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
          the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the
          cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

          The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described
          below.

          Investments in associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
          participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
          those policies.

          A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
          rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
          an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
          the parties sharing control.




82   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

     The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
     financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
     ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the
     Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an
     associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
     and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
     of the associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or
     loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
     ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture
     exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in
     substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
     recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has
     incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

     An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
     which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate
     or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
     identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying
     amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
     liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
     period in which the investment is acquired.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture
     may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
     goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
     amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
     loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is
     recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment
     subsequently increases.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018       83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Investments in associates and joint ventures — continued

          When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
          accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
          in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained
          interest is a financial asset within the scope of IFRS 9/IAS 39, the Group measures the retained interest at fair
          value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between
          the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained interest and any
          proceeds from disposing the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture is included in the determination
          of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all
          amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on
          the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related
          assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that
          associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or
          liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment)
          upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.

          The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in
          a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no
          remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

          When the Group reduces its ownership interest in a joint venture but the Group continues to use the equity
          method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
          recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss
          would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

          When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
          from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

          Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions
          in Note 3)

          Under IFRS 15, the Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
          “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligations is transferred to the
          customer.

          A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
          series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




84   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions
     in Note 3) — continued

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
     complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
           as the Group performs;

     •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
           performs; or

     •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
           has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
     service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
     Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance
     with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the
     passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a
     net basis.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018     85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions
          in Note 3) — continued

          Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

          For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transactions price
          to each performance obligations on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

          The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
          determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or
          service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates
          it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance
          obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group experts to be entitled in exchange for
          transferring the promised goods or services to customer.

          Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
          performance obligation

          The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
          method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or
          services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the
          contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

          Principal versus agent

          When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether
          the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the
          Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group
          is an agent).

          The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to
          a customer.

          The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or
          service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
          another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it
          recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
          arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.




86   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions
     in Note 3) — continued

     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract

     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a
     customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

     The Group recognises such costs as an asset if it expects to recover these costs. The asset so recognised is
     subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the
     customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.

     The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if these
     costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.

     Costs to fulfil a contract

     The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its burial, funeral and other services. The Group first assesses
     whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant Standards, failing which it
     recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

     (a)   the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify;

     (b)   the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
           satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

     (c)   the costs are expected to be recovered.

     The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent
     with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to
     impairment review.

     Revenue recognition (prior to January 1, 2018)

     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and represents amounts
     receivable for goods sold and services provided in the normal course of business, net of sales related taxes.

     Revenue is recognized when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured; when it is probable that future
     economic benefits will flow to the Group and when specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s
     activities, as described below.

     The Group enters into contracts with its customers for the provision of burial services, which include the sale
     of burial plots and cemetery maintenance services.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018       87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Revenue recognition (prior to January 1, 2018) — continued

          Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the right to use of burial plots has passed; and
          revenue from sale of cremation machines is recognized when the goods are delivered and titles have passed,
          at which time all the following conditions are satisfied:

          •     the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the burial plots/
                goods;

          •     the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with
                ownership nor effective control over the burial plots/goods sold;

          •     the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;

          •     it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group; and

          •     the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.

          Revenue from the provision of cemetery maintenance services is deferred and amortized on a straight-line
          basis over the remaining service period. The contract price for the cemetery maintenance services is based on
          a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair value of such services. The Group estimates the fair
          value of the cemetery maintenance services income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing
          such cemetery maintenance services plus a reasonable margin, less total future maintenance fees to be
          received.

          Funeral and auxiliary services income are recognized when services are provided.

          Interest income from a financial asset is accrued on a time-proportion basis, by reference to the principal
          outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated
          future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on
          initial recognition.

          Leasing

          Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
          rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

          The Group as lessee

          Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognized as
          an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rentals arising under operating leases are
          recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.




88   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Foreign currencies

     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
     currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
     of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences on monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     Borrowing costs

     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
     are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
     added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
     sale.

     Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
     qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

     All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants

     Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants that are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
     Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
     Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or
     otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognized as a deduction from the carrying amount of the relevant
     asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and
     rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in
     profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

     Retirement benefit costs

     Payments to the authority-managed retirement benefit scheme are charged as an expense when employees
     have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018     89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

          Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
          as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
          expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

          A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick
          leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

          Share-based payments

          Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

          Share options granted to employees

          Equity-settled share-based payments to the directors and employees are measured at the fair value of the
          equity instruments at the grant date.

          The fair values of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant-date without taking into
          consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
          based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in
          equity (share option reserve). At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number
          of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
          The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the
          cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

          When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be
          transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
          exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in share option reserve will be transferred to
          retained profits.

          Taxation

          Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

          The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss before
          tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never
          taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted
          or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




90   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Taxation — continued

     Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
     the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
     profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
     assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
     taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such
     deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial
     recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither
     the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
     temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
     subsidiaries and a joint venture except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
     difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
     tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only
     recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize
     the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
     asset to be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
     which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
     or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
     the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
     amount of its assets and liabilities.

     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value
     model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sales, unless
     the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is
     held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits
     embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sales.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
     assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
     authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

     Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized
     in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
     recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
     arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for
     the business combination.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018      91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Property and equipment

          Property and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or
          for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated in the
          consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
          accumulated impairment losses, if any.

          Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
          less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing
          costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Such properties are classified to the
          appropriate categories of property and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation
          of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
          intended use.

          Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of items of property and equipment other than
          construction in progress less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
          method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the
          reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

          An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
          expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of
          an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
          carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

          Investment property

          Investment property are properties held for capital appreciation.

          Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
          Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at their fair values. Gains or losses
          arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss for the period in
          which they arise.

          An investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
          withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising
          on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
          carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognized.




92   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Intangible assets

     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
     amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
     estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
     acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives
     are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
     basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
     with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
     or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference
     between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or loss in
     the period when the asset is derecognized.

     Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect
     of goodwill above)

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible
     assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an
     impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to
     determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible
     assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication
     that they may be impaired.

     The recoverable amount of tangible and intangible assets are estimated individually, when it is not possible to
     estimate the recoverable amount of an asset individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the
     cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
     identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units or otherwise they are
     allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
     basis can be identified.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (see the accounting policy in respect
          of goodwill above) — continued

          Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
          use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
          reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-
          generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

          If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
          amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In
          allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
          goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
          asset in the unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs
          of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
          would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit. An
          impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

          Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit)
          is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does
          not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized
          for the asset (or a cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized
          immediately in profit or loss.

          Cemetery assets

          Cemetery assets consist of land costs, cost of initial land development, and cost of landscaping for the
          general public areas of the cemetery and are carried at the lower of costs less accumulated amortization and
          net realizable value prior to the commencement of development of the cemetery. Amortization for cemetery
          assets is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the cemetery assets and is
          recognized in profit or loss.

          Upon completion of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course of business
          of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to inventories.

          Inventories

          Inventories include cemetery assets developed and ready for sale, cemetery assets under development, and
          tombstones and urns. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated
          using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for
          inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.




94   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Provisions

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
     event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
     made of the amount of the obligation.

     Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at
     the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
     When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying
     amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     Financial instruments

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
     derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
     that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
     place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
     from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 since January 1,
     2018. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
     financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
     appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets
     or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) are recognized immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
     liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
     rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and
     points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other
     premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
     appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Financial assets

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in accordance
     with transitions in Note 3)

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
           and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
           interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018       95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Financial instruments — continued

          Financial assets — continued

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in accordance
          with transitions in Note 3) — continued

          Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

          •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                contractual cash flows and selling; and

          •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                interest on the principal amount outstanding.

          All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application/
          initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair
          value of an equity investment in OCI if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
          consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations
          applies.

          A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

          •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

          •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

          •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

          In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
          amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
          mismatch.

          (i)   Amortised cost and interest income

                Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI.
                Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below).
                For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                period. If the credit risk on the credit impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is
                no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the
                gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
                determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.




96   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Financial instruments — continued

     Financial assets — continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 in accordance
     with transitions in Note 3) — continued

     (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

            Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
            designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

            Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair
            value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
            excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other income,
            gains and losses” line item.

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with Note 3)

     The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under
     IFRS 9 (including trade and other receivables, time deposits, bank balances and cash and restricted
     deposits). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
     recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12m ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
     default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the
     Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
     economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
     forecast of future conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing component. The
     ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a
     provision matrix with appropriate groupings.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has
     been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
     risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
            compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk
            of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
            assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
            undue cost or effort.


                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


     4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

          Financial instruments — continued

          Financial assets — continued

          Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with Note 3) —
          continued

          (i)   Significant increase in credit risk — continued

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly:

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                      internal credit rating;

                •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                      credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                      expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                      environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                      debt obligations.

                Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                increased since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless
                the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii)
                the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii)
                adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a
                debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of investment
                grade as per globally understood definitions.

                The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




98   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Financial instruments — continued

     Financial assets — continued

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with Note 3) —
     continued

     (ii)    Definition of default

             For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
             developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
             creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact
             on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset
             is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                   financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                   otherwise consider;

             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

             (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

     (iv)    Write-off policy

             The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
             severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
             counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
             assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
             taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
             subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018     99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets (upon application IFRS 9 with transitions in accordance with Note 3) —
           continued

           (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                 of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                 and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
                 ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks
                 of default occurring as the weights.

                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                 accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                 effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                 Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual
                 instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis:

                 •     Nature of financial instruments;

                 •     Past-due status; and

                 •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
                 share similar credit risk characteristics.

                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                 financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
                 the financial asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                 adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables where the
                 corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.




100   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Financial instruments — continued

     Financial assets — continued

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1,
     2018)

     The Group’s financial assets are classified into loans and receivables. The classification depends on the
     nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition. All regular way
     purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a settlement date basis. Regular
     way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
     time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

     (i)    Effective interest method

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset and of
            allocating interest income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
            discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
            integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
            the expected life of the financial asset, or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying
            amount on initial recognition.

            Interest income is recognized on an effective interest basis for debt instruments, of which interest
            income is included in other income, gains and losses.

     (ii)   Loans and receivables

            Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
            not quoted in an active market. Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables (including trade
            and other receivables, restricted deposits, time deposits and bank balances and cash) are carried at
            amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment (see accounting policy on
            impairment of financial assets below).

     Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018)

     Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of the reporting period. Financial assets
     are considered to be impaired where there is an objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that
     occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the financial
     assets have been affected.

     For loans and receivables, objective evidence of impairment could include:

     •      significant financial difficulty of the issuer or counterparty; or

     •      breach of contract, such as default or delinquency in interest and principal payments; or

     •      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation; or

     •      disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018) — continued

           Objective evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Group’s past experience of
           collecting payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio and observable changes
           in national or local economic conditions that correlate with default on receivables.

           For financial assets carried at amortized cost, the amount of the impairment loss is recognized is the
           difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows
           discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.

           The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
           with the exception of trade and other receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an
           allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are recognized in profit or loss.
           When a receivable is considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account. Subsequent
           recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to profit or loss.

           For financial assets measured at amortized cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of impairment loss
           decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss was
           recognized, the previously recognized impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the
           carrying amount of the asset at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortized cost
           would have been had the impairment not been recognized.

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the
           asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
           and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset
           and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.




102   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES — continued

     Financial instruments — continued

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments

     Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
     substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
     deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
     received, net of direct issue costs.

     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
     or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
     instruments.

     Financial liabilities

     Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, loan from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries
     and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

     Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings and loans from non-controlling
     shareholders of subsidiaries are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
     method.

     Derecognition of financial liabilities

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
     cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized
     and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

     Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

     A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
     position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised
     amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
     simultaneously.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2018      103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      5.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

           The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
           reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
           assets and liabilities within the next financial year are as follows:

           Impairment of goodwill

           The impairment assessment of goodwill is dependent on certain significant inputs and estimations that involve
           management’s judgements, including the calculation of the value in use of each cash-generating unit to which
           goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows
           expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
           value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, a material impairment may arise. As at
           December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of goodwill are approximately RMB428,021,000 (2017:
           RMB360,274,000). Details of recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 18.

           Estimated provisions for litigation claims

           The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account all
           available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognized for litigation claim if the
           directors of the Company consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable
           estimate can be made on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present
           obligation exists, the Group should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of
           economic benefits in settlement is remote. Details of the contingent liabilities of the Group as at December
           31, 2018 are disclosed in Note 46. As at December 31, 2018, the directors of the Company are of the view
           that no provision shall necessarily be made on litigation claims after taking into account of the opinion of legal
           counsels and the status of the litigations.

           Estimated useful lives and impairment of property and equipment and intangible assets

           The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation or amortization method
           in determining the related depreciation or amortization charges for its property and equipment and intangible
           assets. This estimate is based on the management’s experience of the actual useful lives of property and
           equipment and intangible assets of similar nature and functions. In addition, management assesses
           impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an item of
           property and equipment and intangible assets may not be recoverable. Management will increase the
           depreciation or amortization charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write
           off or write down obsolete assets that have been abandoned or impaired. When the actual useful lives or
           recoverable amounts of property and equipment and intangible assets differ from the original estimates,
           adjustment will be made and recognized in the period in which such event takes place.

           As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of property and equipment are approximately
           RMB545,000,000 (2017: RMB478,753,000). No impairment indicators on property and equipment were
           identified during the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 14.
           As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of intangible assets are approximately RMB21,643,000 (2017:
           RMB17,198,000). No impairment was recorded for the intangible assets during the year ended December 31,
           2018 and 2017. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 17.




104   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


5.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

     Estimated cemetery maintenance income

     The Group estimates cemetery maintenance income to be separated from the sale of burial plots each period.
     Deferred cemetery maintenance income is determined based on the expected cost of maintaining the
     cemetery for the useful life of the cemetery, which includes labour cost, general and administrative expenses,
     and cost of maintenance of landscaping, offset by the expected cemetery maintenance fee to be received
     from customers. The Group also considered factors such as increase in labour cost in future periods when
     estimating cemetery maintenance expense. Cemetery maintenance expense is marked up at a reasonable
     profit and is allocated to individual transaction to arrive at the amount of deferred cemetery maintenance
     income. Total deferred cemetery maintenance income is reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If it is
     considered that deferred cemetery maintenance income is insufficient to cover the expected cost of
     maintenance, provision will be made accordingly. As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of deferred
     cemetery maintenance income are approximately RMB326,496,000 (2017: RMB281,181,000), as disclosed in
     Note 30.

     Estimated cost on renewing land use rights

     The Group enters into contracts with its customers for the provision of burial services, which include the sale
     of burial plots and cemetery maintenance. The Group’s sale of burial plots represents the rights to use those
     burial plots, and some of the sales contracts entered into with the customers have a term that is longer than
     the terms of granted land use rights where the cemeteries are located. Pursuant to the relevant regulations,
     the Group has the right to apply for renew upon expiration of the term of the land use rights. The expected
     cost to fulfil its obligation for the period in excess of the term of the land use rights would be a provision
     recognized as a part of the cost of sales and services. The Group assesses such cost on annual basis. In the
     opinion of the directors of the Company, such cost was not significant during the years ended December 31,
     2018 and 2017.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

           A.    For the year ended December 31, 2018

                 (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                        2018
                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                        Timing of revenue recognition
                        At point in time                                                                           1,605,711
                        Over time                                                                                     45,588


                        Total                                                                                      1,651,299


                 (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                        Sales of burial plots with maintenance services

                        The Group sells burial plots and provide cemetery maintenance services.

                        Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the control of burial plots is transferred
                        to the customer, being when the right to use of burial plots has passed. Payment of the
                        transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the burial plots.

                        The cemetery maintenance service is considered to be a distinct service. Transaction price is
                        allocated between sales of products and the maintenance services. The contract price for the
                        cemetery maintenance services is based on a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair
                        value of such services. The Group estimates the fair value of the cemetery maintenance services
                        income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing such cemetery maintenance
                        services plus a reasonable margin, less total future maintenance fees to be received. Revenue
                        relating to the maintenance services is recognised over time. The transaction price allocated to
                        these services is recognised as a contract liability at the time of the initial sales transaction and is
                        released on a straight-line basis over the period of service.

                        Sales of funeral services

                        The Group offers services of planning funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting
                        of the funeral. Revenue from funeral services is recognized when services are provided. Except for
                        sales of pre-need contracts and services offered to local funeral administration authority, payment
                        of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the funeral services are provided. For
                        services offered to local funeral administration authority, the credit term is 0 –90 days upon service
                        provided.

                        Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death
                        occurring. The payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this will give rise to contract
                        liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised when the funeral service is
                        offered.




106   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2018 — continued

          (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with
                  customers

                  The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
                  unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2018 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as
                  follows:

                                                                                   Cemetery
                                                                                Maintenance         Sales of Pre-
                                                                                    Services     need Contracts
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

                  Within one year                                                      24,695               10,747
                  More than one year                                                 301,801                    —


                  Total                                                              326,496                10,747


     B.   Segment information

          Information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, being the Group’s chief operating decision
          maker, for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance,
          focuses on the products and services delivered or provided.

          The Group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows:

          •       Burial services — sale of burial plots and provision of cemetery maintenance services.

          •       Funeral services — planning of funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting of the
                  funeral.

          •       Others — including auxiliary services such as provision of landscape and garden design services;
                  and production and sale of cremation machines and the related maintenance services.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018     107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

           Segment revenues and results

                                                        Burial     Funeral      Other      Segment
                                                      services    services    services        Total Eliminated        Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000

           For the year ended December 31, 2018:
           External sales                             1,427,123    197,688      26,488 1,651,299              — 1,651,299
           Inter-segment sales                               —          —       16,337    16,337        (16,337)       —


           Total                                      1,427,123    197,688      42,825 1,667,636        (16,337) 1,651,299


           Segment profit (loss)                       712,773      19,858      (9,098)     723,533        (639)     722,894


           Other income, gains and losses                                                                             60,172
           Finance costs                                                                                              (8,293)


           Profit before taxation                                                                                    774,773


                                                         Burial     Funeral      Other     Segment
                                                       services    services    services       Total   Eliminated       Total
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

           For the year ended December 31, 2017:
           External sales                             1,300,045    157,855      19,308 1,477,208              — 1,477,208
           Inter-segment sales                               —          —       17,830    17,830        (17,830)       —


           Total                                      1,300,045    157,855      37,138 1,495,038        (17,830) 1,477,208


           Segment profit (loss)                       620,347      27,419       (1,988)    645,778       (4,612)    641,166


           Other income, gains and losses                                                                             58,805
           Share of profit of a joint venture                                                                            398
           Finance costs                                                                                             (15,585)


           Profit before taxation                                                                                    684,784


           Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

           The accounting policies of the operating segments are similar to those of the Group’s accounting policies.
           Segment profit (loss) represents the profit earned by (loss from) each segment without allocation of other
           income, gains and losses, share of profit of a joint venture and finance costs. This is the measure reported to
           the Group’s chief operating decision maker for the purposes of resource allocation and performance
           assessment. No analysis of segment assets and liabilities is presented as it is not regularly reviewed by the
           Group’s chief operating decision maker.




108   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     Geographical information

     Substantially all of the Group’s identifiable assets and liabilities are located in the People’s Republic of China
     (“PRC”). The Group’s revenue from external customers by geographical location is detailed below:

                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

     PRC                                                                                 1,651,299            1,477,119
     Other countries                                                                            —                      89


                                                                                         1,651,299            1,477,208


     Information about major customers

     No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended December 31,
     2018 and 2017.

7.   OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

     Other income:
     Interest incomes                                                                       55,228                45,101
     Government grants (Note)                                                               14,067                13,316
     Management service income                                                                1,309                3,636


                                                                                            70,604                62,053


     Net gains and losses:
     Net loss on disposal of property and equipment                                         (11,121)                  (78)
     Donation                                                                                (3,282)                 (149)
     Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                                                         6,211                (2,937)
     Others                                                                                  (2,240)                  (84)


                                                                                            (10,432)               (3,248)


     Other income, gains and losses                                                         60,172                58,805


     Note: The government grants represented the amount received from the local government by certain operating subsidiaries
           of the Group to encourage the economic contributions to the society without any specific conditions.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018      109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      8.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Interest on:
            — borrowings                                                                    4,992          5,996
            — loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries (Note 31)             3,121          9,589
            — others                                                                          180             —


            Total finance costs                                                             8,293         15,585


      9.    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

            Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration (Note 10)
            Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits                                     347,977        292,240
            Contributions to retirement benefits scheme (Note 40)                          22,667         19,578
            Share-based payments expenses                                                  30,548         42,538


            Total staff costs                                                             401,192        354,356


            Depreciation of property and equipment                                         41,526         32,134
            Amortization of intangible assets and prepaid lease payments                    4,125          1,524
            Amortization of cemetery assets                                                46,637         40,347
            Amortization of other long-term assets                                            442            692
            Operating lease rentals                                                        24,916         16,081


      10.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

            Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the directors of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Directors’ fees                                                                 8,880          8,880
            Other emoluments
              Discretionary bonus                                                           2,000          2,000
              Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                     146            152
              Share-based payments expenses                                                 6,473          8,136


                                                                                           17,499         19,168




110   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


10.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The emoluments of the directors of the Company on a named basis are as follows:

      For the year ended December 31, 2018

                                         Chief Executive                          Tan Leon
                                          Wang Jisheng       Bai Xiaojiang              Li-an              Total
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

      A) Executive Directors


      Directors’ fees                                3,600          3,600                240               7,440
      Discretionary bonus                            1,000          1,000                 —                2,000
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                                73              73                  —                146
      Share-based payment expenses                   2,606          2,606                113               5,325


      Sub-total                                      7,279          7,279                353              14,911


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                          Huang James
                                             Chih-cheng       Lu Hesheng          Ma Xiang                 Total
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors


      Directors’ fees                                 240             240                240                720
      Discretionary bonus                              —               —                  —                  —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                                 —              —                   —                  —
      Share-based payment expenses                      —             303                113                416


      Sub-total                                       240             543                353               1,136


      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
      its subsidiaries.




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      10.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

            For the year ended December 31, 2018 — continued

                                                      Chen              Luo
                                                     Qunlin         Zhuping        Ho Man    Wu Jianwei        Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

            C) Independent Non-Executive
                Directors


            Directors’ fees                                —            240            240          240          720
            Discretionary bonus                            —             —              —            —            —
            Contributions to retirement
              benefits scheme                              —              —             —               —         —
            Share-based payment expenses                183             183            183          183          732


            Sub-total                                   183             423            423          423        1,452


            The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
            Company.

            There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
            remuneration during the year.

            For the year ended December 31, 2017

                                                 Chief Executive                             Tan Leon
                                                  Wang Jisheng         Bai Xiaojiang            Li-an           Total
                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

            A) Executive Directors


            Directors’ fees                                3,600              3,600              240           7,440
            Discretionary bonus                            1,000              1,000               —            2,000
            Contributions to retirement
              benefits scheme                                  76                76                —             152
            Share-based payment expenses                   3,121              3,121              237           6,479


            Sub-total                                      7,797              7,797              477          16,071


            The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
            of the affairs of the Company and the Group.




112   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


10.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      For the year ended December 31, 2017 — continued

                                            Huang James
                                              Chih-cheng         Lu Hesheng           Ma Xiang               Total
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors


      Directors’ fees                                 240               240                240                720
      Discretionary bonus                              —                 —                  —                  —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                                  —                —                   —                 —
      Share-based payment expenses                       26             420                211                657


      Sub-total                                       266               660                451               1,377


      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
      its subsidiaries.

                                          Chen Qunlin    Luo Zhuping        Ho Man     Wu Jianwei            Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

      C) Independent Non-Executive
          Directors


      Directors’ fees                               —             240           240            240            720
      Discretionary bonus                           —              —             —              —              —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                             —              —             —                —             —
      Share-based payment expenses                 250            250           250            250           1,000


      Sub-total                                    250            490           490            490           1,720


      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
      Company.

      There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
      remuneration during the year.

      During the year, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group under
      the share option scheme of the Company. Details of the share option scheme are set out in Note 34 to the
      Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      10.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

            The five highest paid individuals of the Group included two directors (2017: two) for the year ended December
            31, 2018. The remuneration of the remaining three (2017: three) individuals during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

            Employees
            Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                     4,776            4,900
            Discretionary bonus                                                                    1,900            1,800
            Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                             146                  151
            Share-based payments expenses                                                          2,187            2,966


                                                                                                   9,009            9,817


            The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals fell within the following bands:

                                                                                           Number of individuals
                                                                                                   2018              2017

            Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 3,000,001–HK$3,500,000                                          2                    1
            HK$3,500,001–HK$4,000,000                                                                 1                    1
            HK$4,000,001–HK$4,500,000                                                                 —                   1
            HK$8,500,001–HK$9,000,000                                                                 2                   —
            HK$9,000,001–HK$9,500,000                                                                 —                    2


                                                                                                      5                    5


      11.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

            PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)
              Current year                                                                   176,976              156,727
              Over provision in prior years                                                    (5,893)            (14,061)
            Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                            (11,943)             (8,055)


                                                                                             159,140              134,611




114   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


11.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

      The tax charge for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 can be reconciled to the profit before
      taxation as follows:

                                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

      Profit before taxation                                                                 774,773               684,784



      Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2017: 25%)                                             193,693               171,196
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                   10,562                   5,494
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                       (13,205)                 (6,015)
      Tax effect of different tax rates                                                         (888)                 (2,389)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                  8,189                   2,361
      Tax effect of losses of offshore entities not recognized                                10,334                 14,561
      Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                                     (5,633)                 (5,208)
      Tax deduction on exercised share options (Note)                                        (38,019)               (31,328)
      Over provision in prior years                                                           (5,893)               (14,061)


      Income tax expense for the year                                                        159,140               134,611


      Note: During the year ended December 31, 2018, the relevant tax authorities have agreed that the share options granted by
            the Company to and exercised by the employees of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC can form a base
            for claiming tax deduction in respect of the EIT of those subsidiaries.


      Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulations of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
      25%.

      According to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance, General Administration of Customs and State
      Administration of Taxation on the Implementation of tax policies related to the Western Development Strategy
      (Caishui [2011] No. 58), Chongqing Anle Services Company Limited (“Chongqing Anle Services”), Chongqing
      Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Baitayuan”), Chongqing Anle Funeral
      Services Company Limited (“Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”), Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Services
      Company Limited (“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”) and Chongqing Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Development
      Co., Ltd. (“Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”), subsidiaries of the Group, which are located in specific provinces of
      Western China and engaged in specific encouraged industry, enjoy a preferential PRC EIT rate of 15%. The
      preferential tax rate for Chongqing Anle Services, Chongqing Baitayuan, Chongqing Anle Funeral Services,
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan is effective until 2020.

      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited (“FSY Hong Kong”) is subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of
      16.5% in 2017 and two-tiered profits tax rates regime is applicable to years of assessment beginning on or
      after April 1, 2018. On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue
      (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was
      signed into law on March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax
      rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above
      HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. No Hong Kong profit tax has been provided as the Group did not have
      assessable profit earned in or derived from Hong Kong during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.


                                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018        115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      12.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

            Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognized
              as distributions during the year
            2018 Interim — HK3.72 cents (2017: 2017 interim dividend
              — HK3.24 cents) per share                                                     71,697              58,496
            2017 Final — HK3.24 cents (2017: 2016 final dividend
              — HK2.60 cents) per share                                                     57,969              48,039


                                                                                           129,666             106,535


            Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31,
            2018 of HK3.72 cents per share has been proposed by the directors of the Company and is subject to
            approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting. The dividend will be payable to the
            shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on
            Thursday, May 30, 2019.

      13.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

            The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
            following data:

                                                                                              2018                2017

            Earnings
            Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share
              (RMB’000)                                                                    488,364             417,350



            Number of shares
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
              basic earnings per share                                               2,196,619,245      2,131,816,548


            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
            Share options                                                               36,936,773         33,115,282


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
              diluted earnings per share                                             2,233,556,018      2,164,931,830




116   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


14.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                  Furniture,
                                                   Leasehold    fixtures and      Motor     Construction
                                    Buildings   improvements     equipment      vehicles     in progress      Total
                                    RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2017             270,386          23,052        56,042       42,645         114,782     506,907
      Additions                        1,683           8,115        15,651        1,865          92,681     119,995
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries (Note 35)         3,357            857            926          604           8,136      13,880
      Transfer                        44,436             —            1,232          —           (45,668)        —
      Disposals                           —              (99)        (1,509)      (1,764)             —      (3,372)


      At December 31, 2017           319,862          31,925        72,342       43,350         169,931     637,410
      Additions                       19,815           8,719        17,987        7,065          26,408      79,994
      Acquired on acquisitions of
        subsidiaries (Note 35)         3,872              —            382          817          24,054      29,125
      Transfer                        71,553              2            586           79          (72,220)        —
      Disposals                         (101)             —          (2,260)      (8,160)             —     (10,521)


      At December 31, 2018           415,001          40,646        89,037       43,151         148,173     736,008


      DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2017              64,618          10,392        28,344       26,124               —     129,478
      Provided for the year           14,863           4,860          7,174       5,237               —      32,134
      Eliminated on disposals             —              (49)        (1,239)      (1,667)             —      (2,955)


      At December 31, 2017            79,481          15,203        34,279       29,694               —     158,657
      Provided for the year           19,921           7,224          8,883       5,498               —      41,526
      Eliminated on disposals             (3)             —          (2,014)      (7,158)             —      (9,175)


      At December 31, 2018            99,399          22,427        41,148       28,034               —     191,008


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2017           240,381          16,722        38,063       13,656         169,931     478,753



      At December 31, 2018           315,602          18,219        47,889       15,117         148,173     545,000




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      14.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT — continued

            The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a straight-
            line basis, taking into account their estimated residual values, at the following rates per annum where
            applicable:

            Buildings                              Over the shorter of the remaining lease term of land and useful life of
                                                     buildings of 30 years
            Leasehold improvements                 19.00%–20.00%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment      9.50%–31.67%
            Motor vehicles                         19.00%–25.00%

            As at December 31, 2018, the formal title certificates for certain buildings of the Group with carrying value of
            approximately RMB119,682,000 (2017: RMB99,026,000) had not been obtained.

      15.   PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS

            Prepaid lease payments acquired for the purpose of building funeral parlours and the related auxiliary facilities
            are accounted separately from cemetery assets. The prepaid lease payments have finite useful lives and
            amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.

            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the prepaid lease payments are released to profit or loss as
            expenses amounting RMB1,226,000 (2017: RMB380,000). No prepaid lease payment is transferred to
            cemetery asset during the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: RMB1,224,000).

      16.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

            FAIR VALUE
            At January 1, 2017, December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2018                                                6,509
            Addition                                                                                                    —
            Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                      —


            At December 31, 2018                                                                                     6,509


            The Group’s property held for capital appreciation purposes is accounted for as investment property and
            measured using the fair value model.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the fair value of investment property as of December 31, 2018
            approximates to the carrying value after taking account of market comparable data.

            The following table gives information about how the fair values of these investment properties as at December
            31, 2018 are determined (in particular, the valuation approaches and inputs used), as well as the fair value
            hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorise based on the degree to which the inputs to
            the fair value measurements is observable.




118   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


16.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY — continued

      Investment property held by
      the Group in the consolidated
      statement of financial position         Fair value hierarchy        Valuation technique and key input(s)

      Residential property located            Level 3                     Market-based Approach
        in Shanghai — completed                                           Taking into account the time, location and
        property                                                             individual factors, such as frontage and the
        RMB6,509,000                                                         size, between the comparables and the
        (2017: RMB6,509,000)                                                 property.
                                                                          The key input:
                                                                             Price per square meter RMB67,000 (Note)

      Note: Any significant isolated increases (decreases) in these inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
            measurement.


17.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                             License for
                                                                       Computer             provision of
                                                                         software      funeral services                    Total
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2017                                                     4,624                11,808                 16,432
      Additions                                                              4,185                    —                    4,185
      Acquired on acquisition of a subsidiary                                  122                      —                    122


      At December 31, 2017                                                   8,931                11,808                 20,739
      Additions                                                              7,344                    —                    7,344


      At December 31, 2018                                                  16,275                11,808                 28,083


      AMORTIZATION
      At January 1, 2017                                                     2,397                      —                  2,397
      Provided for the year                                                  1,144                      —                  1,144


      At December 31, 2017                                                   3,541                      —                  3,541
      Provided for the year                                                  2,899                      —                  2,899


      At December 31, 2018                                                   6,440                      —                  6,440


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2017                                                   5,390                11,808                 17,198



      At December 31, 2018                                                   9,835                11,808                 21,643



                                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2018         119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      17.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS — continued

            The license for provision of funeral services was issued by the relevant authorities in Chongqing and is
            renewable every year at minimal costs. The management is of the opinion that the Group would renew the
            license continuously and has the ability to do so. As such, the management considers such license carries an
            indefinite useful life and is carried at cost less any subsequent impairment losses, if any.

            The license will not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it will be tested for
            impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
            impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Group’s management determined that
            there was no impairment of license.

            The recoverable amounts of the license are determined from value in use calculations. The key assumptions
            for the value in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to
            selling prices and direct costs during the period. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax rates
            that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the license. The
            growth rates are by reference to industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are
            based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market.

            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group performed impairment review for the license of the
            cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of Chongqing Anle Services based on cash flow forecasts derived from the
            most recent financial budgets for the next ten years approved by management using discount rate of 14%
            (2017: 12%) per annum which reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
            specific to the CGUs. The cash flows beyond the next ten years are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2%
            (2017: 5%) per annum. The growth rates are by reference to industry growth forecasts.

            Computer software has finite useful life and is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
            of 5 years.

      18.   GOODWILL

            The movements of goodwill as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            COST
            At January 1                                                                       360,274             290,634
            Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 35)                                    67,747              69,640


            At December 31                                                                     428,021             360,274




120   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


18.   GOODWILL — continued

      The carrying amounts of goodwill as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan                                                             9,595               9,595
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling                                                           3,738               3,738
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan                                                              14,769              14,769
      Chongqing Baitayuan                                                             47,458              47,458
      Meilin Century Cemetery                                                         18,899              18,899
      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery                                                  47,245              47,245
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery                                                     36,107              36,107
      Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery                                                     2,425               2,425
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery                                                   87,425              87,425
      Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai                                                      22,973              22,973
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery                                                         23,451              23,451
      Temshine                                                                        23,433              23,433
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery                                                      22,756              22,756
      Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery                                                      12,903                  —
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan                                                            19,123                  —
      Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery                                                       35,721                  —


                                                                                     428,021            360,274


      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to each of the individual CGUs,
      comprising 16 subsidiaries (2017: 13) in the burial, funeral and other services segment. During the years
      ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the management of the Group determines that there are no impairments
      of any of its CGUs containing goodwill.

      The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs are determined from value in use calculations. The key
      assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and
      expected changes to selling prices and direct costs during the period. Management estimates discount rates
      using pre-tax rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
      to the CGUs. The growth rates in the first ten-year period are by reference to industry growth forecasts.
      Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on past practices and expectations of future changes in
      the market. The major underlying assumptions are summarized below:

      All these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
      covering a ten-year period and a discount rate of 14% (2017: 12%). Cash flow beyond that ten-year period
      has been extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate for conservative purpose. Management believes that
      any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount
      of Haigang Fu Shou Yuan, Jinzhou Maoshan Anling, Henan Fu Shou Yuan, Chongqing Baitayuan, Meilin
      Century Cemetery, Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery, Anyang Tianshouyuan
      Cemetery, Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery, Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai, Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery,
      Temshine, Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery, Guizhou Tianyuanshan and
      Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of the respective CGUs.


                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018     121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      19.   CEMETERY ASSETS

                                                                        Landscape         Development
                                                        Land costs           facilities          cost          Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

            COST
            At January 1, 2017                             781,760           191,751          262,470      1,235,981
            Additions                                       79,243             22,162          19,074        120,479
            Acquired on acquisitions of
              subsidiaries (Note 35)                        63,485             16,447          22,095        102,027
            Transfer to inventories                        (32,662)             (8,294)         (8,072)      (49,028)


            At December 31, 2017                           891,826           222,066          295,567      1,409,459
            Additions                                       96,300              6,967          21,817        125,084
            Acquired on acquisitions of
              subsidiaries (Note 35)                        72,446             25,444           2,235        100,125
            Transfer to inventories                          (6,093)              (924)         (2,146)        (9,163)


            At December 31, 2018                         1,054,479           253,553          317,473      1,625,505


            AMORTIZATION
            At January 1, 2017                              69,483             40,031          21,936        131,450
            Provided for the year                           21,329             13,471           5,547         40,347
            Eliminated on transfer                           (4,570)            (1,713)          (876)         (7,159)


            At December 31, 2017                            86,242             51,789          26,607        164,638
            Provided for the year                           25,477             15,009           6,151         46,637
            Eliminated on transfer                            (853)               (438)          (328)         (1,619)


            At December 31, 2018                           110,866             66,360          32,430        209,656


            CARRYING VALUES
            At December 31, 2017                           805,584           170,277          268,960      1,244,821



            At December 31, 2018                           943,613           187,193          285,043      1,415,849


            The land costs mainly represents prepaid lease payments having finite useful lives which are amortized on a
            straight-line basis over the lease terms.




122   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


19.   CEMETERY ASSETS — continued

      Landscape facilities represent the construction cost of facilities such as arbors and bridges in the mausoleum.
      Amortization for landscape facilities is provided on a straight-line basis over shorter of the remaining lease
      term of land or useful life.

      Development cost represents the cost paid for the foundation work and putting the land into the condition
      ready for development of cemetery business. Amortization for development cost is provided on a straight-line
      basis over the estimated useful life (same as land costs over the lease terms).

      Upon commencement of development of an area within the cemetery, the proportionate cemetery assets are
      transferred to inventories.

20.   RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

      Restricted deposits represent the deposits which are placed in designated joint controlled bank accounts with
      local funeral associations. In accordance with the requirements of local authorities, the balances are provided
      based on certain percentages of cemetery sales of certain subsidiaries for the use of cemetery maintenance.
      The restricted deposits can be drawn only with simultaneous approvals from both sides of the subsidiary and
      the respective funeral association for cemetery maintenance expenditure.

21.   DEFERRED TAXATION

      The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized by the Group and movements thereon
      during the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                    Contract                                Fair value
                                                    liabilities       Tax losses          adjustment                 Total
                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                (Note)

      At January 1, 2017                               22,809               4,704              (89,142)            (61,629)
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries
        (Note 35)                                           —               3,502                1,377               4,879
      Credit to profit or loss                          4,434                 468                3,153               8,055


      At December 31, 2017                             27,243               8,674              (84,612)            (48,695)
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries
        (Note 35)                                           —                   —              (12,673)            (12,673)
      Credit to profit or loss                          3,880               3,484                4,579              11,943


      At December 31, 2018                             31,123              12,158              (92,706)            (49,425)


      Note: Fair value adjustment mainly refers to revaluation of property and equipment and cemetery assets upon the business
            combination arose from acquisitions of subsidiaries and revaluation of investment property.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2018      123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      21.   DEFERRED TAXATION — continued

            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, deferred tax assets and
            liabilities are offset when there is legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same legal entity and fiscal authority. The following is the
            analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            Deferred tax assets                                                                 45,377              38,039
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                           (94,802)             (86,734)


                                                                                               (49,425)             (48,695)


            The deferred tax balances have reflected the tax rates that are expected to apply in the respective years when
            the asset is realized or the liability is settled.

            The Group has unused tax losses of approximately RMB106,791,000 (2017: RMB82,113,000) as at December
            31, 2018. Deferred tax assets have been recognized in respect of approximately RMB48,632,000 (2017:
            RMB34,696,000) of such losses as at December 31, 2018. No deferred tax assets have been recognized in
            respect of the remaining approximately RMB58,159,000 (2017: RMB47,417,000) as at December 31, 2018
            due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

            Pursuant to the rules and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognized tax losses at the end of each reporting
            period will expire in five years. The deductible taxable losses which are not recognized as deferred tax assets
            will expire in the following years as bellows:

                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            2018                                                                                    —                 5,323
            2019                                                                                 8,855              22,538
            2020                                                                                   206                  893
            2021                                                                                 6,942                9,219
            2022                                                                                 7,997                9,444
            2023                                                                                34,159                   —


                                                                                                58,159              47,417


            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
            by the PRC subsidiaries from January 1, 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
            consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to retained profits of the
            PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB1,925,788,000 (2017: RMB1,441,744,000) as the Group is able to control
            the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future.




124   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


22.   OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS

                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Contract fee (a)                                                                         —              13,200
      Franchise right (b)                                                                  11,319              7,635
      Long-term deposits (c)                                                               14,020                 —


                                                                                           25,339             20,835


      Other long-term assets mainly represent:

      (a)   Contract fee prepaid to a third party in accordance with a management service agreement, pursuant to
            which the Group is entitled to provide management service to a cemetery owned by Chaoyang
            Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd (“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”), and to obtain fee from the
            services provided. The prepayments were amortized over the agreed service period. In May 2018,
            Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery has been acquired by the Group (Note 35).

      (b)   Franchise right mainly represents the right obtained from a third party in accordance with a management
            service agreement, pursuant to which the Group is entitled to provide management service for a funeral
            parlour owned by the third party, and to obtain variable fee from the services provided. The franchise
            right are amortized over the agreed service period. Franchise right has finite useful life and is amortized
            on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 30 to 35 years.

      (c)   Long-term deposits are deposits paid to Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service Center and Civil Affairs
            Bureau of Zheng’an County to guarantee the execution of projects. The deposits are not subjected to be
            repaid in one year and thus classified in long-term assets.

      During the year ended December 31, 2018, amortization of other long-term assets charged to profit or loss as
      expenses amounting to RMB442,000 (2017: RMB692,000).

23.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Burial plots                                                                        308,525           302,733
      Tombstone                                                                            91,550             80,159
      Others                                                                               47,928             43,489


                                                                                          448,003           426,381




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018    125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      24.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

            Trade receivables                                                                 14,778              6,310


            Other receivables comprise:
            Prepayments and rental deposits on properties                                      3,632              2,650
            Staff advances                                                                     1,791              1,335
            Entrusted loan (Note)                                                             11,950             12,950
            Management service income receivable                                                  —               2,355
            Bond for new projects                                                              3,462              1,055
            Prepayments to suppliers                                                           2,196                451
            Others                                                                            13,695             20,201


                                                                                              51,504             47,307


            Note: As of December 31, 2018, the Group has advanced an unsecured loan amounting to RMB11,950,000 (2017:
                  RMB12,950,000) to a cemetery for which the Group is providing management services. The entrusted loan is
                  interest-free and repayable within one year.


            The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of burial
            services. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines, provision of
            landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration authorities. Before
            accepting any new customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to
            assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer.

            The ageing analysis of trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the end of reporting period is
            as follows:

                                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

            Within one year                                                                   10,207                 —
            Over one year but less than two years                                                 —               6,269
            Over two years but less than three years                                           4,571                 41


                                                                                              14,778              6,310




126   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


24.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES — continued

      Ageing of trade receivables which are past due but not impaired

                                                                                         2018                2017
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Aged:
      Within one year                                                                       —                   —
      Over one year but less than two years                                                 —                  332
      Over two years but less than three years                                              —                   41


                                                                                            —                  373


      In determining the recoverability of the trade receivables, the Group reassesses any change in the credit
      quality of the trade receivables since the credit was granted and up to the reporting date. After reassessment,
      the directors of the Company are of the view that no allowance is required.

25.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:

                                                                                         2018                2017
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

      Unlisted cash management products (a)                                           577,420                   —
      Equity investment (b)                                                            29,761                   —


                                                                                      607,181                   —




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      25.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

            (a)   Unlisted cash management products

                  During the period, the Group entered into a number of structured deposit and cash management
                  products (collectively referred to as “cash management products”) as part of its treasury management.

                  Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Expected      Principal-
                  Bank                        Name of products       Currency   Amount    Term/call date         yield rate    guaranteed
                                                                                RMB’000



                  China Merchants Bank        Structured deposit     RMB         10,000   30 days                4.00%         Yes
                                                (Note 1)
                  Shanghai Pudong             Li Duo Duo (“利多多”)     RMB        180,000   Redeemable on call     3.75%–3.80%   No
                    Development Bank            cash management                             after 7 days on
                                                (Note 2)                                    work day
                  Shanghai Pudong             Li Duo Duo E Lu Fa     RMB         97,110   Redeemable on call     3.70%–3.80%   No
                    Development Bank            (“利多多E路發”)                                  after 14 work days
                                                (Note 2)                                    on work day
                  Shanghai Pudong             Tian Tian Li (“天添利”)   RMB            100   Redeemable on call     3.05%         No
                    Development Bank            Mini (Note 2)                               on work day
                  Industrial and Commercial   Zhou Zhou Fen Hong     RMB          2,600   Redeemable on call     2.50%         No
                    Bank of China               (“周周分紅”)                                    on work day
                                                (Note 2)
                  Industrial and Commercial   Ru Yi Ren Sheng        RMB          7,610   Redeemable on the      2.20%         No
                    Bank of China               (“如意人生”)I B                                 20th day of every
                                                (Note 2)                                    month
                  China Construction Bank     Xin Xin Xiang Rong     RMB        200,000   95 days                4.30%         No
                                                (“鑫鑫向榮”)
                                                (Note 2)
                  China Construction Bank     Ri Ri Xin (“日日鑫”)      RMB         80,000   Redeemable on call     2.70–3.90%    No
                                                (Note 2)                                    on work day

                  Note 1:   The product is structured deposit of which the return was determined by reference to the performance of the
                            commodity gold price.

                  Note 2:   Investment portfolio of the products includes government debt instruments, treasury notes, corporate
                            bonds and etc.


                  The cash management products have been accounted for financial assets at FVTPL on initial
                  recognition. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the fair value of the cash management
                  products at December 31, 2018 approximated their principal amounts, and the fair value of the
                  embedded derivatives is insignificant.




128   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


25.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      (b)   Equity investment

            In July 2018, the Group has made an equity investment of Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd. in the
            amount of RMB29,000,000, accounting for 10% of the total equity interests and this equity investment
            was measured at FVTPL. Huaxia Cemetery is an unlisted company providing burial services in
            Changchun City of Jilin Province.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the fair value was about RMB30 million as at December
            31, 2018 and the fair value change of these equity investments is insignificant since the initial
            recognition. The performance of Huaxia Cemetery for the year ended December 31, 2018 was
            consistent with the expectation at time of investment decision. No dividend has been distributed by
            Huaxia Cemetery for the year ended December 31, 2018.

26.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

      RMB-denominated                                                                48,298              10,000


                                                                                     48,298              10,000


      As of December 31, 2018, the Group had fixed-term deposits in banks in the PRC with maturities of six
      months (“Time Deposits”). The deposits of carry fixed interests rate from 1.920% to 1.937% per annum (2017:
      fixed interests rate of 4.20% per annum).

27.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH

      Bank balances of the Group denominated in RMB, HK$ and US Dollars (“US$”) carry variable-rate interest as
      follows:

                                                                                      2018                2017

      Interest rate per annum
      — RMB                                                                  0.30%–4.35%          0.35%–3.8%
      — HK$                                                                  0.01%–2.45%               0.01%
      — US$                                                                          0.05%             0.05%


      The bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than RMB are set out below:

                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

      HK$                                                                            74,500              97,069
      US$                                                                            33,360              31,315


                                                                                   107,860              128,384




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2018    129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      28.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

            Trade payables                                                                 165,393             126,209


            Other payables comprise:
            Advances and deposits from customers                                            14,688              23,706
            Payables for acquisition of property and equipment                                 604                 604
            Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                             139,541             110,546
            Other accrued expenses                                                          49,134              44,965
            Consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries                          39,578              35,076
            Others                                                                          25,358              49,789


                                                                                           434,296             390,895


            The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the year end:

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

            0–90 days                                                                       62,467              41,440
            91–180 days                                                                     17,485              11,370
            181–365 days                                                                    15,139              40,272
            Over 365 days                                                                   70,302              33,127


                                                                                           165,393             126,209


            The average credit period on purchases of goods is 181 to 365 days.




130   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


29.   BORROWINGS

                                                                                              2018               2017
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

      Borrowings carry at variable interest rate
      — Secured by the Group’s equity interest in subsidiaries                              43,860              81,020
      — Unsecured                                                                           60,000              32,000


                                                                                           103,860            113,020



      The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
          Within one year                                                                   75,000              60,500
          More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                   15,000              20,830
          More than two years but not more than five years                                  13,860              31,690


                                                                                           103,860            113,020
          Less: amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                (75,000)            (60,500)


          Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                       28,860              52,520


      *      The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.


      The Group’s variable-rate bank borrowings carry interests at the People’s Bank of China benchmark rate plus
      a premium. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the interest rates of the variable-rate borrowings ranged
      4.350% to 4.998% per annum (2017: 4.350% to 4.998%).

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s equity interest in two subsidiaries that were secured against the Group’s
      borrowings are set out below:

                                                                                              2018               2017
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

      Net book value of the Group’s equity interest in subsidiaries                        121,630            133,568




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      30.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                31/12/2018       1/1/2018*
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

            Cemetery maintenance services                                                           326,496        281,181
            Sales of pre-need contracts                                                              10,747           4,045


                                                                                                    337,243        285,226



            Current                                                                                  35,442         26,662
            Non-Current                                                                             301,801        258,564


                                                                                                    337,243        285,226


            *     The amounts in this column are after the adjustments from the application of IFRS 15.


            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

            Cemetery maintenance services

            The Group provides on-going cemetery maintenance services as part of the burial services to maintain the
            landscaped cemeteries and the large number of memorials that lie on the cemeteries.

            Customers who purchase burial services at certain locations are required to make advance payments for
            maintenance fees, relating to the maintenance of their cremation niches or burial lots and memorials over 10
            to 20 years, and such amounts are generally paid together with the purchase of the Group’s burial services.

            The Group keeps track of the cemetery maintenance expense for the sites and makes estimate based on the
            projected increases, such as increase in the labor cost and the incremental maintenance expense as a result
            of increase in future sales. Total estimated cemetery maintenance expense plus a reasonable margin, offset
            by estimated maintenance fees to be received, represent revenue to be deferred, which is recorded as the
            contract liabilities relating to cemetery maintenance services. Total deferred income is allocated to the
            individual transaction to determine the amount of revenue to be deferred at each year.

            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group generated revenue from the provision of cemetery
            maintenance services in the amount of approximately RMB24,720,000 (2017: RMB22,460,000).

            Sales of pre-need contracts

            Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death occurring. The
            payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
            contract, until the revenue recognised when the funeral service is offered. Therefore, this part of advance
            payment belongs to the current liabilities of the Group.




132   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


31.   LOAN FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                  2018                    2017
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology
        Development Co. Ltd.* (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限公司)                                                    26,950                10,039
      Shandong World Trade Center* (山東世界貿易中心)                                                     31,969                41,525


                                                                                                  58,919                51,564


      *     The English names of the entities established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

      The loan from Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. carries a fixed
      interest rate at 4.350% per annum and is due in January 2019.

      The loan from Shandong World Trade Center carries a fixed interest rate at 5.655% (December 31, 2017:
      4.785%) per annum.

      As at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, Shandong World Trade Center has confirmed that it shall
      not demand repayment of the amount due to it within twelve months from each of the period end.
      Accordingly, the amount is shown under non-current as at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

32.   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                shares                 Amount
                                                                                                                         US$

      Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
      Authorized:
      At January 1, 2017, December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018                       20,000,000,000            200,000,000


                                                                                                                Shown in the
                                                                                                                consolidated
                                                                      Number of                                     financial
                                                                         shares                 Amount         statements as
                                                                                                  US$               RMB’000

      Issued and fully paid:
      At January 1, 2017                                          2,102,357,727              21,023,577                127,470
      Exercise of share options (Note 34)                            62,181,695                 621,817                  4,196


      At December 31, 2017                                        2,164,539,422              21,645,394                131,666
      Exercise of share options (Note 34)                            50,535,000                 505,350                  3,254


      At December 31, 2018                                        2,215,074,422              22,150,744                134,920


      The new shares rank pari passu with the existing shares in all respects.




                                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2018   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      33.   RESERVES

            Statutory surplus reserve

            As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
            maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. An appropriation to such reserve is made
            out of net profit after tax as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the
            amounts and allocation basis are decided by their respective boards of directors annually. The appropriation,
            however, must be at least 10% of profit after tax and may cease when the fund balance reaches 50% of the
            registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used to make up prior
            year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of a capitalization issue.

            Special reserve

            The special reserve consisted of an amount of RMB5,000,000 representing deemed contribution from the
            equity holders pursuant to a Group’s reorganization and an amount of RMB79,667,000 representing deemed
            contribution from the founding shareholders as a result of a waiver of liabilities by such founding shareholders
            prior to the Company’s listing.

            Other reserve

            Other reserve represents the difference between the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net
            assets of non wholly-owned subsidiaries transferred from non-controlling interests and the consideration paid
            to acquire the respective from non-controlling interests.

      34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

            Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

            The Company adopted a pre-IPO share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) on March 10,
            2013 for the primary purpose of motivating participants to optimise their performance and efficiency, and
            retaining the guarantees whose contributions are important to the Group’s long-term growth and
            development. Under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the directors of the Company may grant up to
            100,000,000 share options to eligible employees, including directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to
            subscribe for shares in the Company.

            On August 8, 2013, 57,613,169 share options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme were granted to the
            directors of the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All options are granted at an exercise price of HK$1 per share.

            (2)   All options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme can only be exercised in the following
                  manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share
                  Exercise Period                                underlying the option exercisable

                  From August 8, 2015 to August 7, 2017          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                  From August 8, 2016 to August 7, 2017          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.



134   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme — continued

      Set out below are details of movements of the outstanding options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
      Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2017:

                                                                       Number of options

                                                    Balance          Exercised           Forfeited           Balance
                                                 outstanding    during the year    during the year       outstanding
                                                        as at            ended              ended                as at
                                                  January 1,     December 31,       December 31,       December 31,
                                                       2017               2017               2017               2017

      Directors
      Bai Xiaojiang                               3,453,452          (3,453,452)                —                  —
      Wang Jisheng                                3,453,452          (3,453,452)                —                  —


                                                  6,906,904          (6,906,904)                —                  —
      Other employees                            24,278,538        (24,256,791)            (21,747)                —


      Total                                      31,185,442        (31,163,695)            (21,747)                —



      Exercisable at December 31                 31,185,442                                                        —



      Weighted average exercise price
        (HK$)                                              1                  1                  1                 —


      All the share options have been exercised in 2017, and no changes were made in 2018.

      Share Option Scheme

      The Company adopted a share option scheme on December 3, 2013 (the “Share Option Scheme”) which shall
      be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from that date, subject to early termination by the Company in a
      general meeting or by the directors of the Company. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide
      incentives or rewards to participants for their contributions to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit
      and retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any entity
      in which the Group holds any equity interest. Under the Share Option Scheme, the directors of the Company
      may offer to grant an option to any director or employee, or any advisor, consultant, suppliers, customers or
      shareholder of any member of the Group (the “Eligible Participants”).




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018      135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

            Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on August 5, 2014

            On August 5, 2014, the Company granted 42,000,000 share options (the “Share Option A”) to the directors of
            the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option A are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.14 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option A granted to the employees under the Share Option Scheme can only be exercised in
                  the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share
                  Exercise Period                                underlying the option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2018          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2018          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.

            (3)   All Share Option A granted to the directors of the Company under the Share Option Scheme can only be
                  exercised in the following manners:

                                                                 Maximum percentage of share
                  Exercise Period                                underlying the option exercisable

                  From August 5, 2016 to August 4, 2024          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.
                  From August 5, 2017 to August 4, 2024          50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                   options granted.

                  The fair values of the Option A granted to the directors of the Company and employees at grant date are
                  HK$1.27 per share and HK$0.78 per share respectively, representing RMB37,849,000 in total, which is
                  determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                              Employee       Directors

                  Grant date share price                                                       HK$4.14           HK$4.14
                  Exercise price                                                               HK$4.14           HK$4.14
                  Expected volatility                                                           24.4%               24.4%
                  Option life                                                                   4 years          10 years
                  Dividend yield                                                                   1%                 1%
                  Risk-free interest rate                                                      1.1365%        2.0520%
                  Forfeiture rate                                                                  5%               —

                  The risk-free interest rates were based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with
                  maturity with 4 years and 10 years as of the date of grant, respectively.




136   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      Share Option Scheme — continued

      Granted on August 5, 2014 — continued

      Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been
      used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the fair value
      of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
      variables of certain subjective assumptions.

      Granted on March 19, 2015

      On March 19, 2015, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option B”) to the directors of
      the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

      (1)   All Share Option B are granted at an exercise price of HK$3.126 per share.

      (2)   All Share Option B granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                            Maximum percentage of share
            Exercise Period                                 underlying the option exercisable

            From March 19, 2017 to March 18, 2019           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                              options granted.
            From March 19, 2018 to March 18, 2019           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                              options granted.

      The fair value of the Option B at grant date is HK$0.47 per share, representing RMB18,020,000 in total, which
      is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

      Grant date share price                                                                              HK$3.10
      Exercise price                                                                                    HK$3.126
      Expected volatility                                                                                 21.43%
      Option life                                                                                          4 years
      Dividend yield                                                                                           1.67%
      Risk-free interest rate                                                                                  1.08%
      Forfeiture rate                                                                                          4.20%

      The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity with
      4 years as of the date of grant.

      Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been
      used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the fair value
      of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
      variables of certain subjective assumptions.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018     137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

            Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on March 24, 2016

            On March 24, 2016, the Company granted 48,000,000 share options (the “Share Option C”) to the directors of
            the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option C are granted at an exercise price of HK$5.824 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option C granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                Maximum percentage of share
                  Exercise Period                               underlying the option exercisable

                  From March 24, 2018 to March 23, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.
                  From March 24, 2019 to March 23, 2020         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.

            The fair value of the Option C at grant date is HK$1.21 per share, representing RMB48,592,000 in total, which
            is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                             HK$5.52
            Exercise price                                                                                    HK$5.824
            Expected volatility                                                                                 34.34%
            Option life                                                                                         4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                           2%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                                0.99%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                        4.30%

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity with
            4 years as of the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been
            used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the fair value
            of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
            variables of certain subjective assumptions.




138   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      Share Option Scheme — continued

      Granted on May 16, 2016

      On May 16, 2016, the Company granted 2,000,000 share options (the “Share Option D”) to the directors of the
      Company under the following terms:

      (1)   All Share Option D are granted at an exercise price of HK$5.466 per share.

      (2)   All Share Option D granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                            Maximum percentage of share
            Exercise Period                                 underlying the option exercisable

            From April 27, 2018 to April 26, 2020           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                              options granted.
            From April 27, 2019 to April 26, 2020           50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                              options granted.

      The fair value of the Option D at grant date is HK$1.32 per share, representing RMB2,207,000 in total, which
      is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

      Grant date share price                                                                            HK$5.460
      Exercise price                                                                                    HK$5.466
      Expected volatility                                                                                      33.6%
      Option life                                                                                          4 years
      Dividend yield                                                                                             2%
      Risk-free interest rate                                                                                  0.86%
      Forfeiture rate                                                                                              —

      The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity with
      4 years as of the date of grant.

      Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been
      used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variable and assumptions used in computing the fair value
      of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
      variables of certain subjective assumptions.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018     139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

            Share Option Scheme — continued

            Granted on March 20, 2017

            On March 20, 2017, the Company granted 50,000,000 share options (the “Share Option E”) to the directors of
            the Company and employees of the Group under the following terms:

            (1)   All Share Option E are granted at an exercise price of HK$4.850 per share.

            (2)   All Share Option E granted can only be exercised in the following manners:

                                                                Maximum percentage of share
                  Exercise Period                               underlying the option exercisable

                  From March 20, 2019 to March 19, 2021         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.
                  From March 20, 2020 to March 19, 2021         50% of the total number of shares underlying the
                                                                  options granted.

            The fair value of the Option E at grant date is HK$1.00 per share, representing RMB44,301,000 in total, which
            is determined using a binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

            Grant date share price                                                                            HK$4.850
            Exercise price                                                                                    HK$4.850
            Expected volatility                                                                                 29.22%
            Option life                                                                                         4 years
            Dividend yield                                                                                           2%
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                                1.41%
            Forfeiture rate                                                                                        3.83%

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of Hong Kong Government Bond with maturity with
            4 years as of the date of grant.

            Expected volatility was determined based on the historical share price volatility. The Binomial Model has been
            used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value
            of the share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
            variables of certain subjective assumptions.




140   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      Share Option Scheme — continued

      Set out below are details of movements of the outstanding options in relation to Share Option A to E granted
      under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                                                                        Number of options

                                                                                      Balance      Granted    Exercised     Forfeited     Balance
                                                                      Exercise    outstanding    during the   during the   during the outstanding
                                                                          price          as at  year ended   year ended   year ended         as at
                                                                     per Share     January 1, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                Batch            Date of grant           (HK$)           2018         2018         2018         2018         2018

      Directors
      Bai Xiaojiang             Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14              —           —             —             —              —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126       1,500,000          —             —             —       1,500,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824       2,000,000          —             —             —       2,000,000
                                Share Option D   May 16, 2016           5.466       1,000,000          —             —             —       1,000,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850       5,000,000          —             —             —       5,000,000
      Wang Jisheng              Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14              —           —             —             —              —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126       1,500,000          —             —             —       1,500,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824       2,000,000          —             —             —       2,000,000
                                Share Option D   May 16, 2016           5.466       1,000,000          —             —             —       1,000,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850       5,000,000          —             —             —       5,000,000
      Tan Leon Li-an            Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14         400,000          —       (400,000)           —              —
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824         500,000          —             —             —         500,000
      Ma Xiang                  Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824         500,000          —             —             —         500,000
      Lu Hesheng                Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14         400,000          —       (400,000)           —              —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126         500,000          —             —             —         500,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824         500,000          —             —             —         500,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850         500,000          —             —             —         500,000
      Huang James               Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14         400,000          —       (400,000)           —              —
        Chih-cheng
      Chen Qunlin               Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14        200,000           —       (200,000)           —             —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
      Luo Zhuping               Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14        200,000           —       (200,000)           —             —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
      Ho Man                    Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14        200,000           —       (200,000)           —             —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
      Wu Jianwei                Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14        200,000           —       (200,000)           —             —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824        300,000           —             —             —        300,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850        300,000           —             —             —        300,000

                                                                                   27,100,000          —     (2,000,000)           —      25,100,000
      Other employees           Share Option A   August 5, 2014          4.14      16,879,000          —    (16,804,000)      (75,000)            —
                                Share Option B   March 19, 2015         3.126      35,673,000          —    (25,874,000)           —       9,799,000
                                Share Option C   March 24, 2016         5.824      41,300,000          —     (5,857,000)           —      35,443,000
                                Share Option E   March 20, 2017         4.850      38,300,000          —             —             —      38,300,000

      Total                                                                       159,252,000          —    (50,535,000)      (75,000)   108,642,000


      Exercisable at December 31                                                   34,252,000                                             33,642,000

      Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                                              4.63        N/A           3.82          4.14           5.01




                                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2018         141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

            Share Option Scheme — continued

            Set out below are details of movements of the outstanding options in relation to Share Option A to E granted
            under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2017:

                                                                                                                 Number of options

                                                                                          Balance       Granted    Exercised     Forfeited     Balance
                                                                          Exercise     outstanding    during the   during the   during the  outstanding
                                                                              price           as at  year ended   year ended   year ended          as at
                                                                         per Share      January 1, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                      Batch            Date of grant         (HK$)           2017          2017         2017         2017         2017

            Directors
            Bai Xiaojiang             Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14        2,000,000           —        (2,000,000)       —             —
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126        3,000,000           —        (1,500,000)       —      1,500,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824        2,000,000           —                —         —      2,000,000
                                      Share Option D   May 16, 2016        5.466        1,000,000           —                —         —      1,000,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850               —     5,000,000               —         —      5,000,000
            Wang Jisheng              Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14        2,000,000           —        (2,000,000)       —             —
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126        3,000,000           —        (1,500,000)       —      1,500,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824        2,000,000           —                —         —      2,000,000
                                      Share Option D   May 16, 2016        5.466        1,000,000           —                —         —      1,000,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850               —     5,000,000               —         —      5,000,000
            Tan Leon Li-an            Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14          400,000           —                —         —        400,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824          500,000           —                —         —        500,000
            Ma Xiang                  Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824          500,000           —                —         —        500,000
            Lu Hesheng                Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14          400,000           —                —         —        400,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126          500,000           —                —         —        500,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824          500,000           —                —         —        500,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850               —       500,000               —         —        500,000
            Huang James               Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14          400,000           —                —         —        400,000
              Chih-cheng
            Chen Qunlin               Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14         200,000           —                  —        —       200,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850              —       300,000                 —        —       300,000
            Luo Zhuping               Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14         200,000           —                  —        —       200,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850              —       300,000                 —        —       300,000
            Ho Man                    Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14         200,000           —                  —        —       200,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850              —       300,000                 —        —       300,000
            Wu Jianwei                Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14         200,000           —                  —        —       200,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824         300,000           —                  —        —       300,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850              —       300,000                 —        —       300,000

                                                                                       22,400,000   11,700,000        (7,000,000)      —     27,100,000
            Other employees           Share Option A   August 5, 2014       4.14       34,270,000           —       (17,391,000)       —     16,879,000
                                      Share Option B   March 19, 2015      3.126       42,300,000           —         (6,627,000)      —     35,673,000
                                      Share Option C   March 24, 2016      5.824       41,300,000           —                 —        —     41,300,000
                                      Share Option E   March 20, 2017      4.850               —    38,300,000                —        —     38,300,000

            Total                                                                     140,270,000   50,000,000      (31,018,000)       —    159,252,000


            Exercisable at December 31                                                 19,670,000                                            34,252,000


            Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                                            4.37         4.85             3.83      N/A           4.63




142   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                     Annual Report 2018
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


34.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION — continued

      Share Option Scheme — continued

      As 31 December 2018, 108,642,000 (2017: 159,252,000) share options remains outstanding under the Share
      Option Scheme, representing 4.90% (2017: 7.36%) of the ordinary shares of the Company in issue at that
      date.

      In respect of the share options exercised during the period, the weighted average share price at the dates of
      exercise is HK$7.86 (2017: HK$5.36).

      The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB30,548,000 (2017: RMB42,538,000) for the year in
      relation to Share Option B to E (2017: Share Option A to E) granted by the Company under Share Option
      Scheme.

35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      (a)     Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
              (“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”)

              On May 9, 2018, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Industry Development Co., Ltd (“Shanghai FSY”), a wholly-
              owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an agreement with an independent third party not
              connected to the Group to acquire 100% equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery, for a
              consideration of RMB34,212,000. This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition
              method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB12,903,000. Chaoyang
              Longshan Cemetery is engaged in burial service and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.
              The acquisition was completed in May 2018.




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018      143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (a)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                      228
                  Cemetery assets                                                                          21,005
                  Inventories                                                                               5,967
                  Other receivables                                                                            84
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                      807
                  Trade and other payables                                                                   (754)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (4,528)
                  Contract liabilities                                                                      (1,500)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                      21,309
                  Goodwill                                                                                 12,903


                  Consideration transferred                                                                34,212



                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash paid in 2018                                                                        19,042
                  Deposit paid in prior years                                                              14,170
                  Consideration payable                                                                     1,000


                  Cash consideration                                                                       34,212



                  Cash paid upon completion of the acquisition                                             19,042
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                       807


                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition                                                  18,235




144   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (a)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery — continued

            Goodwill arising in the acquisition of Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery because the consideration for the
            combination effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Chaoyang
            Longshan Cemetery. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not
            meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above
            acquisition is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.

            Included in the profit for the year is a profit of approximately RMB101,000 which is attributable to
            Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery.

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2018, total group revenue for the year would have
            been RMB1,655,374,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB615,581,000. The pro forma
            information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
            operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
            January 1, 2018, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery been
            acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated
            depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising
            in the initial accounting for the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the
            pre-acquisition financial statements.

      (b)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Helinge’er County Anyou Ecological Memorial Cemetery
            Co., Ltd (“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”)

            In May 2018, Shanghai FSY entered into an agreement with an independent third party not connected to
            the Group to acquire 100% equity interest of Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery by phases at a total
            consideration of RMB119,200,000. This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition
            method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB35,721,000. Helinge’er
            Anyou Cemetery is engaged in burial service and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (b)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                    4,817
                  Cemetery assets                                                                          74,140
                  Inventories                                                                              19,999
                  Other receivables                                                                            16
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                   31,844
                  Trade and other payables                                                                 (33,212)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (8,145)
                  Contract liabilities                                                                      (5,980)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                      83,479
                  Goodwill                                                                                 35,721


                  Consideration transferred                                                               119,200



                  Satisfied by:
                  Consideration payable                                                                     6,825
                  Cash paid in 2018                                                                       112,375


                  Cash consideration                                                                      119,200



                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition                                                 112,375




146   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (b)   Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery — continued

            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery because the consideration for the
            combination effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Helinge’er Anyou
            Cemetery. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the
            recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above
            acquisition is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.

            Included in the profit for the year is a loss of approximately RMB1,200,000 which is attributable to
            Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery.

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2018, total group revenue for the year would have
            been RMB1,659,291,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB617,028,000. The pro forma
            information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
            operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
            January 1, 2018, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery been
            acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated
            depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising
            in the initial accounting for the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the
            pre-acquisition financial statements.

      (c)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd. (“Guizhou
            Tianyuanshan”)

            In May 2018, Shanghai FSY entered into an agreement with an independent third party not connected to
            the Group to acquire 80% equity interest of Guizhou Tianyuanshan by phases at a total consideration of
            RMB72,000,000.

            In May 2018, Shanghai FSY acquired 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan for the first phase.
            Pursuant to the agreement, upon fulfilment of certain conditions, Shanghai FSY will make further capital
            contributions to Guizhou Tianyuanshan. This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition
            method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB19,123,000. Guizhou
            Tianyuanshan is engaged in burial service and funeral service and was acquired as part of the Group’s
            expansion.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (c)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                   24,080
                  Cemetery assets                                                                           4,980
                  Other long-term assets                                                                    9,021
                  Inventories                                                                                  87
                  Other receivables                                                                           410
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                      233
                  Trade and other payables                                                                  (1,379)
                  Contract liabilities                                                                      (1,536)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                      35,896
                  Non-controlling interest                                                                  (7,179)
                  Goodwill                                                                                 19,123


                  Consideration transferred                                                                47,840



                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash paid in 2018                                                                        41,800
                  Consideration payable                                                                     6,040


                  Cash consideration                                                                       47,840



                  Cash paid upon completion of the acquisition                                             41,800
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                       233


                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition                                                  41,567




148   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (c)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Guizhou Tianyuanshan — continued

            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Guizhou Tianyuanshan because the consideration for the
            combination effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Guizhou
            Tianyuanshan. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet
            the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the above
            acquisition is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.

            Included in the profit for the year is a profit of approximately RMB1,034,000 which is attributable to
            Guizhou Tianyuanshan.

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2018, total group revenue for the year would have
            been RMB1,664,598,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB615,179,000. The pro forma
            information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
            operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
            January 1, 2018, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery been
            acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated
            depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising
            in the initial accounting for the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the
            pre-acquisition financial statements.

      (d)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery Co., Ltd (“Luoyang Xianhe
            Cemetery”)

            On September 28, 2016, Shanghai FSY entered into an agreement with an independent third party not
            connected to the Group to acquire 80% equity interest in Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery, for a cash
            consideration of RMB57,600,000. This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition
            method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB23,451,000. Luoyang
            Xianhe Cemetery is engaged in sale of burial plots and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion.
            The acquisition was completed in January 2017.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018      149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (d)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                      744
                  Cemetery assets                                                                          36,187
                  Inventories                                                                              16,891
                  Other receivables                                                                           458
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                    1,801
                  Trade and other payables                                                                  (8,644)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (750)
                  Other long-term liabilities                                                               (4,000)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                      42,687
                  Non-controlling interests                                                                 (8,538)
                  Goodwill                                                                                 23,451


                  Consideration transferred                                                                57,600



                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash paid in 2017                                                                        47,600
                  Consideration payable                                                                    10,000


                  Cash consideration                                                                       57,600



                  Cash paid in 2017                                                                        47,600
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                     (1,801)


                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition in 2017                                          45,799




150   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (d)   Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery — continued

            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery because the consideration for the
            combination effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Luoyang Xianhe
            Cemetery. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the
            recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition
            above is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.

            Included in the profit for 2017 is a profit of approximately RMB4,777,000 which is attributable to
            Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery.

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2017, total group revenue for 2017 would have been
            RMB1,477,208,000, and profit for 2017 would have been RMB550,173,000. The pro forma information
            is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of
            the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1,
            2017, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery been
            acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated
            depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising
            in the initial accounting for the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the
            pre-acquisition financial statements.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018       151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (e)   Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd (“Temshine”)

                  In March 2017, Shanghai FSY entered into an agreement with an independent third party not connected
                  to the Group to acquire 51% equity interest in Temshine, for a cash consideration of RMB18,445,000.
                  This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The amount of goodwill arising
                  as a result of the acquisition was RMB23,433,000. Temshine is engaged in provision of designing
                  services for cemeteries and was acquired as part of the Group’s expansion. The acquisition was
                  completed in July 2017.

                  The fair value of net liabilities and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                               RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                           145
                  Other receivables                                                                                263
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                         3,724
                  Trade and other payables                                                                      (13,913)


                  Net liabilities acquired                                                                       (9,781)
                  Non-controlling interests                                                                      4,793
                  Goodwill                                                                                      23,433


                  Consideration transferred                                                                     18,445



                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash paid in 2017                                                                              8,132
                  Consideration payable                                                                         10,313


                  Cash consideration                                                                            18,445



                  Cash paid in 2017                                                                              8,132
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                          (3,724)


                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition in 2017                                                4,408




152   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (e)   Acquisition of 51% equity interest in Temshine — continued

            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Temshine because the consideration for the combination effectively
            included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Temshine. These benefits are not
            recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
            intangible assets. It will not only bring synergy with the Group’s current business, but also bring more
            merger and acquisition opportunities. None of the goodwill arising on the acquisition above is expected
            to be deductible for the tax purposes.

            Included in the profit for 2017 is a profit of approximately RMB4,718,000 which is attributable to
            Temshine.

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2017, total group revenue for 2017 would have been
            RMB1,479,776,000, and profit for 2017 would have been RMB549,153,000. The pro forma information
            is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of
            the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1,
            2017, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Temshine been acquired at the
            beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated depreciation of property
            and equipment acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business
            combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the pre-acquisition financial statements.

      (f)   Acquisition of 60% equity interest in Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd. (“Guangxi
            Huazuyuan Cemetery”)

            In June 2017, Shanghai FSY entered into an agreement with an independent third party not connected
            to the Group to acquire 60% equity interest in Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, for a cash consideration
            of RMB45,600,000 through capital injection to Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery, of which RMB10,000,000
            is not paid up at December 31, 2017. This acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition
            method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the acquisition was RMB22,756,000. Guangxi
            Huazuyuan Cemetery is engaged in sale of burial plots and was acquired as part of the Group’s
            expansion. The acquisition was completed in November 2017.




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018       153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (f)   Acquisition of 60% equity interest in Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the transaction are as follows:

                                                                                                              RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                          3,715
                  Intangible assets                                                                                 122
                  Cemetery assets                                                                                29,856
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                             5,629
                  Inventories                                                                                     7,936
                  Other receivables                                                                                 654
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                         10,365
                  Trade and other payables                                                                      (16,521)
                  Other long-term liabilities                                                                    (3,683)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                            38,073
                  Non-controlling interests                                                                     (15,229)
                  Goodwill                                                                                       22,756


                  Consideration transferred                                                                      45,600



                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash paid in 2017                                                                              35,600
                  Consideration payable                                                                          10,000


                  Cash consideration                                                                             45,600



                  Capital injection                                                                              45,600
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                         (10,365)


                  Net cash outflow arising on acquisition in 2017                                                35,235


                  Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery because the consideration for the
                  combination effectively included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Guangxi
                  Huazuyuan Cemetery. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill because they do not
                  meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets. None of the goodwill arising on the
                  acquisition above is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.

                  Included in the profit for 2017 is a profit of approximately RMB795,000 which is attributable to Guangxi
                  Huazuyuan Cemetery.




154   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      (f)   Acquisition of 60% equity interest in Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery — continued

            Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2017, total group revenue for 2017 would have been
            RMB1,489,169,000, and profit for 2017 would have been RMB553,540,000. The pro forma information
            is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of
            the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on January 1,
            2017, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery been
            acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of the Company have calculated
            depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising
            in the initial accounting for the business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognised in the
            pre-acquisition financial statements.

      (g)   Deemed acquisition of 51% equity interest in Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd
            (“Fangshan Cemetery”)

            In 2015, the Group has entered into a joint venture arrangement with an independent third party not
            connected to the Group under which a joint venture project named Fangshan Cemetery for the
            development and sales of burial plots in Anhui Province, the PRC. Under the terms of the joint venture
            agreement, the Group and the joint venture partner shall respectively contribute cash of
            RMB30,000,000 and a right to use of a piece of land that is suitable for cemetery development to
            Fangshan Cemetery. In return, the Group and the joint venture partner shall respectively entitle 51%
            and 49% of the net profit to be generated from Fangshan Cemetery. In addition, as part of the joint
            venture agreement, effectively all the activities that can affect the variable return of Fangshan Cemetery
            require unanimous approval by both parties.

            In July 2017, a supplementary agreement has been entered into between the joint venture parties under
            which the joint venture partner has agreed to surrender its joint control power in Fangshan Cemetery to
            the Group at nil consideration for the advancement and development of Fangshan Cemetery.
            Accordingly, the Group has accounted for Fangshan Cemetery as a consolidated business of the Group
            from July 2017.




                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018       155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      35.   ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

            (g)   Deemed acquisition of 51% equity interest in Fangshan Cemetery — continued

                  The fair value of net assets and goodwill acquired in the deemed acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                  Property and equipment                                                                            9,276
                  Cemetery assets                                                                                 35,984
                  Inventories                                                                                       1,482
                  Other receivables                                                                                   235
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                          14,014
                  Trade and other payables                                                                         (1,387)


                  Net assets acquired                                                                              59,604
                  Non-controlling interests                                                                       (29,206)


                  Consideration transferred                                                                       30,398


                  Satisfied by:
                  Investment in a joint venture                                                                   30,398


                  Net cash inflow arising on the deemed acquisition
                  Bank balances and cash assumed                                                                  14,014


                  Included in the profit for 2017 is a profit of approximately RMB774,000 which is attributable to
                  Fangshan Cemetery.

                  Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2017, total group revenue for 2017 would have been
                  RMB1,479,897,000, and profit for 2017 would have been RMB550,552,000.

                  The pro forma information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue
                  and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                  completed on January 1, 2017, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

      36.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged since the prior year and during the year ended December 31,
            2018.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which mainly includes borrowings and loans from non-
            controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, net of restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and cash,
            and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on an on-going basis. As part of this review, the
            directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The
            Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share
            buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.




156   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.   Categories of financial instruments

           The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

           Financial assets
           At FVTPL                                                                     607,181                  —
           At amortised cost                                                          1,631,238                  —
           Loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents)                       —            2,008,693



           Financial liabilities
           At amortized cost                                                            417,360            387,462


      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies

           The Group’s major financial instruments include restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and
           cash, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, loans from non-controlling shareholders of
           subsidiaries and borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes.
           The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and interest rate
           risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
           management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented
           on a timely and effective manner.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2018   157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

            b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                 Market risk

                 Currency risk

                 The primary economic environment in which the Group and its principal subsidiaries operate is the PRC
                 and their functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances, other receivables and other
                 payables are denominated in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The
                 management monitors foreign currency exposure by closely monitoring the movement of foreign
                 currency rates and control currency exposure position.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s major foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                 monetary liabilities as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Assets
                 US$                                                                        33,360              31,315
                 HK$                                                                        74,702              97,549



                 Liabilities
                 HK$                                                                         2,725                 436


                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the
                 relevant foreign currencies. A sensitivity rate of 5% represents management’s assessment of the
                 reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
                 foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
                 period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.




158   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Currency risk — continued

           Sensitivity analysis — continued

           A negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against
           the relevant foreign currencies, whereas a positive number indicates an increase in post-tax profit. For a
           5% weakening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite
           impact on the post-tax profit.

                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

           If RMB strengthens against US$                                               (1,251)               (1,174)



           If RMB strengthens against HK$                                               (2,699)               (3,642)


           Interest rate risk

           The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank balances, time
           deposits, financial assets at FVTPL, and loan from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries.

           The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances,
           restricted deposits, financial assets at FVTPL, and borrowings.

           The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any
           interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the
           proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

           Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
           Financial assets at amortised cost                                          31,083                     —
           Loans and receivables (including bank balances and cash)                        —                45,101


           Interest expense on financial liabilities not measured at at FVTPL:

                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                       8,293              15,585




                                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018    159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

            b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                 Market risk — continued

                 Interest rate risk — continued

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for interest-
                 bearing financial instruments. The analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate financial instruments
                 outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 10-basis point
                 increase or decrease in deposit interest rates and a 50-basis point increase or decrease in lending
                 interest rates represent management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                 If the deposit interest rate had been 10 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
                 constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2018 would have been
                 increased/decreased by approximately RMB1,625,000 (2017: RMB1,489,000).

                 If the lending interest rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
                 constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2018 would have been
                 decreased/increased by approximately RMB389,000 (2017: RMB424,000).

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment

                 The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their
                 obligations is arising from the carrying amounts of the respective recognized financial assets as stated
                 in the consolidated statement of financial position at the end of each reporting period.

                 The Group’s credit risk primarily relates to the Group’s trade and other receivables, bank balances, time
                 deposits, financial assets at FVTPL and restricted deposits.

                 The credit risk in relation to the Group’s bank balances, time deposits, restricted deposits and unlisted
                 financial products and structured deposits of financial assets at FVTPL is limited because the
                 counterparties are either state-owned banks in the PRC or banks with good credit ratings and quality.

                 The Group has concentration of credit risk on trade receivable. At December 31, 2018, the Group’s two
                 largest customers accounted for approximately 51.4% (2017: 93.3%) of the total trade receivable.

                 The management reviews the recoverable amount of each individual balance at the end of each
                 reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts, if any.
                 In this regard, the management considers that credit risk in trade receivable is manageable.




160   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises th e following categories:

           Internal                                                                            Other financial
           credit rating     Description                                   Trade receivables   assets

           Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of            Lifetime ECL        12m ECL
                               default and does not have any past-            — not credit-
                               due amounts                                   impaired
           Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due            Lifetime ECL        12m ECL
                               dates but usually settle after due             — not credit-
                               date                                          impaired
           Doubtful          There have been significant increases         Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                               in credit risk since initial recognition       — not credit-       — not credit-
                               through information developed                 impaired            impaired
                               internally or external resources
           Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset        Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                               is credit-impaired                             — credit-           — credit-
                                                                             impaired            impaired
           Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the         Amount is written   Amount is written
                               debtor is in severe financial difficulty      off                 off
                               and the Group has no realistic
                               prospect of recovery




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018   161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

            b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

                 Market risk — continued

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

                 The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                 ECL assessment:

                                                                     Internal           12-month             Gross carrying
                 2018                                     Notes      credit rating      or lifetime ECL               amount
                                                                                                                    RMB’000

                 Financial assets at amortised cost
                 Bank balances                              27       Low risk           12m ECL                     1,493,651
                 Time deposits                              26       Low risk           12m ECL                        48,298
                 Restricted deposits                        20       Low risk           12m ECL                        46,852
                 Other receivables                          24       (Note)             12m ECL                        27,659
                 Trade receivables                          24       Low risk           Lifetime ECL                   14,778

                 Note: For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether
                       credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.

                                                                                         Not past due/
                                                                                               No fixed
                                                                                             repayment
                                                                         Past due                 terms                  Total
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Other receivables                                               —               27,659                27,659


                 Liquidity risk

                 In the management of liquidity risk, the management monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
                 equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
                 effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and
                 ensures compliance with loan covenants, if any.




162   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Liquidity risk — continued

           Liquidity and interest risk tables

           The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for their non-derivative financial
           liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
           based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other non-
           derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

           The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest rates are floating
           rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the applicable interest rates as at December 31, 2018
           and 2017.

                                                                   Repayable
                                                                on demand or                      Total       Total
                                                      Weighted      less than   1 year to undiscounted     carrying
                                                   average rate        1 year     5 years   cash flows      amount
                                                             %       RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

           At December 31, 2018
           Trade and other payables                         —         254,581          —       254,581      254,581
           Non-current loan from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
           — fixed rate                                   5.66             —      33,916         33,916      31,969
           Current loan from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
           — fixed rate                                   4.35         27,048          —         27,048      26,950
           Borrowings
           — variable rate                                4.77         79,523     35,254       114,777      103,860


                                                                      361,152     69,170       430,322      417,360


           At December 31, 2017
           Trade and other payables                         —         222,878          —       222,878      222,878
           Non-current loan from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
           — fixed rate                                   4.79             —      43,512         43,512      41,525
           Current loan from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
           — fixed rate                                   4.35         10,076          —         10,076      10,039
           Borrowings
           — variable rate                                4.84         65,615     66,288       131,903      113,020


                                                                      298,569    109,800       408,369      387,462



                                                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018   163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      37.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

            c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

                 Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                 Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
                 following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
                 particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
                 which the fair value measurements are categorized (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
                 inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                                                   Valuation
                                                                                      Fair value   techniques and
                 Financial assets                     Fair value as at                hierarchy    key inputs
                                       31/12/2018                        31/12/2017
                 Financial assets at   Bank cash management              Nil          Level 3      Discounted cash flows
                    FVTPL                products in PRC with
                                         principal of                                              Key unobservable input is:
                                         RMB577,420,000                                              (1) discount rate that reflects the credit
                                                                                                     risk of the bank (Note)

                 Unquoted equity       10% equity investment in          Nil          Level 3      Income approach
                   investments           Changchun Huaxia Cemetery
                                         Co., Ltd. of                                              Key unobservable input is:
                                         RMB29,761,000                                               (1) Long term revenue growth rates,
                                                                                                     taking into management’s experience
                                                                                                     and knowledge of market conditions of
                                                                                                     the specific industry;
                                                                                                     (2) Weighted average cost of capital


                 Note: The directors of the Company consider that the impact of the fluctuation in expected discount rate of the cash
                       management products was insignificant as the cash management products have short maturities, and
                       therefore no sensitivity analysis is presented.

                 There is no transfer among level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                 December 31, 2018

                                                                                                                        Financial assets
                                                                                                                                  at FVTPL
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                 At January 1, 2018                                                                                                          —
                 Purchase                                                                                                           607,181


                 At December 31, 2018                                                                                               607,181


                 The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets recognized in the
                 consolidated financial statements approximate their fair value.




164   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


38.   OPERATING LEASES

      The Group as lessee

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under
      non-cancellable operating leases which fall due as follows:

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                 23,455               8,402
      In the second to fifth year inclusive                                           56,206              14,669
      After five years                                                                25,670               7,074


                                                                                     105,331              30,145


      The lease payments represent rentals payable by the Group for certain properties and land. The lease terms
      ranged from 1 year to 25 years.

39.   CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property &
        equipment and cemetery assets contracted for but not provided
        in the consolidated financial statements                                     104,228              57,072



      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries
        contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
        statements                                                                    40,000                  —


40.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

      The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in Hong Kong which was established under
      the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in December 2000 (the “MPF Scheme”). The assets of the
      schemes are held separately from those of the Group and are invested in funds under the control of
      independent trustees. For members of the MPF Scheme, the Group contributes 5%, with maximum of
      HK$3,000 per person of relevant monthly payroll costs to the MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by
      employees.

      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
      operated by the PRC Government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute 12% to 20% of the total
      monthly basic salaries of their current employees to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The
      only obligation of the PRC subsidiaries with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the
      specified contributions.




                                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2018     165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      40.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES — continued

            The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
            approximately RMB22,667,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: RMB19,578,000), representing
            contributions paid and/or payable to the scheme by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018. As at
            December 31, 2018, contributions of RMB1,338,000 due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2018 had
            not been paid over to the plans (December 31, 2017: RMB897,000). The amounts were paid subsequent to
            the end of the reporting period.

      41.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were of
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
            financing activities.

                                                                                      Loans from
                                                                                  non-controlling
                                                       Dividend                   shareholders of
                                                        payable        Borrowings    subsidiaries                  Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000                  RMB’000

            At January 1, 2018                                —             113,020             51,564            164,584
            Financing cash flows                        (244,145)           (14,152)             4,234           (254,063)
            Interest expense                                  —               4,992              3,121              8,113
            Dividends paid to non-controlling
               interests                                114,479                   —                  —            114,479
            Dividends recognized as
               distributions                            129,666                   —                  —            129,666


            At December 31, 2018                              —             103,860             58,919            162,779



            At January 1, 2017                                —             133,970             34,360            168,330
            Financing cash flows                        (203,732)            (26,946)            7,615           (223,063)
            Interest expense                                  —                5,996             9,589             15,585
            Dividends paid to non-controlling
               interests                                  97,197                  —                  —             97,197
            Dividends recognized as
               distributions                            106,535                   —                  —            106,535


            At December 31, 2017                              —             113,020             51,564            164,584


      42.   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

            Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors of the Company, who are also key management, is disclosed in Note 10.




166   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:

                                                                                                         Proportion of nominal
                                              Place of                                                   value of issued share
                                              incorporation/   Date of                     Issued and      capital/registered
                                              registration     incorporation/        fully paid share/        capital held
      Name of subsidiary#                     and operations   establishment       registered capital       by the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                             At December 31,
                                                                                                            2018       2017
                                                                                                              %          %
      Directly held:
      FSY Hong Kong+                          Hong Kong        October 10, 2011           2 shares of        100         100     Investment holding
         福壽園集團（香港）有限公司                                                                      HK$2.00

      Indirectly held:
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group^           PRC              January 18, 2011      RMB89,940,896           100         100     Investment holding
         重慶福壽園集團有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan^                  PRC              February 21, 1994     RMB30,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         上海福壽園實業發展有限公司                                                                                                              services
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Corporate         PRC              September 9,           RMB5,000,000           100         100     Provision of
         Management Consultancy                                  2002                                                               consulting
         Company Limited^                                                                                                           services relating
         上海福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司                                                                                                            to burial and
                                                                                                                                    cemetery
                                                                                                                                    maintainers
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan^                     PRC              July 7, 2003          RMB30,120,000           100         100     Provision of burial
        河南福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                 services
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan                  PRC              August 9, 2010        RMB10,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
        Consultancy Company Limited^
        重慶福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan         PRC              February 22, 2002     RMB10,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
        Company Limited^ (“Hefei                                                                                                    services
        Dashushan Co”)
        合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Service            PRC              September 27,          RMB1,200,000            60          60     Provision of funeral
        Company Limited^ (“Hefei                                 2008                                                               services
        Renben”)
        合肥人本禮儀服務有限公司
      Hefei Huazhijian Flowers Company        PRC              May 13, 2010             RMB500,000            60          60     Provision of
        Limited^ (“Hefei Huazhijian”)                                                                                               flowers and
        合肥花之間花卉有限公司                                                                                                                 related
                                                                                                                                    designing
                                                                                                                                    services
      Chongqing Anle Services^                PRC              September 11,          RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         重慶安樂服務有限公司                                              1997                                                               services
      Chongqing Anle Funeral Services^        PRC              January 23, 2003       RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司                                                                                                               services
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Funeral           PRC              May 17, 2011             RMB500,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Arrangement Services Co., Ltd^                                                                                             services
         上海福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling^                 PRC              January 7, 2004        RMB8,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
         錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司                                                                                                              services
      Fumao Corporate Management              PRC              January 27, 2011       RMB5,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Consultancy (Shanghai) Company
         Limited^
         福泖企業管理諮詢（上海）有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan                  PRC              November 10,          RMB52,138,207           100         100     Investment holding
         Shareholding Investment                                 2010
         Corporation (Limited Partnership)—
         重慶福壽園股權投資企業
        （有限合夥）




                                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                  Annual Report 2018            167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                            Proportion of nominal
                                                  Place of                                                  value of issued share
                                                  incorporation/   Date of                    Issued and      capital/registered
                                                  registration     incorporation/       fully paid share/        capital held
            Name of subsidiary#                   and operations   establishment      registered capital       by the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                                At December 31,
                                                                                                               2018       2017
                                                                                                                 %          %
            Indirectly held: — continued
            Nanchang Hongfu Humanities            PRC              November 17,        RMB140,000,000         50.89       50.89     Provision of burial
               Memorial Co., Ltd^                                    2009                                                              services
               (Nanchang Hongfu)
               南昌洪福人文紀念有限責任公司
            Chongqing Fuyuan Corporate            PRC              January 20, 2012       USD1,000,000          100         100     Investment holding
               Management Consultancy
               Company Limited+
               重慶福元企業管理諮詢有限公司
            Xiamen Huaixiang Condolence           PRC              December 31,          RMB1,500,000            90          90     Provision of funeral
               Services Company Limited^                             2012                                                              services
               廈門市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
            Fu Shou Yuan Environmental            PRC              November 20,         RMB10,000,000           100         100     Manufacturing and
               Equipment Company Limited^                            2012                                                              sales of
               福壽園環保機械製造有限公司                                                                                                           cremation
                                                                                                                                       devices
            Shandong Fu Shou Yuan                 PRC              December 29,         RMB10,000,000            50          50     Provision of burial
               Development Company Limited^                          2001                                                              services
               (“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”)
               山東福壽園發展有限公司
            Ningbo Yongyi Funeral Services        PRC              January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000            60          70     Provision of funeral
               Company Limited^                                                                                                        services
               寧波永逸殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
            Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial           PRC              January 25, 2007     RMB50,000,000            40          40     Provision of burial
               Development Co., Ltd.^ (“Haigang                                                                                        services
               Fu Shou Yuan”) (Note (a))
               上海南院實業發展有限公司
            Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan                 PRC              March 21, 2013       RMB10,000,000           100         100     Sales and
               Environmental Protection                                                                                               after-sales
               Equipment Company Limited^                                                                                             service of
               上海福壽園環保設備有限公司                                                                                                          cremation
                                                                                                                                      devices
            Shanghai Senfu Fruits and             PRC              July 2, 2013          RMB1,600,000           100         100     Sales of
              Vegetables Technological                                                                                                agricultural
              Development Company Limited^                                                                                            products
              上海森福蔬果科技發展有限公司
            Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Jingguan        PRC              January 9, 2013       RMB1,000,000            95          95     Provision of
              Design Company Limited^                                                                                                  designing
              上海福壽園景觀規劃設計有限公司                                                                                                          service




168   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                     Proportion of nominal
                                           Place of                                                  value of issued share
                                           incorporation/   Date of                    Issued and      capital/registered
                                           registration     incorporation/       fully paid share/        capital held
      Name of subsidiary#                  and operations   establishment      registered capital       by the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                         At December 31,
                                                                                                        2018       2017
                                                                                                          %          %
      Indirectly held: — continued
      Wuhan Changle Fu Shou Yuan           PRC              October 30, 2013      RMB1,000,000            51          51     Inactive
         Funeral Services Company
         Limited^
         武漢長樂福壽殯儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and      PRC              September 8,         RMB13,405,700            60          60     Provision of burial
         Burial Development Co., Ltd^                         1997                                                              service and
         重慶白塔園殯葬開發有限公司                                                                                                          funeral service
      Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment   PRC              March 13, 2014      RMB390,840,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Fund Partnership (Limited
         Partnership)—
         重慶福鼎股權投資基金合夥企業
        （有限合夥）
      Nanchang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral        PRC              June 8, 1999         RMB32,730,000         50.89       50.89     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd^ (“Meilin Century                                                                                             service and
         Cemetery”)                                                                                                             funeral service
         南昌福壽園殯儀有限責任公司
      Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural       PRC              December 11,        RMB118,600,000            90          70     Provision of burial
         Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd^                         2012                                                              service
         (“Guanlingshan Cultural
         Cemetery”)
         遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co.,     PRC              May 7, 2013           RMB3,500,000           100          75     Provision of burial
         Ltd.^ (“Wuyuan Wanshoushan                                                                                             service
         Cemetery”)
         婺源萬壽山陵園有限公司
      Anyang Wulong Civil Service Co.,     PRC              October 25, 2010     RMB54,500,000            80          80     Provision of burial
         Ltd.^ (“Anyang Tianshouyuan                                                                                            service
         Cemetery”)
         安陽縣五龍民生服務有限公司
      Changzhou Qifengshan International   PRC              March 22, 2007       RMB55,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
         Cemetery Co., Ltd.^ (“Changzhou                                                                                        service
         Qifengshan Cemetery”)
         常州棲鳳山國際人文陵園有限公司
      Fushouyuan (Shanghai) Investment     PRC              July 14, 2015       RMB200,000,000           100         100     Investment holding
         Co., Ltd+
         福壽園（上海）投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Funeral           PRC              March 9, 2016         RMB5,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Arrangement Services Co., Ltd ^                                                                                        service
         泰安福壽園禮儀服務有限公司




                                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                 Annual Report 2018            169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                 Place of                                                  value of issued share
                                                 incorporation/   Date of                    Issued and      capital/registered
                                                 registration     incorporation/       fully paid share/        capital held
            Name of subsidiary#                  and operations   establishment      registered capital       by the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                               At December 31,
                                                                                                              2018       2017
                                                                                                                %          %
            Indirectly held: — continued
            Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan        PRC              March 8, 2016        RMB80,000,000            51          51     Provision of burial
               Industrial Co., Ltd^ (Chongqing                                                                                        service and
               Xiyuan)                                                                                                                funeral service
               重慶福壽園西苑實業有限公司
            Wuyuan County Fu Shou Funeral Co.,   PRC              December 17,            RMB100,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
               Ltd^                                                 2015                                                              service
               婺源縣福壽園殯儀有限責任公司
            Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai Funeral   PRC              October 25, 2004      RMB1,500,000           100         100     Provision of burial
               Service Co., Ltd^ (“Zaozhuang                                                                                          service
               Shanting Xingtai”)
               棗莊市山亭興泰殯儀服務有限公司
            Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour     PRC              October 20, 2016     RMB70,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
               Co., Ltd^                                                                                                              service
               宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司
            Hefei Renben Funeral Company         PRC              December 5, 2016      RMB1,200,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
               Limited^                                                                                                               services
               合肥人本殯葬服務有限公司
            Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery^             PRC              August 31, 2015      RMB48,000,000            80          80     Provision of burial
               洛陽仙鶴紀念陵園有限公司                                                                                                           service
            Yancheng Dafeng Fushouyuan           PRC              January 17, 2017     RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
               Funeral and Burial Service Co.,                                                                                        service
               Ltd^
               鹽城大豐福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
            Gaoyou Fushouyuan Funeral            PRC              May 12, 2017         RMB10,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
               Services Co., Ltd^                                                                                                     service
               高郵福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
            Huaibei Fushouyuan Memorial          PRC              September 25,        RMB30,000,000           100         100     Provision of burial
               Mausoleum Co. Ltd.^                                  2014                                                              service
               淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司
            Temshine^                            PRC              June 23, 2005         RMB6,150,000            51          51     Provision of
               北京天泉佳境陵園建築設計                                                                                                           designing
               有限公司                                                                                                                   service
            Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment         PRC              May 8, 2013          RMB25,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
               Co., Ltd^                                                                                                              service
               廣西華祖園投資有限公司
            Qinzhou Huazuyuan Investment         PRC              July 31, 2017        RMB30,000,000            60          60     Provision of burial
               Co., Ltd^                                                                                                              service
               欽州華祖園投資有限公司
            Taian Fu Shou Yuan Development       PRC              April 29, 2016       RMB40,000,000            65          65     Provision of burial
               Co., Ltd^                                                                                                              service
               泰安福壽園實業發展有限公司




170   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2018
             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                                                     Proportion of nominal
                                           Place of                                                  value of issued share
                                           incorporation/   Date of                    Issued and      capital/registered
                                           registration     incorporation/       fully paid share/        capital held
      Name of subsidiary#                  and operations   establishment      registered capital       by the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                         At December 31,
                                                                                                        2018       2017
                                                                                                          %          %
      Indirectly held: — continued
      Ningde Huaixiang Funeral Services    PRC              July 17, 2017         RMB3,000,000            77          77     Provision of funeral
         Co., Ltd^                                                                                                              service
         寧德市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral         PRC              October 25, 2017      RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Services Co., Ltd^                                                                                                     service
         淮北福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Lujiang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral         PRC              October 31, 2017      RMB1,000,000           100         100     Provision of funeral
         Services Co., Ltd^                                                                                                     service
         廬江福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan             PRC              January 2, 2018       RMB2,000,000           100         N/A     Provision of burial
         Cemetery Co., Ltd°^                                                                                                    service
         朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有限公司
      Helinge’er County Anyou Ecological   PRC              November 13,         RMB10,000,000           100         N/A     Provision of burial
         Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd°^                         2007                                                              service
         和林格爾縣安佑生態紀念陵園有限
         責任公司
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral         PRC              March 27, 2017       RMB40,000,000            80         N/A     Provision of burial
         Service Co., Ltd°^                                                                                                     and funeral
         貴州天圓山殯儀服務有限公司                                                                                                          service
      Xuancheng Mashan Scenic Service      PRC              January 5, 2018      RMB40,000,000           100         N/A     Provision of burial
         Co., Ltd*^                                                                                                             service
         宣城馬山風景陵園有限公司
      Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service    PRC              April 3, 2018         RMB8,000,000            55         N/A     Provision of funeral
         Center Co., Ltd*^                                                                                                      service
         杭州蕭山殯儀服務中心有限公司
      Fushoujia (Shanghai) Industrial      PRC              August 7, 2017       RMB30,000,000           100         N/A     Provision of funeral
         Development Co., Ltd*^                                                                                                 service
         福壽家（上海）實業發展有限公司
      Ningbo Fenghua Fushouyuan Funeral    PRC              June 11, 2018         RMB1,000,000            60         N/A     Provision of funeral
         Service Co., Ltd*^                                                                                                     service
         寧波奉化福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限
         公司
      Changzhou Jintan Fushouyuan          PRC              October 25, 2018      RMB1,000,000            80         N/A     Provision of funeral
         Funeral Service Co., Ltd*^                                                                                             service
         常州金壇福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Yanshan County Fushouyuan Funeral    PRC              August 23, 2018      RMB25,000,000           100         N/A     Provision of funeral
         Service Co., Ltd*^                                                                                                     service
         鉛山縣福壽園禮儀服務有限公司




                                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                 Annual Report 2018            171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued
            #
                    The English names of all subsidiaries established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

            *       The entity was set up during the year ended December 31, 2018.

            ^
                    These entities are established in the PRC in the form of domestic limited liability company.

            +       These entities are established in the PRC in the form of wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

            —
                    The entity is established in the PRC in the form of limited liability partnership.

            °       The entity was acquired during the year ended December 31, 2018.

            Note:

            (a)     Haigang Fu Shou Yuan was an associate of the Group prior to January 4, 2013. On January 4, 2013, the Group has
                    been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of Haigang Fu
                    Shou Yuan unilaterally. As such, Haigang Fu Shou Yuan is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group from January
                    4, 2013.


            None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.

      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

            The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
            controlling interests:

                                           Place of
                                           incorporation         Proportion of
                                           and principal   ownership interests and
                                           place of          voting rights held by         Profit allocated to            Accumulated
                                           business        non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests
                                                                2018            2017        2018            2017        2018             2017
                                                                  %               %      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000
            Hefei Dashushan Co             PRC                    40               40      27,486          25,285       34,738          34,452
            Nanchang Hongfu                PRC                 49.11            49.11         882           4,141       76,087          75,205
            Haigang Fu Shou Yuan           PRC                    60               60      74,836          75,590      130,446         125,810
            Chongqing Baitayuan            PRC                    40               40         915           3,514       61,623          60,708
            Guanlingshan Cultural
               Cemetery                    PRC                    10               30       2,991            9,768      36,712         111,414
            Chongqing Xiyuan               PRC                    49               49         311              154      39,437          39,126
            Individually immaterial
               subsidiaries with
               non-controlling interests                                                   19,848          14,371      159,409         139,626


            Total                                                                         127,269         132,823      538,452         586,341


            Summarized financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-
            controlling interests is set out below. The summarized financial information below represents amounts before
            intragroup eliminations.




172   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Hefei Dashushan Co

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                             159,608           152,427



      Non-current assets                                                          10,568              9,758



      Current liabilities                                                         55,202             51,423



      Non-current liabilities                                                     28,129             24,632



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                52,107             51,678



      Non-controlling interests                                                   34,738             34,452




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Hefei Dashushan Co — continued

                                                                             2018        2017
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                        119,421    116,317



            Expenses                                                       (50,706)    (53,104)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                     41,229     37,928
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                     27,486     25,285


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year              68,715     63,213



            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     27,200     22,000



            Net cash inflow from operating activities                       72,712     62,959



            Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities             (1,825)     1,195



            Net cash outflow from financing activities                     (68,000)    (55,000)



            Net cash inflow                                                  2,887      9,154




174   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Nanchang Hongfu

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                              87,251           132,777



      Non-current assets                                                         179,127           112,088



      Current liabilities                                                         97,145             78,848



      Non-current liabilities                                                     14,301             12,881



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                78,845             77,931



      Non-controlling interests                                                   76,087             75,205




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Nanchang Hongfu — continued

                                                                                2018        2017
                                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                           36,169      30,042



            Expenses                                                          (34,373)    (21,609)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                          914       4,292
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                          882       4,141


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                 1,796       8,433



            Net cash (outflow) inflow from operating activities               (60,882)    11,498



            Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                   52       (1,561)



            Net cash inflow from financing activities                         43,646           —



            Net cash (outflow) inflow                                         (17,184)     9,937




176   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                             217,556           195,318



      Non-current assets                                                          65,039             76,408



      Current liabilities                                                         47,962             45,589



      Non-current liabilities                                                     17,224             16,454



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                86,963             83,873



      Non-controlling interests                                                  130,446           125,810




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Haigang Fu Shou Yuan — continued

                                                                            2018        2017
                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                       233,739    215,394



            Expenses                                                     (109,013)    (89,411)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                    49,890     50,393
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                    74,836     75,590


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year            124,726    125,983



            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    70,200     57,600



            Net cash inflow from operating activities                     140,934    125,108



            Net cash outflow from investing activities                        (54)       (195)



            Net cash outflow from financing activities                   (117,000)    (96,000)



            Net cash inflow                                                23,880     28,913




178   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Chongqing Baitayuan

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                              29,963             22,885



      Non-current assets                                                         168,501           174,759



      Current liabilities                                                         10,522             12,102



      Non-current liabilities                                                     33,885             33,772



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                92,434             91,062



      Non-controlling interests                                                   61,623             60,708




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Chongqing Baitayuan — continued

                                                                            2018        2017
                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                       20,079      28,336



            Expenses                                                      (17,792)    (19,551)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                    1,372       5,271
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                      915       3,514


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year             2,287       8,785



            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                        —       3,456



            Net cash inflow from operating activities                      7,926      10,861



            Net cash outflow from investing activities                       (662)     (6,421)



            Net cash outflow from financing activities                         —       (8,639)



            Net cash inflow (outflow)                                      7,264       (4,199)




180   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                              74,773             85,490



      Non-current assets                                                         350,311           348,968



      Current liabilities                                                         40,224             46,272



      Non-current liabilities                                                     17,733             16,805



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               330,415           259,967



      Non-controlling interests                                                   36,712           111,414




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018   181
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery — continued

                                                                            2018        2017
                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                       120,439    128,978



            Expenses                                                      (94,273)    (96,418)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                    23,175     22,792
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                     2,991      9,768


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year             26,166     32,560



            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     9,126     10,405



            Net cash inflow from operating activities                      39,222     54,935



            Net cash outflow from investing activities                    (11,277)    (11,609)



            Net cash outflow from financing activities                    (30,420)    (34,682)



            Net cash (outflow) inflow                                      (2,475)     8,644




182   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Chongqing Xiyuan

                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

      Current assets                                                              25,306               4,974



      Non-current assets                                                         120,185            102,465



      Current liabilities                                                         63,701              27,590



      Non-current liabilities                                                       1,306                 —



      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                41,047              40,723



      Non-controlling interests                                                   39,437              39,126




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2018   183
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
            NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

            Chongqing Xiyuan — continued

                                                                                2018        2017
                                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000

            Revenue                                                           20,907       3,677



            Expenses                                                          (20,272)     (3,362)



            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the owners of the Company                                          324         161
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              non-controlling interests                                          311         154


            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                   635         315



            Net cash outflow from operating activities                         (7,106)    (17,988)



            Net cash outflow from investing activities                        (19,763)    (37,687)



            Net cash inflow from investing activities                         45,000      24,087



            Net cash inflow (outflow)                                         18,131      (31,588)




184   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

      The statement of financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                      2018                  2017
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

      Non-Current Assets
      Interest in subsidiaries                                                             1                  1


                                                                                           1                  1


      Current Assets
      Trade and other receivables                                                       51                   289
      Amount due from subsidiaries                                               1,654,838            1,553,908
      Bank balances and cash                                                        54,194               65,728


                                                                                 1,709,083            1,619,925


      Current Liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                       2,811                   452
      Amount due to subsidiaries                                                   398,259             336,052


                                                                                   401,070             336,504


      Net Current Assets                                                         1,308,013            1,283,421



      Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                      1,308,014            1,283,422



      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                134,920             131,666
      Reserves (Note)                                                            1,173,094            1,151,756


      Total Equity                                                               1,308,014            1,283,422




                                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2018   185
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


      45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY — continued

            Note:

                                                           Share          Special    Share option     Accumulated
                                                        premium*          reserve         reserve          losses           Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
            At January 1, 2017                          1,123,394          79,667           74,233        (133,914)       1,143,380


            Exercise of stock options                     162,483               —          (38,049)              —         124,434
            Share-based compensation                           —                —           42,538               —          42,538
            Loss and total comprehensive
              expense for the year                             —                —               —           (52,061)        (52,061)
            Dividends recognized as
              distributions                              (106,535)              —               —                —         (106,535)


            At December 31, 2017                        1,179,342          79,667           78,722        (185,975)       1,151,756


            Exercise of stock options                     183,026               —          (28,214)              —         154,812
            Share-based compensation                           —                —           30,548               —          30,548
            Loss and total comprehensive
              expense for the year                             —                —               —           (34,356)        (34,356)
            Dividends recognized as
              distributions                              (129,666)              —               —                —         (129,666)


            At December 31, 2018                        1,232,702          79,667           81,056        (220,331)       1,173,094


            *       Pursuant to section 34 of the Cayman Companies Law (2003 Revision) and the Articles of Association of the Company,
                    share premium of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders subject to a solvency on the Company
                    and the provision of the Articles of Association of the Company.


      46.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

            Before the completion of the acquisition of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery in 2015, Mr. Liang Lihua (梁利華)
            (“Mr. Liang”), the selling shareholder of the 100% equity interest, entered into unauthorized transactions on
            behalf of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery to guarantee some of his personal loans, thereby incurring
            potential guarantee liability for Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery. Mr. Liang had also allegedly transferred
            some of his other personal loans to Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery without any proper corporate
            authorizations. Mr. Liang had not disclosed any of the abovementioned loans and guarantees to the Group
            before the completion of the acquisition of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery.

            As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, the creditors of Mr. Liang and the purported
            creditors of Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery brought a total of 12 lawsuits against Mr. Liang and Wuyuan
            Wanshoushan Cemetery (the “Proceedings”) of which 8 were either settled, subsequently withdrawn or
            concluded by the Province People’s Courts resulting a RMB2.3 million net settlement paid by the Group.




186   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2018
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018


46.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES — continued

      The total claims on the remaining 4 Proceedings (the “Remaining Proceedings”), where appropriate, including
      the interest accrued up to the date of these consolidated financial statements, amounting to RMB54 million
      and the status of which are disclosed as follows:

      •     3 claims over RMB47 million awarded in favor of the plaintiffs in the second-instance of the Province
            People’s Courts;

      •     1 claim over RMB7 million involved in the legal proceeding and currently pending at the Province High
            People’s Court.

      Within these four lawsuits, the first three cases above where the judgement from the People’s court were
      awarded against Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery, while the last one case was awarded for Wuyuan
      Wanshoushan Cemetery in the second-instance of the People’s Court. However, the public security
      department had filed investigation for suspected crimes on the relevant personnel involved in the lawsuits.

      Based on the expert advices of the independent PRC legal counsel, the directors of the Company are of the
      view that it is probable that the suspected crime will be confirmed, and thus the judgements awarded against
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery will be overturned.

      As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, after taking into account of the legal opinions by
      independent PRC legal counsels and the current status of the Remaining Proceedings, the directors of the
      Company are of the view that the Remaining Proceedings will in the end resulting in a material adverse impact
      on the financial position and business operation of the Group is not probable and conclude that no provision
      shall necessarily be made. However, given the nature of the Remaining Proceedings, it would be impossible to
      predict the outcome of the appeal proceedings with a sufficient degree of certainty.

47.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      Subsequent to December 31, 2018, the Group, together with Yongyin Asset Management Co., Ltd.
      (“Yongyin”) and Shanghai Linxin Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“Linxin”) plan to set up a Limited partnership,
      and has subscribed for the relevant rights and interests to conclude a limited partnership agreement.
      According to the limited partnership agreement, the total capital commitment of the limited partnership is
      RMB800,200,000, and the Group, Yongyin and Linxin has committed to invest RMB399,200,000,
      RMB400,000,000 and RMB1,000,000 respectively. The main business of the limited partnership is to invest
      and acquire China’s high-quality cemetery assets and related service providers in the form of equity
      investment.

      On December 26, 2018, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire 80% equity interest in Hubei
      Tiansheng Cemetery Co., Ltd (湖 北 天 聖 公 墓 有 限 公 司, “Hubei Tiansheng”) by phases with a total
      consideration of RMB40 million. Hubei Tiansheng is mainly engaged in burial service. The acquisition has
      been completed in January 2019.




                                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2018    187
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                     2014          2015         2016         2017          2018
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

      Revenue                                      795,092    1,107,960     1,267,655    1,477,208     1,651,299


      Operating expenditures
        Staff costs                               (201,809)    (257,752)     (301,092)    (354,356)     (401,192)
        Construction costs                         (35,966)     (62,099)      (61,169)     (54,091)      (70,137)
        Consumed materials and goods               (74,382)    (109,411)     (107,603)    (109,148)     (117,113)
        Outsourced service costs                   (25,899)     (44,477)      (48,297)     (54,738)      (55,002)
        Marketing and sales channel costs          (54,794)     (59,873)      (62,754)     (61,758)      (43,876)
        Depreciation and amortization              (32,415)     (55,624)      (66,583)     (74,697)      (92,730)
        Other general operating
          expenditures                             (82,423)    (127,283)     (123,410)    (119,178)     (137,717)
        Inventory changes                             (645)      12,781         9,214       (8,076)      (10,638)


      Profit from operations                       286,759      404,222       505,961      641,166      722,894
      Other income, gains and losses                58,128       63,183        58,823       58,805       60,172
      Share of profit of a joint venture                —            —           485          398            —
      Finance costs                                 (3,679)       (7,799)      (8,256)     (15,585)       (8,293)


      Profit before taxation                       341,208      459,606       557,013      684,784      774,773
      Income tax expense                           (56,149)     (94,437)     (108,508)    (134,611)     (159,140)


      Profit and total comprehensive income
        for the year                               285,059      365,169       448,505      550,173      615,633



      Profit and total comprehensive
        income for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the company                      230,372      284,444       338,974      417,350      488,364
        Non-controlling interests                   54,687       80,725       109,531      132,823      127,269


                                                   285,059      365,169       448,505      550,173      615,633



                                                 RMB cents    RMB cents     RMB cents    RMB cents    RMB cents


      Earnings per share
      Basic                                           11.1         13.7          16.2         19.6          22.2
      Diluted                                         10.9         13.3          15.7         19.3          21.9




188   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018
                                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                      As at 31 December
                                    2014          2015          2016            2017        2018
                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

Assets and liabilities
Total Assets                    2,935,120    3,563,565     3,936,218      4,662,035     5,237,704
Total Liabilities                (722,808)    (913,796)     (907,178)    (1,057,531)   (1,186,821)


                                2,212,312    2,649,769     3,029,040      3,604,504     4,050,883



Equity attributable to owners
  of the company                1,983,273    2,235,929     2,536,180      3,018,163     3,512,431
Non-controlling interests        229,039       413,840       492,860       586,341       538,452


                                2,212,312    2,649,769     3,029,040      3,604,504     4,050,883




                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2018   189
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “AGM”                                 the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on May 20, 2019

      “Annual Report”                       this annual report dated March 15, 2019 of the Company

      “Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”        a cemetery in Anyang of Henan Province and operated by Anyang Wulong
                                            Civil Service Co., Ltd.* (安陽縣五龍民生服務有限公司), a limited company
                                            established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Articles of Association”             the amended and restated articles of association of the Company
                                            conditionally adopted on December 3, 2013 (as amended, supplemented
                                            or otherwise modified from time to time)

      “ASP”                                 Average unit selling price

      “Audit Committee”                     the audit committee of the Company

      “Auxiliary services”                  auxiliary services includes provision of landscape and garden design
                                            services and production and sales of cremation machine and the related
                                            maintenance service

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”       the board of Directors

      “CG Code”                             the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                            Rules

      “Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”       a cemetery in Changzhou City of Jiangsu Province and operated by
                                            Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (常州棲鳳山國際
                                            人文陵園有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”          a cemetery in Chaoyang County of Liaoning Province and operated by
                                            Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有
                                            限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “China” or “PRC”                      the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this Annual
                                            Report, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
                                            and Taiwan

      “Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”     Chongqing Anle Funeral Services Co., Ltd.* (重慶安樂殯儀服務有限公司),
                                            a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary
                                            of the Company

      “Chongqing Anle Services”             Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                            company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                            Company




190   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018
                                      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Chongqing Baitayuan”                 a cemetery in Yongchuan of Chongqing Municipality and operated by
                                      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶白塔
                                      園殯葬開發有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                      PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing FSY Group”                 Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 福 壽 園 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                      formerly known as Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福
                                      壽 園 實 業 有 限 公 司), a company established in the PRC on January 18,
                                      2011. It is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Companies Law”                       the Companies Law (as revised) of the Cayman Islands (as amended,
                                      supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Company”, “our Company”,             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (福壽園國際集團有限公司), a
  “Fu Shou Yuan”                      limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
                                      Islands on January 5, 2012

“Compliance Committee”                the compliance committee of the Company

“connected person(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                         the director(s) of the Company

“Double Riches”                       Double Riches Investments Limited, a limited liability company
                                      incorporated in the BVI on October 28, 2011, and one of our Shareholders

“EIT Law”                             the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax

“FSG Holding”                         FSG Holding Corporation, a company incorporated in BVI on December 6,
                                      2011 and one of the Company’s Shareholders

“FSY Hong Kong”                       Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company
                                      incorporated in HK on October 10, 2011. It is a direct held subsidiary of
                                      the Company

“Global Offering” or “IPO”            the offering by the Company of its Shares for subscription by the public in
                                      Hong Kong and placing with professional and institutional investors
                                      outside the United States in December 2013

“Grand Fire”                          Grand Fire Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on July
                                      2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), the non-executive
                                      Director

“Group”, “our Group”, “us”, “we” or   the Company and its subsidiaries
  “Fu Shou Yuan Group”




                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018      191
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”          a cemetery in Fangchenggang City of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
                                            Region and operated by Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.* (廣西
                                            華祖園投資有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2017

      “Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”      a cemetery in Tieling City of Liaoning Province and operated by Liaoning
                                            Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園
                                            林 公 墓 有 限 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Guizhou Tianyuanshan”                Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (貴州天圓山殯儀服務有
                                            限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”                a cemetery in Pudong New District of Shanghai (上 海 浦 東 新 區) and
                                            operated by Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co. Ltd.* (上海南
                                            院實業發展有限公司), a company established in the PRC and a subsidiary
                                            of the Company

      “Hefei Dashushan Co”                  Hefei Dashushan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公
                                            司), a company established in the PRC on February 22, 2002, owned as to
                                            40% by Chongqing FSY Group, 40% by Hefei Shushan Martyr Cemetery
                                            Management Department* (合 肥 蜀 山 烈 士 陵 園 管 理 處), and 20% by
                                            Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. It is an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                            the Company

      “Hefei Dashushan Cultural Cemetery”   Hefei Dashushan Cultural Cemetery is operated by Hefei Dashushan Co

      “Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”           a cemetery in Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and
                                            operated by Helingeer County Anyou Ecological Memorial Cemetery Co.,
                                            Ltd.* (和 林 格 爾 縣 安 佑 生 態 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 責 任 公 司), a limited company
                                            established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Henan Fu Shou Yuan”                  a cemetery in Longhu Town, Zhengzhou of Henan Province (河南省新鄭市
                                            龍湖鎮) and operated by Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (河南福
                                            壽園實業有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                            PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

      “Hongfu”                              Shanghai Hongfu Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (上海鴻福投資發展有
                                            限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on November
                                            28, 2000 and owned as to 50% by NGO 1 and 50% by NGO 2, one of the
                                            Company’s Shareholders

      “Hong Kong”                           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




192   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018
                                      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars”   Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
  or “HK$” and “cents”                Kong

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“Huaibei Fangshan Cemetery”           a cemetery in Huaibei City of Anhui Province and operated by Huaibei Fu
                                      Shou Yuan Memorial Park Co., Ltd.* (淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司), a
                                      limited company established under laws of the PRC and a joint venture of
                                      the Company

“Hubei Tianxian Cemetery”             a cemetery in Wuhan of Hubei Province, a limited company established
                                      under the laws of the PRC and became a subsidiary of the Company since
                                      January 2019

“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”              a cemetery in Jinzhou City of Liaoning Province and operated by Jinzhou
                                      City Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd.* (錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司), a limited
                                      company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                      Company

“Last Year”                           the year ended December 31, 2017

“Linxin”                              Shanghai Linxin Asset Management Co., Ltd. (上海臨信資產管理有限公
                                      司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                                      investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                                      Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會)

“Listing”                             listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                        December 19, 2013, the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                                      commence on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                                      amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”             A cemetery in Luoyang City of Henan Province and operated by Luoyang
                                      Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (洛 陽 仙 鶴 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a
                                      limited company established under the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                      Company since January 2017

“Meilin Century Cemetery”             a cemetery in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province acquired and operated by
                                      Nanchang Hongfu

“Model Code”                          the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                      set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules




                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2018     193
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Nanchang Hongfu”                     Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.* (南昌洪福人文紀念有限
                                            責任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “NEEQ”                                National Equities Exchange and Quotations

      “NGO 1”                               Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Development Service Centre* (上海中民
                                            老齡事業開發服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                                            established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                                            Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social welfare
                                            benefits, with an emphasis on facility developments, and one of the
                                            Company’s indirect Shareholders

      “NGO 2”                               Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Consultancy Service Centre* (上海中民
                                            老齡事業諮詢服務中心), a private non-enterprise unit (民辦非企業單位)
                                            established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                                            Qingpu Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social
                                            welfare benefits, with an emphasis on advisory services, and one of the
                                            Company’s indirect Shareholders

      “Nomination Committee”                the nomination committee of the Company

      “Peaceful Field”                      Peaceful Field Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                            July 2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Wang Jisheng (王計生), the executive
                                            Director

      “Perfect Score”                       Perfect Score Group Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in
                                            BVI on June 18, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu

      “Prospectus”                          the prospectus of the Company dated December 9, 2013

      “Remuneration Committee”              the remuneration committee of the Company

      “RMB”                                 Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SFO”                                 the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                            Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                            time)

      “Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”               Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.* (山東福壽園發展有限公
                                            司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                            subsidiary of the Company

      “Shandong World Trade Centre”         Shandong World Trade Centre* (山東世界貿易中心), a 50% shareholder of
                                            Shandong Fu Shou Yuan




194   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2018
                                 DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”         a cemetery in Qingpu District of Shanghai and operated by Shanghai FSY
                                Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業發展有限公司), a limited
                                company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                Company

“Shanghai Zhongfu”              Shanghai Zhongfu International Trade Co., Ltd.* (上海眾福國際貿易有限公
                                司), a company established in the PRC. It was a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                of Zhongfu

“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) with a nominal value of US$0.01 each in the share capital
                                of the Company

“Share Option Scheme”           the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on
                                December 3, 2013

“Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of the Share(s)

“sq.m.”                         square meters

“Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Takeovers Code”                the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (as amended,
                                supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Temshine”                      Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.* (北京天泉佳境陵園建築設
                                計有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and
                                a subsidiary of the Company since August 2017

“United States”                 the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “US dollar”            United Stated dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wish and Catch”                Wish and Catch Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                June 28, 2013, wholly-owned by Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), the chairman and
                                one of the executive Directors of the Company

“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”   a cemetery in Wuyuan of Jiangxi Province and operated by Wuyuan
                                Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司), a limited
                                company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                Company

“Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”           Chongqing Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶
                                西苑福壽園實業發展有限公司), a limited company established under the
                                laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2018    195
      DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

      “Year”                                       year ended December 31, 2018

      “Yongying”                                   Yongying Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (永 贏 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司), a
                                                   company established in the PRC with limited liability and a private
                                                   investment fund manager approved by the Assets Management
                                                   Association of China* (中國證券投資基金業協會), the investment made by
                                                   Yongying in the Limited Partnership for and on behalf of Yongying Asset
                                                   — Yonghui Phase II special Asset Management Plan (永贏資產 — 甬匯二
                                                   期專項資產管理計劃)

      “Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”                 Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市山亭興泰殯
                                                   儀 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                                   PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2016

      “Zhongfu”                                    China Zhongfu Industrial Group Limited* (中 國 中 福 實 業 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                                   formerly known as China Zhongfu Industrial Co., Ltd.* (中國中福實業有限
                                                   公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on July 15, 1985
                                                   and directly wholly-owned by Hongfu, and one of the Company’s
                                                   Shareholders

      “%”                                          per cent.


      *     Denotes English translation or transliteration of the name of a Chinese company or entity or vice versa and is provided for
            identification purposes only.




196   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2018
