CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

7     Management Discussion and Analysis

25    Profiles of Directors and Senior Management

31    Directors’ Report

44    Corporate Governance Report

57    Independent Auditor’s Report

      Consolidated Financial Statements

62      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
           Comprehensive Income

64      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

66      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

67      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

70      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

161   Financial Summary

163   Definitions and Glossary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Executive Directors                                    Mr. Bai Xiaojiang
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)                           Mr. Cheng Ching Kit
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)                     REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                       Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Non-executive Directors                                Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
Mr. Lu Hesheng                                         P.O. Box 1350
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                             Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Ms. Zhou Lijie                                         Cayman Islands

Independent Non-executive Directors                    HEADQUARTERS
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                        No. 500
Mr. Ho Man                                             Lane 7270, Waiqingsong Road
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       Shanghai
Mr. Chen Xin                                           China 200030

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Ho Man (Chairman)                                  HONG KONG
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                             Unit 709, 7/F
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                        K. Wah Centre
Mr. Chen Xin                                           191 Java Road
                                                       North Point
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Hong Kong
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng                                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                        TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Ho Man                                             Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                       P.O. Box 1350
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Mr. Luo Zhuping (Chairman)                             Cayman Islands
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an
Ms. Liang Yanjun                                       HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                       TRANSFER OFFICE
COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ms. Liang Yanjun (Chairman)                            Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Mr. Luo Zhuping                                        Hopewell Centre
Mr. Ho Man                                             183 Queen’s Road East
                                                       Wanchai
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                       Hong Kong
Mr. Zhu Qiming
Mr. Cheng Ching Kit




2         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Construction Bank of China
Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank
Bank of Communications
Bank of Shanghai
Citibank, N.A.

AUDITOR
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
1448

WEBSITE
www.fsygroup.com




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the Group’s
results for the year 2024 to all Shareholders for review.

In 2024, the global economy continued to face numerous challenges, while the Chinese economy demonstrated
strong resilience. With the steady recovery of the domestic economy, consumer confidence among residents
continued to improve, and the service industry experienced steady development. Against the backdrop of China’s
implementation of green development strategy, the concept of environmentally friendly funeral and interment are
becoming more widespread. Coupled with the accelerating aging population, the demand for death care services is
steadily increasing. As an industry leader, Fu Shou Yuan continued to deepen its digital transformation and promote
green environmental concepts, aiming to provide customers with higher-quality life services.

Fu Shou Yuan, as China’s leading funeral and life technology service provider, as well as an explorer and participant
in the development and reform of the funeral industry, has consistently remained at the forefront of innovation.
Facing significant demand and promising market prospects in funeral and life services, the Group continuously
transforms and upgrades its products while driving digital transformation based on industry-leading operational
philosophies and multi-engine-driven and scale expansion strategies. Guided by its “People-oriented and
Culture-rooted” corporate mission, Fu Shou Yuan focuses on service expansion, technology-driven development
and cultural innovation, thereby addressing clients’ diverse and high-quality needs, particularly those related to
spiritual and emotional services.

In 2024, the Group’s operating performance continued to maintain a steady momentum, which not only
demonstrated the market adaptability of Fu Shou Yuan but also reflected the Group’s unremitting efforts in
continuous innovation and service optimization. During the Year, the Group recorded revenue of RMB2,077.5 million
and achieved a net profit of RMB497.3 million. Profit and comprehensive income attributable to Shareholders
reached RMB373.1 million. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK9.54 cents per Share for 2024 to the
Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK6.38 cents per Share for the six months ended June 30,
2024 and a special dividend of HK38.82 cents per Share declared on January 24, 2025, the total dividend for the
whole year is HK54.74 cents per Share, which is in line with the dividend policy committed by the Group to thank
Shareholders for their long-standing support and recognition.

During the Year, Fu Shou Yuan actively promoted its own transformation, striving to move from a traditional
comprehensive funeral service provider towards a provider of life technology services. At the “2024 Brand Power
Forum”, with innovative achievements in brand building over the past 30 years, Fu Shou Yuan was shortlisted for the
“Top 500 China Innovative Brands of 2024”, with a brand value of RMB13.995 billion and a brand index of 431.64
points, ranking 233rd among the top 500. At the 2025 Davos World Brand Summit, it was awarded the title of “Top
500 World Innovative Brands of 2024”. According to a professional brand evaluation organization, Asiabrand’s
brand evaluation method, Fu Shou Yuan’s brand value was evaluated at US$2.916 billion, demonstrating its leading
position in the funeral industry and its outstanding performance in innovation and service quality.




4          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Fu Shou Yuan continuously advances its digital transformation strategy, leads the continuous iteration of digital
funerals and the continuous expansion of corresponding application scenarios, and deepens the “Internet + death
care service” model. Over the past year, Fu Shou Yuan made its first attempt to apply AI technology to the creation
of digital person, successfully hosting the 2024 Qingming Festival conference in the form of a “digital intelligence
person virtual event”. This innovative initiative not only showcased Fu Shou Yuan’s technological prowess in the
digital field but also set a new benchmark for the industry. Fu Shou Yuan also launched the first interactive digital
ancestral hall in China — the “Yuan Ancestral Hall” (元家祠). The digital ancestral hall combines functions such as a
digital memorial hall, digital person, AI family heritage and online memorials, breaking the two-dimensional layout of
traditional online memorial halls and presenting in a more tangible 3D exhibition hall format. Here, photos, videos,
and artworks of the deceased can be freely arranged by family members.

During the Year, Fu Shou Yuan has actively organized and participated in various social welfare activities, with a
broad spectrum covering areas such as charity assistance, mental rescue, hospice care, educational support, life
education and environmental conservation. Being recognized for its outstanding performance in the charitable
sector, Fu Shou Yuan was honored with the “2023 China Public Welfare Enterprise” award. In June 2024, Fu Shou
Home Life Community under Fu Shou Yuan, Shanghai Hospice Care Health Service Center, Shanghai Tuoxin Health
Promotion Center and Shanghai Xingchuan Health Technology Co., Ltd. jointly launched a charity service project
and volunteer recruitment initiative to care for terminally ill cancer patients. This project is the first charity service
project in China to provide remote support to end-stage cancer patients. Through this endeavor, Fu Shou Yuan
aims to raise broad awareness in society about the lives and needs of end-stage cancer patients and their families,
thereby offering more heartfelt and comprehensive assistance and support to them.

Fu Shou Yuan, in collaboration with the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and The Paper (彭湃新聞), jointly
released the “Fu Shou Yuan Public Welfare White Paper” (《福壽園公益事業白皮書》) (the “White Paper”). This is the
first systematic white paper in the funeral industry in China that outlines corporate participation in social welfare
initiatives. The publication of the White Paper represents a milestone in summarizing Fu Shou Yuan’s public welfare
initiatives, providing a roadmap for the Group to further establish a sustainable and normalized public welfare
system across “Enterprise-Industry-Society”, and offering a reference path for private enterprises to engage in
public welfare practices.

In terms of international cooperation, Fu Shou Yuan has actively expanded its horizons, seeking alignment and
integration with international advanced experiences. From September 18 to 21, 2024, Fu Shou Yuan was invited to
participate in The World Organization of Funeral Operatives (the “FIAT-IFTA”) 2024 Convention. During the
conference, the Group provided attendees with a detailed introduction on the establishment background of the Fu
Shou Yuan Li Ji Academy, its educational philosophy, and the efforts and significant achievements made to
enhance the comprehensive qualities of practitioners in the Chinese funeral industry. Additionally, the Group
engaged in in-depth discussions with the executive committee of the International Funeral Association to share
experiences and explore collaborations, which further enhanced Fu Shou Yuan’s influence and bargaining power in
the international funeral sector and laid a new foundation for international exchanges and collaborations within the
industry.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024             5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Fu Shou Yuan has consistently been committed to promoting sustainable development and has achieved significant
accomplishments in this regard. The Company’s continued efforts in sustainable development and delivering
outstanding performance in “labor practices” and “environmental issues”. Particularly noteworthy is Fu Shou Yuan’s
consecutive three-year improvement in the Hang Seng Index score, with the latest score reaching 65.20 points,
maintaining an A+ rating and attaining the highest rating within the “Responsive” range. This highlights the
Company’s leading position in key areas such as career development training, talent management, resource
conservation and low-carbon transformation. Fu Shou Yuan also actively responds to new ESG regulations by
continually optimizing anti-corruption systems, risk management systems and supply chain management systems
to further enhance corporate governance standards and ensure transparency and compliance in operations. These
initiatives not only showcase the Company’s achievements in sustainable development but also set benchmarks for
the industry, driving synergistic progress among enterprises, society and the environment.

As a leader in the funeral industry, Fu Shou Yuan has always adhered to the principles of “operating in accordance
with laws and regulations”, “creating a new industry culture”, “ensuring customer satisfaction and government
confidence” and “fulfilling various responsibilities”. In the future, Fu Shou Yuan will continue to drive funeral reforms
with a strong sense of responsibility and mission, support industry standardization and green development, provide
higher-quality services to society and contribute more to the sustainable development of the industry.

Looking ahead, with the aging population increasing, the demand for funeral services is expected to rise steadily. Fu
Shou Yuan will remain committed to its “People-oriented and Culture-rooted” philosophy, continue to enhance
service quality, advance digital transformation efforts, uphold the mission of “Monuments beautification, Memories
thickening and Heritage lengthening”, and strive to fulfill our corporate, social, industry, historical and public
responsibilities. Through fostering a new industry culture, we aim to drive industry transformation and contribute to
the progress of social civilization, working tirelessly to meet the public’s aspirations for a better life. Fu Shou Yuan
will persist in innovation-driven development, accelerate digital transformation, expand the practice of green funeral
services, and deliver higher-quality life services to our clients. Meanwhile, the Group will actively uphold its social
responsibilities, promote the healthy development of the industry, and refine mechanisms to ensure sustained,
stable and high returns for investors, thereby creating greater value for Shareholders.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman




6          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MARKET OVERVIEW

As China advances into a moderately prosperous society in all respects and reached a new historical starting point,
promotion of people’s well-being to a new level and continuous enhancement of people’s sense of satisfaction,
happiness and security will be China’s key developmental goals in terms of people’s livelihood going forward. In the
new era, people’s desire for a better life has extended from “life” to “death”. Improving the quality of people’s
funeral services and achieving “peaceful departure” has become the major issues in the field of death care service
and has been promoting the in-depth development of China’s death care service industry.

In recent years, China’s new urbanization has been progressing steadily with rising urbanization rate. According to
the latest data published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, as of the end of 2024, China’s resident
population in urban areas reached 943.5 million, representing an increase of 10.83 million compared to the end of
2023, while the rate of urban population was 67.0%, representing an increase of 0.84 percentage points compared
to the year of 2023. China’s urbanization rate has increased by an average of 0.92 percentage points annually over
the past six years, with more than 10 million rural residents moving into urban areas every year. The steady increase
in the level of urbanization will give rise to a wide range of demands from the new urban population for funeral
infrastructure, multi-layered funeral services and life-related technology industries. At the same time, the number of
China’s aging population has further heightened. At the end of 2024, the number of people aged 60 and above
reached 310.31 million, accounting for 22.0% of the total population. The number increased by 13.34 million
compared to the end of 2023, representing a rise of 0.9 percentage points in its proportion to the overall population.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, the population born in the second birth peak in the 1960s have successively
entered old age, resulting in a sharp increase in China’s aging population. According to the latest data published by
the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the number of deaths in China for 2024 was 10.93 million. In addition,
with the continuous advancement in funeral reforms and customs changes, the cremation rate of remains in China
continued to increase in recent years. In 2021, 5.966 million bodies were cremated nationwide with a cremation rate
of 58.8%. Looking ahead, the acceleration of and interplay between the new urbanization process, the aging
population trend and the increased cremation rate will continuously give rise to a massive demand for death care
services in the market.

In 2024, the overall economy of China has been operating steadily with a long-term upward trend. According to the
latest data published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s GDP amounted to RMB134,908.4 billion
in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.0% if calculated at constant prices. The disposable income per
capita of urban residents was RMB54,188, representing a year-on-year growth of 4.6% in nominal terms and a
growth of 4.4% in real terms excluding price factors, compared to 2023. The consumption expenditure per capita of
urban residents was RMB34,557, representing a year-on-year growth of 4.7% in nominal terms and a growth of
4.5% in real terms compared to 2023. The service consumption expenditure per capita of national residents
increased by 7.4%, accounting for 46.1% of residents’ per capita consumption expenditure, which was 0.9
percentage points higher than that of Last Year. On the other hand, as the external environment becomes more
complex, severe and uncertain in 2024, the pain of domestic structural adjustment has begun to emerge, factors
such as insufficient short-term effective demand lingered to retard the sustained upturn in the service industry
economy, with further rooms for improvement in the residents’ consumption power. In the long run, with the
improvement of people’s living standards and the steady growth of their income, the upgrading trend in China’s
resident consumption structure has remained unchanged, with constant emergence of consumption highlights such
as digital consumption, green consumption and healthy consumption, demonstrating that the residents’ demand for
quality continues to increase, and the concept of green and environmental protection becomes more popular. There
are numerous opportunities for the development of service-based consumption in the future, including the
urbanization of the household population, which will stimulate the upgrading of service-based consumption, the


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024            7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

ageing of the population, which will bring diversified demand for elderly services, and the development of the digital
economy, which will give rise to new types of service-based consumption and so on. As a humanized funeral
service provider, we will not only satisfy the basic funeral service needs, but will also cater to the public’s growing
demands for diversified and differentiated services with high quality, providing multi-layered service contents and
more convenient service scenarios to extend humanistic care and emotional comfort to the deceased and their
families.

The death care service sector in China has been pressing ahead in terms of reform and innovation, so as to
strengthen system construction and advance the modernization of the governance system and governance capacity
in death care service. Since 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and governments at all levels have
successively issued their 14th Five-Year Plan on the Development of Civil Affairs (《「十四五」民政事業發展規劃》),
which further improves the public death care service system and enhances the government’s ability to provide basic
death care services. It will further accelerate the reinforcement of death care service facilities by addressing their
weaknesses and practically improve the standard of governance in the death care service sector, while further
regulating and strengthening the management of death care services, standardizing the business conduct of death
care intermediaries and service providers, and establishing a sound and comprehensive regulatory mechanism. In
November 2023, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the Notice of the General Office of the Ministry of Civil Affairs on
Publishing of the Plan for the Construction of Civil Affairs Laws and Regulations (2023–2027) (《民政部辦公廳關於印
發〈民政法規制度建設規劃 (2023–2027年)〉的通知》), which sets out specific improvement measures on death care
service system to promote the formulation of policies in strengthening and enhancing death care service
management, and initiating studies on legislation for death care regime in a timely manner. In particular, the
Regulations on Funeral and Interment Control (《殯葬管理條例》) has been included in the legislative work plan of the
Ministry of Civil Affairs and its revision is being actively promoted. The revision of the Regulations on Funeral and
Interment Control will deepen the death care reform, improve the death care service system, and help rectify the
chaos in the industry. It further standardizes death care behaviors, strengthens the provision of legal protection in
death care management, promotes the market-oriented and standardized development of the industry, and
ultimately achieves the long-term healthy growth of China’s death care service industry. In February 2024, the
Ministry of Civil Affairs convened a mobilisation and deployment meeting for the year-opening work and
emphasised once again the need to expedite the reinforcement of death care service facilities, including increasing
investment in the construction of funeral parlours, cemeteries and other infrastructure, to improve the coverage and
service capacity of death care facilities. In the same month, the Ministry of Civil Affairs released the Notice on Public
Solicitation of Opinions for 20 National and Civil Affairs Industry Standardization Projects, including the Guidelines
for Land-saving Ecological Burial Services (《關於〈節地生態安葬服務指南〉等20項國家和民政行業標準計劃項目公
開徵求意見的通知》). The relevant standardization projects cover various aspects of death care services, including,
among others, land-saving ecological burial, grief counselling services, basic functions of the funeral IoT information
system software, standards for body embalming agents, and requirements for online worshipping, which marks
another important step in the promotion of death care standardization. In April 2024, the Ministry of Civil Affairs
issued the Notice of the General Office of the Ministry of Civil Affairs on Further Strengthening the Standardized
Disposal of Remains and Cremated Ashes (《民政部辦公廳關於進一步加強遺體和骨灰規範處置工作的通知》), which
further regulates the disposal services for remains and cremated ashes by stipulating responsibilities of various
operating facilities and relevant regulatory authorities, and strengthening the education and training of service
personnel in the industry. Since 2024, a total of 6 national standards and 12 industry standards at the national level
have been issued in the funeral sector, and more than 10 recommended industry standards have been formulated
and revised, which demonstrates the country’s determination and efforts in improving the service supply level,
strengthening supervision and management, and promoting the healthy development of the funeral sector. The
relevant standards not only reflect the strict requirements on the process and technical specifications of funeral
services, but also highlight the value orientation of environmental protection, resource conservation and humanistic


8           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

care. The Group expects that there will be a higher entry barrier for both new and existing participants in the death
care service industry with the continuous improvement in regimes and systems of the death care service sector. As
a distinguished death care service provider and an industry leader in China, we have always been at the forefront of
the industry in terms of compliance and the development of standardized systems, and we believe the
above-mentioned regulations will create a better environment with fair competition and adequate rooms for
sustainable development. We will continue our efforts in directing the development of the industry and better serve
the public through death care services that meet both psychological and cultural needs.

With regards to the technology in funeral and burial, in December 2021, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the 14th
Five-Year Plan on the Development of the Digitalization of Civil Affairs (《「十 四 五」民 政 信 息 化 發 展 規 劃》), which
serves as a proactive effort to establish a nationwide digitalized platform for death care management services, to
build a fundamental database for national death care information, and to improve the digitalized standards of death
care management services. By promoting the integration of the internet and death care services and developing
new service modes such as remote funerals and online worshipping, it aims to provide more convenient death care
services for the public. Additionally, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued Specifications for Online Worshipping
Services (《網絡祭祀服務規範》) and Requirements for Online Worshipping (Draft for Public Comments) (《網絡祭祀
要 求 (徵 求 意 見 稿)》), which set out the basic requirements for providing online worshipping services, service
procedures, and standards for online memorial halls and its evaluation and improvement. During the Qingming
period in 2024, a total of 1,164 online worshipping platforms were launched nationwide, serving approximately
4.591 million users, which has become an important way for the public to express their grief and remember the
deceased. The Internet is advancing the transformation and upgrading of death care services from traditional
practices to modern formats. “Internet + death care” empowers death care services with information technology. It
is accelerating the standardization of death care services and boosting the high-quality development of death care
services. In May 2024, China Civil Affairs (《中 國 民 政》) magazine published a signed article entitled Seizing New
Opportunities in the Development of New Productivity and Striving for High-Quality Development in Social Affairs
(《把握發展新質生產力新機遇努力推動社會事務工作高品質發展》). The article pointed out that the death care service
industry is currently in a critical period of product iteration and increasing pressure. It is necessary to accelerate
technological innovation and industrial transformation, integrate modern technological ideas into traditional funerals,
and promote the development of a new industry characterized by high technological content, low resource
consumption, minimal environmental pollution and greener product supply. In August 2024, the Ministry of Civil
Affairs issued 10 recommended industry standards, three of which highlight the pivotal role of digitalisation and
cyberisation in the rapid development of high-tech funeral services. These include the “Basic Functional
Requirements for the Information System Software of Internet of Things Used in Funeral Services” (《殯葬物聯網資
訊系統軟件基本功能要求》) and the “Basic Data Elements for the Information Systems of Internet of Things Used in
Funeral Services” (《殯葬物聯網資訊系統基本數據元》), which outline the relevant standards and requirements for
constructing the information systems of internet of things used in funeral services by the Ministry of Civil Affairs and
funeral service providers. Furthermore, the “Technical Requirements for Online Platforms for Public Funeral
Services” (《殯葬公共服務網絡平台技術要求》) specifies the general requirements and data requirements for building
online platforms for public funeral services. It addresses performance and technical requirements in areas such as
enquiry, statistics and reliability, and outlines specific technical indicators for the physical environment, disaster
recovery backup, network construction and operation and maintenance. Detailed technical requirements for security
protection are also included, focusing on security incident response, physical environment security and platform
network security. “To use the scientific ways of thinking and approach to give the deceased dignity, and use
modern technology to enhance death care services to make them more humane and high-end” will be the future
development direction of the death care industry. As a distinguished death care service provider and industry leader
in China, we will continue to elevate our technological innovation capability and accelerate the application of
technology and digital transformation in death care services.


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024            9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As China’s social and economic development has entered a new era, people’s demands have been gradually
moving from “availability” to “quality”. In the death care service sector, China witnessed the increasing disposable
income per capita, vigorous promotion of traditional Chinese culture and virtues by the government, accelerating
urbanization progress, aging population and rising cremation rate in recent years. These trends not only underlie the
increase in overall demand for death care services, but also demonstrate the requirements for better death care
service quality and the diversification and differentiation of the substance of death care services. With the
acceleration of China’s population aging, the death care industry will be gradually incorporated into the
coordination, development, and planning of the entire elderly service industry to facilitate the development of each
“elderly” service industry in a coordinated manner. In addition, a multi-layered social service security system, led by
the government with contribution from the society, has been established to stimulate the vitality of market entities
and direct social energy towards livelihood service security in an orderly manner, thereby proactively advancing the
supply-side structural reform of death care services. It is able to secure the basic livelihood requirements and satisfy
the public’s demand for multi-layered and diversified death care services at the same time. These driving factors are
set to boost the in-depth and stable development of the death care service industry in China.

BUSINESS COMMENTARY

In 2024, on one hand, China’s economy as a whole showed a stable recovery trend, with GDP reaching
RMB134,908.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.0% if calculated at constant prices; the disposable
income per capita of urban residents was RMB54,188, representing a year-on-year growth of 4.4% in real terms
excluding price factors, compared to that of 2023; the consumption expenditure per capita of urban residents was
RMB34,557, representing a year-on-year growth of 4.5% in real terms compared to that of 2023. On the other hand,
as the external environment becomes more complex, severe and uncertain, the pain of domestic structural
adjustment has begun to emerge, factors such as insufficient short-term effective demand lingered to retard the
sustained upturn in the service industry economy, with further rooms for improvement in the residents’ consumption
power. Under such economic environment, customers appeared to be more cautious towards their consumption
behaviors in death care scenarios, took longer time for consideration before making consumption decisions, and
there were fewer local support policies implemented upon death care companies. All these have brought challenges
to the development of the Group in addition to the higher comparative revenue base in the same period Last Year
when the accumulated and deferred market demand was released post the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.
During the Year, in order to respond to the corresponding changing trends in the economic environment and
customer consumption behavior, the Group continued to focus on both the market and product fronts. We have
made multifaceted efforts across the fields of service extension, technological leadership and cultural innovation,
formulating policies that cater to different “cemeteries” to meet the diversified and differentiated consumer needs of
cemetery customers, especially those at the spiritual level. We will continue to enhance the core competitiveness of
our products and services to achieve long-term sustainable development of the Group.

We are transforming from an industry-leading comprehensive death care service provider to a life technology
service provider. In respect of cemetery business, we continue to be committed to implementing the “3JI” Concept
(Monuments beautification, Memories thickening, Heritage lengthening) in various places and cemeteries. During the
Year, under the guidance of the “3JI” Concept, we launched a new sentiment product integrating cemetery
products + services, striving to provide innovative, artistic life services that cover wider spectrum to our customers’
satisfaction. There are 17 cemeteries designed and implemented under the “3JI” Concept, each of which is a
profound artistic embodiment. They epitomize the reverence for life and pursuit of life aesthetics through their
design concept, which is full of humanistic care and overall cemetery layout, which possesses both inner and outer
beauty, as well as the natural landscape that serves as embellishment and the monument design that combines
functionality and artistry. In addition, as the vessels for documenting and commemorative activities in the “3JI”



10        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Concept, personalized, digital and innovative services including digital rituals (digital immersive burial, memorial and
worship), “Fu Shou Yuan Online Service” mini program, digital humanities memorial halls, life story memoirs, and
digital ancestral halls have been developed and integrated into multiple scenarios and sessions such as funerals,
burials and memorial ceremonies. It allows customers to upload audio, pictorial and video materials to create 2D
and 3D digital mannequins, life story microfilms, life story memoirs, as well as to generate family biographies on a
household basis, all of which provide customers with a richer and broader spectrum of sentimental experience and
beneficial emotional interventions. Meanwhile, we have strengthened our technology-enabled management in this
digital era. We are among the few cemetery enterprises that have fully implemented digitized systems for
engineering, security, cleansing and cemetery management, which has tied in with the manpower efficiency targets
and further enhanced operational efficiency. In addition, through the innovation of engineering technology, we are
able to develop miniaturised and artistic products of different price range in cemeteries, providing diversified
products and services to more customer groups with different needs.

During the Year, despite the overall downturn in the domestic construction industry, Temshine, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Group in the design segment which specialized in the planning and design in the funeral field, has
maintained relatively stable operations and development. Temshine obtained multiple planning and design projects
from burial and funeral facilities in different regions during the Year through open market bidding. It remained as a
national leader in terms of design strength and operating capabilities. At the same time, Temshine actively
implemented the “3JI” Concept within the Group, providing a strong guarantee for the “3JI” planning and
implementation among the Group’s various entities, which has further enhanced the market competitiveness of the
Group’s products.

In respect of funeral services business, we focused our efforts on several aspects during the Year, namely business
restructuring, customer value creation, etiquette service transformation and technology-enabled management.
Through core process transformation focusing on “new scenarios, new supplies and new services”, we have led
industry development by catering to the “new consumption” needs of modern funerals, stimulating the vitality of
traditional funeral business, and responding to the differentiated and diversified service needs of the market. We
have paid full attention to the psychological needs of customers, using smart sound and light systems to transform
cremation scenes, and introducing “meditation healing” services into farewell ceremonies. We have developed ritual
services including Memorial Plaque Setting Ceremony, Bathing Ceremony for the Deceased, Hanging Blessings
Ceremony, along with related cultural and creative products. Further standardization and upgrades of the halls have
led to the creation of the “Four Halls of Life” planning scheme, enhancing the functionality, aesthetics and
technological appeal of mourning halls, and strengthening customers’ experience and sense of satisfaction in
funeral services. At the same time, we further expanded the scope of centralized R&D and procurement of funeral
supplies, and incorporated “cultural paper coffins”, “cultural urn”, and “portable scented sachets” into ceremonies,
ensuring a full coverage of the “new culture” onto our funeral services. In addition, we continued to promote high
value-added and high technology services, such as embalming and bathing for the departed, to strengthen our core
competitiveness and promote the high-quality and sustainable development of funeral services.

As an important strategic pivot of the Group, pre-need contract aims to provide life planning advice and end-of-life
management solutions to the public, and provide elderly service solutions to institutions and governments. It helps
the Group to lock in customers in advance and create a stable customer reserve for the funeral and cemetery
segments. In the context of an aging society, pre-need contract services have been attracting more customers who
wish to make their after-death arrangements earlier, and have also gained recognition, support and service orders
from governments at all levels and elderly service institutions. During the Year, a total of 20,229 pre-need contracts
were signed (2023: 17,707 contracts), representing an increase of 14.2% compared with that of Last Year. The
growth in sales volume was mainly attributable to the procurement of solutions by institutions and governments and


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

the development of products at different target levels. Compared to channel development, we believe that the
enhancement of the service content included in the pre-need contract will be more attractive to customers,
governments at all levels and elderly service institutions, which will accelerate the promotion of the pre-need
contract and improve its core competitiveness. Therefore, during the Year, we were also exploring integrated
pre-need contracts that incorporate various professional support services such as hospice care, grief counseling
and emotional intervention. At the same time, we continued to promote the all-round and multi-insurance
cooperation with insurance companies, and in the second half of the Year, we designed and completed a product
combined with accident insurance, hoping to drive the growth of the pre-need contract business and the rapid
expansion of the market through cross-industry cooperation.

The Group’s eco-friendly cremator business, which integrates R&D, design, in-house production, comprehensive
support and after-sales service, manufactures smart and eco-friendly cremation equipment and exhaust gas
purification treatment systems. During the Year, we continued to optimize product performance and collect
customer feedback to further improve product quality and reduce operation and maintenance costs. We actively
maintained customers from home and abroad by providing pre-sales technical support and after-sales maintenance
guarantee. We have developed and provided services for updating and rebuilding old JS-2 cremators, allowing
existing customers to share the latest achievements in product upgrade and energy conservation. At the same time,
we continued to conduct statistical analysis and verification of new ash sorting furnaces and exhaust gas
purification system equipment, further reducing their cremation time and fuel consumption through consistent
optimization and adjustment. Furthermore, we are also establishing our own domestic and overseas sales system
for the eco-friendly cremation equipment segment. During the Year, we maintained close contact with a number of
potential partners from home and aboard, and signed sales cooperation agreements with several companies for
cremators, exhaust gas systems and certain auxiliary equipment. With the construction of corresponding funeral
facilities following the advancement of new urbanization, the aging trend of the population, and the accelerated
increase in cremation rates, together with the promotion of environmental protection we believe that the demand for
eco-friendly and smart cremation equipment will increase significantly in different regions.

As of now, the Group’s footprint covers over 40 cities in 19 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in
China, including Shanghai, Henan, Chongqing, Anhui, Shandong, Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangxi,
Jiangsu, Guangxi, Beijing, Guizhou, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Hubei, Hebei and Shaanxi, which includes our operating
cemeteries and funeral facilities in major cities across 17 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in
China. The Group’s expansion plans in other major provinces, capital cities and uncharted areas across China are
still progressing steadily. The Group will proceed at a prudent and steady pace and adhere to our responsibility to
our Shareholders, focusing on core and higher tier cities as well as opportunities for new and existing projects with
greater regional synergies. We will select suitable targets, integrate diversified business resources and acquire
quality assets at fair and reasonable consideration.

During the Year, as the Group was in the process of transforming from an industry-leading comprehensive funeral
service provider to a life technology service provider, we had been focusing on establishing a talent structure and
building a team that is compatible to the business transformation. In addition, in view of the complicated market
environment and challenges, we continued to deepen our human resources management reform. During the Year,
we have optimized the formulation of our labor efficiency targets and salary grading system. This will ensure rational
allocation of human resources, swift response to changes in the market, and preserving our competitiveness and
adaptability.




12         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, as the first corporate funeral vocational and educational institution in China with the qualification of
a non-degree higher educational institution, as well as a core member of the Industry-education Integration Unit of
the National Funeral Industry (全國殯葬行業產教融合共同體), the Group’s Li Ji Academy offered courses such as
“Cremator” and “Cemetery Manager”, provided “Specialized Counseling for Social Workers’ Vocational Qualification
Examination”, and published the “Code of Practice on Grief Counseling Services for Funeral Practitioners” as a
group standard. In addition, Li Ji Academy hosted the 2nd council meeting of the Industry-education Integration Unit
of the National Funeral Industry and the inaugural Forum of 30 People on China Funeral Management (中國殯葬治理
30人 論 壇). It also took the lead in setting up the Think Tank for Integrated Life Service Industry in Yangtze River
Delta (長三角一體化生命服務事業智庫) and successfully jointly organized the Sino-UK Healthcare Summit and the
first international forum of the Think Tank for Integrated Life Service Industry in Yangtze River Delta, providing
intellectual support to promote exchanges among government, industry, scholars and researchers in China’s funeral
sector, and speeding up the improvement of funeral management system with Chinese characteristics. On the front
of international exchanges, Li Ji Academy organized an international study group to take part in the “2024 ICCFA
Annual Conference and Exposition” in the United States, the “2024 Asian Funeral and Cemetery Expo and
Conference (AFE2024)”, the “10 th ENDEX, the 17th FIAT-IFTA Annual Conference”, the “35 th ACCA Annual
Conference” and the “2024 NFDA Annual Conference and Expo”. On the front of policy research, Li Ji Academy was
the main drafting party of the Construction and Service Regulations for Public Welfare Burial (Resting) Facility (公益
性 安 葬 (放) 設 施 建 設 和 服 務 規 範), which was selected into the first batch of Standardized Guiding Technical
Documentation Project of Shanghai Pudong New District in 2024.

Always upholding its “People-oriented and Culture-rooted” philosophy, Fu Shou Yuan has been transforming from
an industry-leading comprehensive funeral service provider to a life technology service provider, extending its
services beyond the earthly realm “Fu Shou Yuan” to the spiritual realm “Metaverse Park”. We aim to “glorify the
monuments”, “prolong the memories” and “deepen the heritage”. During the Year, there were a total of
approximately 114,000 online articles related to Fu Shou Yuan, representing a year on year increase of 74%, with
the volume of coverage on the Internet and positive coverage all reaching record high. The general public had
largely given its approval to Fu Shou Yuan’s pursuit of AI and digital transformation. Its branding activities such as
the Peking University Qingming Forum, the Virtual Launch of Digital Replicant at Qingming, Fu Shou Yuan Life
Charity Festival as well as its public welfare practices such as industry-education integration and life education, had
all earned much praise from the public. There was multimedia coverage on the Group’s staff across the country,
including funeral director, tombstone designers and cleaners, who were being dubbed as “star growers”. In
September 2024, Shen Cuiying, a well-known philanthropist in Shanghai who was endearingly known as “Shanghai
Grandma”, was laid to rest in Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. At the commemorative event, the digital image of Grandma
Shen met with friends, family and guests at the event. In October 2024, Fu Shou Yuan appeared in Liu Run’s 2024
annual speech. Liu Run, founder of Run2Me Consulting and a famous business consultant, shared Fu Shou Yuan’s
“3JI” Concept to millions of online and offline audiences. In December 2024, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences
and The Paper (彭湃新聞), together with Fu Shou Yuan, jointly released the “White Paper on Public Welfare of Fu
Shou Yuan (福 壽 園 公 益 事 業 白 皮 書)”, which is the first white paper of the funeral industry in China that
systematically organizes the undertakings of enterprises in social welfare and provides a reference path for private
enterprises to carry out public welfare practices. We gained wide recognition from all walks of life for our
achievements in public welfare, public relations, technological innovations and brand development, receiving a
number of awards including “Annual Contribution Award for Education and Public Welfare” at the 13th China Public
Welfare Festival (第十三屆公益節「年度教育公益貢獻獎」), the “Chinese Public Welfare Enterprise of the Year” at the
8th China Public Welfare Conference (第八屆中國公益年會「年度中國公益企業」), the “Digital Innovation Leading
Award” and “Outstanding Brand Image Award” at the 13th Finance Summit, the “Golden Award for Responsibility” at
the 7th Social Responsibility Conference, among others. In January 2025, Fu Shou Yuan was invited to the 2025



                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024           13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Davos World Brand Summit and was selected as one of the “2024 World’s Top 500 Innovative Brands” (2024世界創
新品牌500強). With its brand valuation at USD2,916 million (approximately RMB21,200 million) and brand index at
492.45, Fu Shou Yuan ranked 380th on the list.

In view of the above, notwithstanding the numerous challenges posed by the economic environment this year as
well as the relatively higher comparative revenue base Last Year, the concerted efforts of our entire Group have
contributed to a total revenue of RMB2,077.5 million for the Year, representing a decrease of approximately 20.9%
from Last Year. Profit and comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the Company amounted to
RMB373.1 million, representing a decrease of approximately 52.8% compared to Last Year.

REVENUE

During the Year, our revenue decreased by RMB550.5 million or 20.9% to RMB2,077.5 million from RMB2,628.0
million of Last Year. We derive our revenue primarily from three business segments: burial services, funeral services
and other services. The following table sets forth our revenue by segment for the Year:

                                                         2024                                    2023
                                                                   % of Total                            % of Total
                                                Revenue              Revenue          Revenue              Revenue
                                              (RMB’000)                              (RMB’000)

Burial services                                1,709,205               82.3%         2,165,253              82.4%
Funeral services                                 339,191               16.3%              397,886           15.1%
Other services                                    37,436                1.8%               78,542             3.0%
Inter-segment elimination                          (8,348)             (0.4%)             (13,652)           (0.5%)


Total                                          2,077,484              100.0%         2,628,029             100.0%


BURIAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue from burial services, including revenue from the sale of
burial plots services and other burial services, for the Year:

                                                         2024                                    2023
                                                  No. of                                   No. of
                                             burial plots            Revenue        burial plots           Revenue
                                                                   (RMB’000)                             (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plot services
  Ordinary business plots                         12,569            1,523,223              16,385        1,958,344
  Public welfare plots and tomb
     relocation                                    3,935               11,545               2,393            7,011


                                                  16,504            1,534,768              18,778        1,965,355


Other burial services                                                 174,437                              199,898


Total revenue from burial services                16,504            1,709,205              18,778        2,165,253


14          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During Last Year, the accumulated and deferred market demand for burial plot services came up with higher
volumes of customers visiting our cemeteries, resulting in a swift sales rebound and a relatively higher base. During
the Year, due to the impact of the macro economic environment and related expectation, customers appeared to be
more cautious towards their consumption behaviors, which resulted in the decrease of revenue from sale of burial
plots services.

During the Year, the revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose decreased by
RMB435.1 million or 22.2% as compared to that of Last Year, and sales volume decreased by 3,816 or 23.3% while
the ASP increased by approximately 1.4 percentage points.

During the Year, sale of public welfare plots and tomb relocation recorded RMB11.5 million, which related mainly to
1) tomb relocation and construction service to meet the market demand due to certain government’s plan to
develop local infrastructure construction; and 2) public welfare plots services rendered to designated people.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue of sale of burial plots services for ordinary business
purpose from our new (i.e. those related to acquisitions/new construction) and comparable cemeteries during the
Year:

                                                          2024                                        2023
                                                     No. of                                     No. of
                                               burial plots            Revenue             burial plots           Revenue
                                                                     (RMB’000)                                  (RMB’000)

Sale of burial plots services for
    ordinary business purpose, from:
    Comparable cemeteries*                          12,440            1,517,593                16,344            1,956,707
    Cemeteries related to acquisitions/
      new construction                                 129                 5,630                    41               1,637


Total revenue from sale of burial
    plots services for ordinary
    business purpose                                12,569            1,523,223                16,385            1,958,344


*       Comparable cemeteries refer to those cemeteries owned and operated by the Group for the entire period from January 1,
        2023 to December 31, 2024.


During the Year, revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in comparable cemeteries
decreased by RMB439.1 million or 22.4% as compared to that of Last Year. Its sales volume decreased by 3,904 or
23.9%. This is because during Last Year, the accumulated and deferred market demand for burial plot services
came up with higher volumes of customers visiting our cemeteries, resulting in a swift sales rebound and a relatively
higher base; while during the Year, customers appeared to be more cautious towards their consumption behaviors,
resulting in lower confirmed sales volume. Meanwhile, the ASP of burial plots services for ordinary business
purpose in comparable cemeteries increased by 1.9% as compared to that of Last Year, due to the combined effect
of products mix and contributions from various cemeteries. Although, the sales volume of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan
reduced compared to Last Year, its higher value-added services, such as the customized products and services
have seen to continue to rise in volume. In addition, the revenue contribution from Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan have
also increased to approximately 2.3 percentage points among all the comparable cemeteries in terms of the sale of
burial plots services. Revenue from sale of burial plots services for ordinary business purpose in newly acquired or


                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024           15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

newly developed cemeteries increased by RMB4.0 million, mainly due to the contribution from the cemeteries in
Dezhou of Shandong Province which started to operate in the current year, Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and Heze of
Shandong Province which started to operate in the first half of Last Year. The ASP of burial plots sold for ordinary
business purpose in newly acquired cemeteries was lower than that of comparable cemeteries, as the cemeteries
are located at different regions with different products and services rendered and these new cemeteries need time
to improve their landscape, enhance the services, strengthen their team and upgrade the operation gradually, in
order to provide high quality services to their customers and to increase the returns to the Group. We formulated a
systematic operation improvement plan for these new projects to ensure the achievement of the above goals.
Leveraging on our advanced philosophy, extensive management experience in death care business and a strong
team of professionals, those new cemeteries are expected to achieve profitable growth in the future.

FUNERAL SERVICES

The following table sets forth the breakdown of revenue from our newly acquired/established and comparable
funeral facilities during the Year:

                                                            2024                                       2023
                                                      No. of                                      No. of
                                                 customers               Revenue             customers               Revenue
                                                                       (RMB’000)                                   (RMB’000)

Funeral services, from:
    Comparable facilities*                           62,015               332,555                71,460              395,803
    Facilities related to new
      acquisitions/new construction                   3,128                 6,636                 1,208                 2,083


Total revenue from funeral services                  65,143               339,191                72,668              397,886


*       Comparable facilities refer to those funeral facilities owned by the Group for the entire period from January 1, 2023 to
        December 31, 2024.

During the Year, revenue from funeral services decreased by RMB58.7 million or 14.8%. The volume of funeral
services decreased by 7,525 households or 10.4%, while ASP decreased by RMB269 or 4.9%. Revenue from
comparable funeral facilities and services decreased by RMB63.2 million or 16.0%. The service volume decreased
by 9,445 households or 13.2%. The aforesaid decrease was mainly due to the following combined effects: 1) during
Last Year, funeral facilities resumed to normal operation and value-added services were allowed to be performed
after the lifting of epidemic prevention and control measures, resulting in a higher comparative base; 2) since the
second half of Last Year, certain funeral projects ceased the operation upon their expiration of existing cooperation
agreements with local partners. Meanwhile, ASP of comparable funeral facilities and services decreased by
approximately 3.2% as compared to that of Last Year, mainly due to changes in sales contribution mix among the
funeral facilities. In particular, the facilities in Chongqing, which render comparatively higher value-added services,
have reported a reduction in sales volume during the Year due to fiercer local competition as well as the temporary
suspension of business operation upon office refurbishment.

During the Year, the revenue from facilities related to new acquisitions and new construction was contributed by the
facilities in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and Shenyang of Liaoning Province, which were acquired and incorporated
in June 2023 and September 2023, respectively.




16           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

Our cemeteries and funeral facilities under operation are strategically located in major cities across 17 provinces,
municipalities and autonomous regions in the PRC. The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from
burial services and funeral services by region during the Year:

                                                     2024                                   2023
                                                                  % of Total                            % of Total
                                              Revenue              Revenue            Revenue             Revenue
                                             (RMB’000)                              (RMB’000)

Shanghai                                       998,330               48.7%           1,262,184              49.2%
Anhui                                          165,791                 8.1%           166,869                6.5%
Liaoning                                       135,906                 6.6%           188,694                7.4%
Henan                                          128,421                 6.3%           164,076                6.4%
Jiangsu                                         98,578                 4.8%           117,547                4.6%
Heilongjiang                                    92,552                 4.5%            97,269                3.8%
Shandong                                        83,168                 4.1%           120,097                4.7%
Jiangxi                                         77,434                 3.8%           106,804                4.2%
Chongqing                                       64,036                 3.1%            85,853                3.3%
Fujian                                          57,784                 2.8%            64,670                2.5%
Zhejiang                                        48,491                 2.4%            56,900                2.2%
Guizhou                                         40,095                 2.0%            59,754                2.3%
Gansu                                           25,708                 1.2%            28,279                1.1%
Inner Mongolia                                  14,026                 0.7%            19,915                0.8%
Guangxi                                         13,675                 0.7%            20,887                0.8%
Shaanxi                                           3,077                0.1%             1,696                0.1%
Hubei                                             1,324                0.1%             1,645                0.1%


Total                                         2,048,396             100.0%           2,563,139            100.0%


As impacted by the higher comparative base in Last Year and the macro economic environment and related
expectation during the Year, revenue decreased in line with the reduction of the sales volume. With major
cemeteries within the region, Shanghai, Anhui and Liaoning were top three regions which contributed the most to
the Group, among which, Shanghai region accounted for 48.7% of the Group’s revenue. Anhui’s contribution to the
Group’s revenue increased by 1.6 percentage points mainly because a heavyweight cemetery has resumed normal
operations this year, leading to an increase in revenue. Liaoning’s contribution to the Group’s revenue is down 0.8
percentage points mainly because the revenue of the two local cemeteries reduced due to decline in sales volume.

OTHER SERVICES

Revenue from other services for the Year mainly represented revenue of approximately RMB23.0 million generated
from our professional design services offered to cemeteries and funeral parlours throughout the nation, revenue
from Construction Services (EPC) of RMB7.2 million, and revenue from the sale of cremation machines and other
related services of approximately RMB5.9 million.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024         17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OPERATING EXPENDITURE

The Group’s operating expenditure, which accounted for 65.8% of total revenue for the Year (Last Year: 47.8%),
increased by RMB111.8 million or 8.9%. Such increase was mainly attributable to the following combined effects: 1)
the addition of impairment of related assets in the amount of RMB127.8 million based on the evaluation and
expectation of business operating environment and operating cashflow, of which the impairment of goodwill and
related assets in connection with two cemeteries projects amounted to RMB104.2 million; 2) one-off redundancy
compensation in order to optimize and increase the human resources efficiency group-wide; 3) increased tax
expenses incurred by certain subsidiaries due to variable tax factors; 4) reduction in various operating expenditure
in line with the decrease of sales volume.

The Group’s staff costs include staff salaries, bonuses and benefits. During the Year, the staff costs decreased by
RMB19.6 million or 3.9%. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the following combined effects: 1) reduction in
salaries and bonuses in line with the decrease in sales number of cemeteries and funeral services; 2) one-off
redundancy staff compensation in the second half of the Year; 3) some maintenance work which used to be
outsourced started to be performed by the employees in certain subsidiaries; 4) the increase of staff costs from the
companies newly acquired or established since the second half of Last Year, such as Yan’an Hongfu and
Shengyang Fuyou.

The construction costs relate to the expenditures in building burial plot products (excluding stone materials). During
the Year, the construction costs decreased by RMB9.0 million or 7.3% in line with the reduced construction size in
view of the decreased sales volume, as the Group closely monitored the construction planning of the theme parks in
the cemeteries in order to optimize the construction size and increase the input-output efficiency. Meanwhile, the
Group focuses on cost invested in construction, through optimizing the vendors pool and suppliers ranking,
reducing overall procurement and engineering costs while maintaining quality and quantity, continuously improving
the return on investment in construction.

Consumed materials and goods relate to materials and goods consumed when we provide burial, funeral and other
services. They also include the materials and goods consumed when we build burial plots. During the Year, the
consumed materials and goods decreased by approximately RMB39.0 million or 20.6%, in line with the decline of
business volume of burial and funeral services. Meanwhile, the Group focuses on implementing the centralized
procurement to a larger scale and to cover more materials with a view to continuing to reduce overall purchase
costs.

Marketing and sales channel costs mainly include advertising costs, marketing costs and sales commission. During
the Year, the marketing and sales channel costs decreased by RMB7.3 million or 14.9%. Such decrease was the
combined effect of reduced sales volume, better control of marketing costs and decline of sales commission
percentage offered to the third-party sales agents.

During the Year, depreciation and amortization increased by RMB6.6 million or 3.9%, mainly due to the
commencement of full period operation of certain new cemeteries and funeral facilities.

Other general operating expenditures increased by RMB72.8 million or 42.5%, mainly due to the increased
maintenance expenses and water/electricity consumption costs as well as the increased tax expenses incurred by
certain subsidiaries due to variable tax factors and was partly offset by 1) the reduction of relevant expenditures
such as entertainment fees, travel expenses, conference expenses, transportation costs, etc. in line with the decline
of sales volume; and 2) the continued implementation of in-depth cost control measures group wide during the
Year.



18        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Impairment losses of RMB104.2 million were recognized on property and equipment, intangible assets, cemetery
assets and goodwill in connection with two cemetery projects after evaluation of their updated business
environment, projection of operating cash flow and etc. Among the aforesaid RMB104.2 million, impairment losses
of RMB60.4 million were recognized on the related assets of a cemetery located in Shandong Province whereas
impairment losses of RMB43.8 million were recognized on the related assets of a cemetery project located in
Liaoning Province.

OPERATING PROFIT AND OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN

As a result of the foregoing change of revenue and operating expenditure, our operating profit for the Year
decreased by RMB662.3 million or 48.3% as compared to that of Last Year. The following table sets forth a
breakdown of our operating profit and operating profit margin by segment for the Year:

                                                         2024                                     2023
                                                                Operating Profit                         Operating Profit
                                        Operating Profit                 Margin    Operating Profit               Margin
                                              (RMB’000)                                 (RMB’000)

Burial services                                   706,754                41.3%          1,304,277                 60.2%
Funeral services                                   28,664                 8.5%              64,413                16.2%
Other services                                    (27,425)               (73.3%)             1,847                 2.4%
Inter-segment elimination                           1,894                (22.7%)             1,662               (12.2%)


Total                                             709,887                34.2%          1,372,199                 52.2%


During the Year, the operating profit margin of burial services decreased to 41.3% from 60.2% of Last Year. The
decrease was mainly because the accumulated and deferred market demand for burial plot services was released in
Last Year, resulting in quick sales rebounds among the cemeteries to different levels, better margin and higher
comparative revenue base. However, with lower sales volume and the existence of the fixed costs (depreciation and
amortization), the operating profit margin of the burial services slided during the Year. In addition, given that two
cemetery projects’ business performance did not meet the expectation and after prudent evaluation of their
updated business environment, historical financial records as well as future market projection, impairment losses of
RMB104.2 million were recognized on the related assets of these two projects, resulting in further decline of the
operating profit margin of the burial services.

Funeral facilities started to resume normal operations during Last Year, and the increase in funeral service volume
has increased the marginal effect of sales revenue. During this Year, the service volume group wide declined on the
prior year’s higher comparative base. In addition, the facilities, which render comparatively higher value-added
services have reported a reduction in service volume during the Year. For instance, the facilities in Chongqing have
seen a decrease in service volume due to fiercer local competition as well as the temporary suspension of business
operation upon office refurbishment. The aforesaid resulted in a decline of the operating profit margin of the Group’s
funeral services.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024            19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Year, other services segment recorded an operating loss of RMB27.4 million, mainly arising from the
continued investments in the research and development of technology and products of cremation machines and Fu
Shou Cloud, which are our two strategic segments; partly offset by the construction and design services. We are
optimistic about the future of the business on our environmental-friendly cremation machines under the back-drop
of tightening of the rules and regulations on environmental protection by the government. Fu Shou Cloud focuses on
the application of technology in combined death care and “Internet + death care” services, which is an important
direction of the future development of the Group.

FINANCE COSTS

Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest expenses of RMB9.1 million (Last Year: RMB2.1 million) on
overseas bank loan designated for the purpose of dividend payout. Finance costs for the Year consisted of interest
expenses of RMB0.8 million (Last Year: RMB0.9 million) on loans from non-controlling shareholders of certain
subsidiaries, and interest expenses on lease liabilities and other long-term liabilities of RMB6.5 million (Last Year:
RMB4.4 million).

Interest expenses on loans from non-controlling shareholders represent the interest expenses of loans borrowed by
certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries from their non- controlling shareholders. These subsidiaries were jointly
invested by the Group and those non-controlling shareholders. In addition to the registered capital, our Group and
such non-controlling shareholders jointly provided funding to these subsidiaries for their land acquisition and
cemetery development via shareholders’ loan in accordance with the respective shareholding percentages. The
interests are charged based on the market rates.

OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

Other income, gains and losses for the Year mainly include interest income, government grants received, exchange
gains and losses, changes in the value of financial assets at fair value, a gain recognized by a subsidiary arising
from the receipt of a waiver of long term debt and etc. Interest income and gains from unlisted cash management
products during the Year amounted to RMB66.6 million, representing an increase of RMB9.6 million or 16.8% as
compared to Last Year; a gain of RMB43.4 million was recognized by Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan, a subsidiary of the
Group upon the agreements of some debt waivers from the creditors; government grants received for the Year was
RMB27.5 million, representing a reduction of RMB2.4 million or 8.0% compared to Last Year. Such gains were
partially offset by the total exchange loss for this year of approximately RMB15.0 million, as compared to Last
Year’s exchange gain of RMB1.6 million.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Under the EIT Law and its Implementation Regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to the tax rate of 25%
since January 1, 2008.

During the Year, income tax expenses recorded RMB313.2 million, representing a decrease of RMB142.5 million or
31.3% as compared to Last Year. The decrease is the combined effect of 1) decreased taxable income in line with
the decline of the revenue; and 2) the applicable tax rates of the withholding tax on the relevant profits remitted from
domestic subsidiaries to Group’s overseas intermediate holding company decreased to 5% since the Group
qualified for the requirements of the relevant bilateral tax agreement.




20        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

As mentioned above, our profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company for the Year
amounted to RMB373.1 million, representing a decrease of RMB418.1 million or 52.8% as compared to Last Year.

CASH FLOW

The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated statement of cash flows for the Year:

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                            (RMB’000)             (RMB’000)

Net cash generated from (used in)
— operating activities                                                                         731,628*            1,222,548*
— investing activities                                                                         107,745*              (481,796)*
— financing activities                                                                      (1,078,214)              (387,518)


Total                                                                                         (238,841)              353,234


*       A classification made by the management does not comply with International Financial Reporting Standards, however, the
        management considers this classification can better reflect the nature of the Group’s business and can make the
        information disclosed more comparable. The net cash generated from operating activities disclosed in the audited financial
        statements amounted to RMB708.5 million (Last Year: RMB1,102.9 million) and the net cash generated from investing
        activities disclosed in the audited financial statements amounted to RMB130.8 million (Last year: net cash used of
        RMB362.1 million). During the Year, an amount of RMB23.1 million (Last Year: RMB119.7 million) relating to the payment for
        cemetery land acquisition was here classified under the cash used in investing activities, instead of cash generated from
        operating activities.


We generated our cash from operating activities primarily from proceeds of our death care service businesses. Our
cash used in operating activities is primarily for the development and construction of burial plots, and other
operating expenditures, also including dividend income tax expenses paid when distributing dividends overseas.
Our net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB731.6 million for the Year, representing a
decrease of RMB490.9 million or 40.2% as compared to the same period of Last Year, which was primarily due to
the decrease in revenue, and the increased withholding tax payments arising from the dividends paid from domestic
subsidiaries to overseas intermediate holding company within the Group.

Our net cash received from investing activities amounted to RMB107.7 million during the Year. It was primarily due
to: (i) net amount of withdrawal of time deposits, entrusted loans and other financial assets of RMB169.3 million; (ii)
the interests and gains from unlisted cash management products received of RMB59.3 million; which were partially
offset by (iii) payment of RMB78.7 million for building new burial and funeral facilities and capital expenditures for
upgrades and maintenance in other cemeteries and funeral facilities; (iv) payment of RMB23.1 million for the
acquisition of cemetery lands; (v)investment in equity fund totalling RMB15.0 million; and (vi) payment of RMB4.7
million for the acquisition of operating rights of subsidiaries, cemeteries and funeral parlors as well as other
investments.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2024             21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Our net cash used in financing activities amounted to RMB1,078.2 million during the Year. It was primarily due to: (i)
final dividends for 2023 and interim dividends for 2024 as well as the special dividend paid to Shareholders in the
amount of RMB720.4 million; (ii) repayment of bank loan of RMB200.0 million; (iii) dividends paid by subsidiaries to
their non-controlling shareholders of RMB132.2 million; (iv) repayment of lease payment and other long-term
liabilities of RMB25.7 million; (v) payment of bank loan interest of RMB11.5 million; which were partially offset by (vi)
receipt of non-controlling shareholders’ investment of RMB11.0 million.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As at December 31, 2024, we had bank balances and cash of RMB2,056.6 million (December 31, 2023:
RMB2,295.5 million), time deposits of RMB188.4 million (December 31, 2023: RMB167.7 million) and unlisted cash
management products of RMB589.2 million (December 31, 2023: RMB776.5 million). Such financial assets
represent cash management products with relatively lower risk ratings, which are repayable on demand and have
maturity dates shorter than six months, or are repayable upon notice of withdrawn by the Company at its discretion.
Such assets are highly dispersed and are managed by certain state-owned banks, with expected annualized return
rates ranging from 1.38% to 3.05%. To support our expansion strategy, we hold a relatively high level of cash. In
order to moderately increase capital returns, under the premise of ensuring safety and liquidity, we have allocated a
part of treasury fund to short-term cash management products. Such products are issued and managed by
state-owned banks and have clearly-specified expected return rates, maturity dates or are immediately redeemable.
Even though the principals and return rates of such products are in theory and as stipulated, determined by
reference to the performance of the underlying assets, such as government debt instruments, treasury notes and
corporate bonds with high credit ratings, and not guaranteed by the issuing banks, they are secured in substance
considering the features and historical performance of such products and present situation of bank system in the
PRC. We internally regard our treasury fund put in such cash management products as part of our cash balance,
however, from the accounting point of view, they are classified as the financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss. In the foreseeable future, we expect to fund our capital expenditure, working capital and other capital
requirements from the cash generated from our operations, bank borrowings, and other financing channels. The
Board confirmed that the transactions in financial assets for the Year, on a standalone basis or aggregate basis, did
not constitute notifiable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

As at December 31, 2024, we had no outstanding bank borrowings.

In addition, we had RMB10.0 billion of comprehensive bank credit line as at December 31, 2024.

GEARING RATIO

Gearing ratio is total borrowings divided by total equity at the end of each financial period multiplied by 100%. Our
gearing ratio as at December 31, 2024 was 0.5% (December 31, 2023: 3.5%). Our operation has been lightly
leveraged because of our good cash generating capability from our operating activities. Although we expect that our
capital expenditure in the following years will maintain at a relatively high level, we do not anticipate our gearing ratio
will substantially increase considering the balance of bank and cash on hand. Therefore, we are exposed to limited
interest rate risk.




22          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CURRENCY RISK

The Group conducts its businesses in the PRC and its functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances
are denominated in foreign currencies, which exposed the Group to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2024,
the amount denominated in RMB, HK$, and US$ under the financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and cash
accounted for 80.3%, 18.4% and 1.3%, respectively, of the total amount of these assets. We believe the current
level of financial assets, time deposits, bank balances and certain payables denominated in foreign currencies
expose us to a limited and manageable foreign currency risk. The management controls foreign currency risk by
strictly managing the size of foreign currency risk exposure and closely observing the movement of foreign currency
rates. We may, if necessary, hedge against foreign currency risk using financial instruments.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

There were no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Group during
the Year.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not hold any significant investments (December 31, 2023: Nil).

CHARGES ON ASSETS

As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any charges over assets (December 31, 2023: Nil).

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, 2024, the Group has no specific plans for any material investments or capital assets.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As of December 31, 2024, the trustee of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme held 48,800,000 Shares purchased
from the secondary market and the above Restricted Shares have not been granted to eligible participants. There
was no grant of Restricted Shares to the eligible participants during the Year.

As at December 31, 2024, we had 2,198 full-time employees (December 31, 2023: 2,417 full-time employees). We
offer competitive packages and benefits to our staff. We also make contributions to social security insurance funds
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we provide staff training and development
programs and performance-based bonus to ensure that our employees are equipped with necessary skills and are
remunerated according to their performance.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

We contracted, but not provided in the financial statements, for capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
subsidiaries, land use rights, other investments, cemetery assets and property and equipment in a total amount of
approximately RMB48.2 million as at December 31, 2024.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024          23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CEMETERY LANDS AVAILABLE

The saleable area for burial plots was approximately 2.83 million sq.m. as at December 31, 2024 (December 31,
2023: approximately 2.85 million sq.m.), which is sufficient to satisfy the needs of the Group’s sustainable operation
in the long run. When we determine the saleable area of each cemetery, we have already estimated and excluded
those areas not for construction of tombs, such as the areas in connection with business centres, office buildings,
landscaping and main roads. Such estimation may be updated from time to time as our development plan may be
improved from time to time.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2024, we had no contingent liabilities.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There was no significant event that might affect the Group subsequent to the Year.

PROSPECTS

Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach the goal to carrying
memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient, environmental protection, warm
service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the industry reform and improve the
service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external
development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care
industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high quality death care services. We will
push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death
care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours. We will
actively transform from a death care service provider to a death care and life technology service provider, with the
aim of offering high-quality life services and technology-driven commemorative services, promoting industry change
and advancing social civilization.

Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort to promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promoting growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our Shareholders with the best returns.




24        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), aged 67, is the chairman, an executive Director and the chairman of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Bai is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Bai
has been the chairman of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan since 1996. He has also been the president and chairman of
Zhongfu since 1996. Mr. Bai is the director of each of Zhongfu and Shanghai Zhongfu. Mr. Bai has been a director
of Perfect Score since November 2015 and a director of Alliance Rise since May 2015. He is also the chairman of
Chongqing FSY Group. He acted as one of the promoters of each of NGO 1 and NGO 2. Mr. Bai has more than 27
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the Group for 27 years. Mr. Bai
had recognized accomplishments through his holding of senior engineering and business positions in the PRC, such
as his senior role in the construction of the Lupu bridge in Shanghai. Mr. Bai is also a member of the 6th, 7th and
8th central committee of the China Democratic National Construction Association (中國民主建國會) and a member
of the 8th, 9th, 10th and the 12th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Shanghai. Currently, Mr. Bai is
the thirteenth vice president of the Shanghai General Chamber of Commerce, the vice president of the Hong Kong
China Chamber of Commerce, the executive chairman of the Hong Kong-Mainland International Investment Society,
an executive council member of China Charity Federation and an executive council member of China Society for
Promotion of the Guangcai Program.

Mr. Bai served as a general manager in China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企業華東公司), the
predecessor of Zhongfu, during the period from 1990 to 1995. Mr. Bai was a technician, manager of the technology
department, assistant to general manager, vice general manager and general manager of China Kanghua Industrial
Co., Ltd.* (中國康華實業有限公司), the predecessor of China Welfare Enterprise (Huadong) Company* (中國福利企
業 華 東 公 司), between 1987 and 1990. Mr. Bai was awarded a bachelor’s degree in computer science by the
Shanghai Second Polytechnic University in 1986.

Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (談理安), aged 60, is the vice-chairman and an executive Director. Mr. Tan is responsible for
the overall strategic planning and business development of the Group. Mr. Tan was a director of Shanghai Fu Shou
Yuan from December 2006 to December 2017, a director of Hefei Dashushan Co. from December 2006 to February
2014 and the vice chairman of Chongqing FSY Group from May 2011 to September 2014. Mr. Tan was a director of
FSG Holding from December 2011 to August 2014.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tan had served as the director and the chief operation officer of the paper packaging
division of Pacific Millennium Group* (國際濟豐集團) since he joined the group in 1989. He also served as the chief
executive officer of a joint venture company jointly owned by Pacific Millennium Group and International Paper
Company between March 2001 and July 2005.

Mr. Tan graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor’s degree in physical sciences in August
1986 and received a master’s degree in business administration from University of Southern California in August
1987.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024          25
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王計生), aged 72, is an executive Director and the chief executive of our Group. Mr. Wang is
responsible for the overall management and business operation and strategic planning and business development
of the Group. Mr. Wang was the managing director of Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan between 1996 and 2019. He is also
the president of Shanghai FSY Corporate Management Consultancy. He acted as one of the promoters of NGO 2.
Mr. Wang has more than 30 years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC and has served the
Group for more than 30 years.

Mr. Wang has been a lecturer of courses organized by China Funeral Association for the senior management of
cemeteries since 1999. Prior to that he was appointed as the deputy general manager of Zhongfu in 1991. Mr. Wang
worked as a teacher in the Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1991. Mr. Wang was a teacher
and counselor at local schools in Jiqing, Anhui between 1971 and 1980.

Mr. Wang is a renowned figure in the PRC death care services industry. Mr. Wang served as the Vice President of
the China Funeral Association from 2012 to 2025. Mr. Wang has completed the Senior Executive Program
organized by the Faculty of Business Administration of the National University of Singapore in November 2001 and
the China CEO Management Innovation Executive Program organized by Shanghai Jiaotong University in August
2004. Mr. Wang was awarded as the national honorary model of labour in April 2015.

Mr. Wang has been an independent non-executive director of Pacific Millennium Packaging Group Corporation
(SEHK stock code: 1820) since December 2018.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), aged 75, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Lu is a senior engineer. He has more than 29
years of experience in the death care services industry in the PRC.

Since 2001, he serves as the director and general manager of Shanghai Nam Kwong Petro-Chemical Co., Ltd.
Between 1991 and 2001, he was deputy general manager of Zhongfu, chairman and general manager of China
Zhongfu Petrochemical Industry Co., Ltd.* (上 海 中 福 石 油 化 工 實 業 有 限 公 司), and vice chairman and general
manager of Shanghai Zhongfu International Trading Co., Ltd. From 1986 to 1990, he was general manager of
Shanghai Exhibition Centre Co., Ltd.* (上海展覽中心友聯公司).

From 1973 to 1985, Mr. Lu worked at the science and technology division, the information data department and the
equipment supply department of Shanghai Petrochemical Company Ltd., and held the positions of a deputy
secretary and the secretary to the Party Committee.

Mr. Lu graduated from Shanghai University of Engineering Science with a higher certificate in sales and exhibition in
June 1990.




26        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, aged 66, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Huang has been a general manager of
Chongqing Stone Tan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. since April 2015 and had been the chief financial officer of Big
Earth Publishing, Boulder, Colorado, since 2011 up to October 31, 2014. Prior to those, Mr. Huang served in various
senior management positions within Pacific Millennium Holding Corporation. Prior to joining Pacific Millennium
Holding Corporation, Mr. Huang served as corporate accounting manager at Electronic Data Systems in Dallas,
Texas, from 1984 to 1987. He had also served as president of Energy System International, Beijing from 2003 to
2006; member of the board between 1994 and 2000 and subsequently elected as chairman of the board between
1999 and 2000 for Millennium Bank, San Francisco, California.

Mr. Huang graduated from McMaster University in Canada with a bachelor’s degree in Economics in May 1982. He
also completed an advanced management program sponsored by the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) in March 1999. Mr. Huang has been a qualified certified public accountant in Texas (U.S.A.)
since January 1989. Mr. Huang is currently not a practicing certified public accountant.

Ms. Zhou Lijie (周立杰), aged 50, is a non-executive Director. Ms. Zhou has over 24 years of work experience in the
investment industry. Ms. Zhou is currently the investment director of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (陽光
資產管理股份有限公司). From 2001 to 2009, Ms. Zhou served as research supervisor of Beijing HaiWen Consultants
Co., Ltd.* (北京海問諮詢有限公司). From 2009 to 2020, Ms. Zhou successively served as deputy director of the
Asset Management Center of Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* (陽 光 保 險 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司), and senior
research manager, assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager of the research
department of Sunshine Asset Management Co., Ltd.

Ms. Zhou obtained a bachelor’ degree in investment economics from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in
1998 and a master’ degree in financial management from Tianjin University of Commerce (天津商學院) in 2001.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Luo Zhuping (羅 祝 平), aged 73, is an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee. Mr. Luo has held various positions in China Eastern Airlines (中國東方航空公司) since
1988. He served as the deputy chief and then chief of the enterprise management department of China Eastern
Airlines from 1992 to 1997 and the deputy head of the share system office from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Luo served as the
board secretary of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited (SEHK stock code: 670) for 15 years from December
1996 to April 2012. He became a director of the China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited from June 2004 to June
2013.

Mr. Luo graduated from the Faculty of Philosophy of Anhui Labor University (安徽勞動大學) in August 1979 and the
Faculty of Law of Anhui University (安 徽 大 學) in July 1986. Mr. Luo pursued a postgraduate master’s degree
majoring in global economics at the Economics Department of Eastern China Normal University (華 東 師 範 大 學)
between 1992 and April 1994. In September 1998, he participated in an Executive Study Tour organized in the U.S.
by the State Economic and Trade Commission (國家經濟貿易委員會) and Morgan Stanley. He also completed a
CEIBS-Wharton Joint Program in Corporate Governance and Board of Directors in August 2008. Mr. Luo holds an
independent director certificate issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in April 2012 and a corporate governance
certificate issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors in November 2004.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024        27
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Ho Man (何敏), aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director and the chairman of the Audit Committee.
Mr. Ho has over 26 years of working experience in private equity investment and finance and is currently the
managing director of an investment holding company. Prior to that, Mr. Ho served as an executive partner
representative of a Chengdu-based private equity investment fund from December 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Ho
worked for a Hong Kong-based private fund management company during January 2010 to December 2013 and
was the managing director and head of China growth and expansion capital of CLSA Capital Partners from August
1997 to October 2009.

Mr. Ho served as an independent non-executive director of Magnus Concordia Group Limited (SEHK stock code:
1172) from January 2018 to August 2022; an independent non-executive director of Wanjia Group Holdings Limited
(SEHK stock code: 401) from February 2018 to April 2024 and an independent non-executive director of Grand
Ocean Advanced Resources Company Limited (SEHK stock code: 65) from January 2020 to April 2024. All of the
companies mentioned above are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Ho was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua University and a
master’s degree in finance from the London Business School. He is also a President of the Hong Kong Institute of
Chartered Financial Analysts, a certified public accountant, a private equity M&A investor, a university lecturer, and a
columnist. Under the pseudonym “Alvin Ho” (艾雲豪), he has written books such as “Superstar Economics”, “Who
Stole the Red Devils?” and “RISE FROM CRISES”.

Ms. Liang Yanjun (梁艷君), aged 41, is an independent non-executive Director and chairman of the Compliance
Committee. Ms. Liang has over 18 years of experience in legal service and many years of relevant experience in
securities and capital markets. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Liang worked as legal assistant in Beijing Zhongke
Fuqiao Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京中科富橋科技有限公司) from August 2006 to November 2007, CEO assistant in
Global Energy Investment Co., Ltd.* (環球能源投資有限公司) from December 2007 to February 2009, assistant of the
minister in exchange department of China Center for International Economic Exchanges* (中國國際經濟交流中心)
from March 2009 to February 2010, a lawyer in Beijing Jingtian & Gongcheng* (北京市競天公誠律師事務所) from
December 2010 to May 2016, lawyer and kernel group member in Beijing Maode Attorneys At Law* (北京懋德律師
事 務 所) from 2016 to March 2019, an independent non-executive director in Shanghai Dongzheng Automotive
Finance Co., Ltd.* (上海東正汽車金融股份有限公司) (SEHK stock code: 2718) from August 2018 to April 2024, a
partner-level lawyer in B&D Law Firm* (北斗鼎銘律師事務所) from April 2019 to August 2019 and a partner-level
lawyer in Javy Lawyers* (北京嘉維律師事務所) from September 2019 to present.

Ms. Liang obtained a bachelor’s degree in the science of law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國 政 法 大 學) in June 2005. She received her lawyer’s practicing certificate of the PRC granted by the Ministry of
Justice of the PRC in March 2011. She was awarded the Qualifications for Directors of Non-bank Financial
Institutions in August 2018 and received the Qualification of Independent Directors issued by the Shanghai Stock
Exchange in November 2018.




28        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Chen Xin (陳欣), aged 49, is the independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen has over 24 years of experience
in finance and investment industries. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Chen successively served as assistant trade service
manager, assistant banking services manager and project finance executive in The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Limited. From 2002 to 2011, Mr. Chen successively served as associate and vice president of
the corporate finance group of the investment banking division and executive director of the Asian Special
Situations Group (ASSG) in Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Mr. Chen served as head of China in Permira Advisors
(Asia) Limited from 2011 to 2014, served as founding partner of Fides Capital Investors I, L.P. from 2014 to 2017,
served as head of direct investment in CMBC Capital Holdings Limited from 2017 to 2018, served as a partner,
managing director and head of private equity investment in Ally Bridge Group from 2018 to February 2020, served
as the president of Fosun Capital Flagship Fund and head of investment in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
Bay Are from February 2020 to July 2023, served as the General Manager of Strategic Capital at Fosun Group from
July 2023 to July 2024.

Mr. Chen served as non-executive director of Cosmo Lady (China) Holdings Company Limited (SEHK stock code:
2298) from February 2022 to October 2022, and served as non-executive director of Beijing Airdoc Technology Co.,
Ltd. (SEHK stock code: 2251) from May 2022 to December 2023.

Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of arts in Finance from Fudan University in 1997, a master’s degree in
Economics from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 2000 and a master’s degree in business
administration from The Yale School of Management, major in finance and business strategy, in 2002, respectively.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生) is our executive Director and the chief executive of the Group. For Mr. Wang’s
biography, see “Executive Directors” above.

Mr. Ma Jianting, Sam (馬劍亭), aged 44, is our chief financial officer. He has over 21 years of work experience in
finance and auditing, and has extensive experience in financial management, internal control and auditing and
merger and acquisition. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ma had served in various positions in China Minsheng
Investment Group Corp., Ltd. (“China Minsheng Investment Group”) and its subsidiaries or the companies it has
invested in, including acting as a non-executive director and member of the audit committee, investment committee
and remuneration committee of China Medical & HealthCare Group Limited (SEHK stock code: 383) from August
2019 to June 11, 2020; the head of finance team of China Minsheng Investment Group from October 2019 to May
2020; the chief financial officer of CMIG Asia Asset Management Co., Ltd. from July 2017 to May 2020; a
non-executive director of China Minsheng Financial Holding Corporation Limited (now known as China Vered
Financial Holding Corporation Limited) (SEHK stock code: 245) from November 2017 to February 2019; and a senior
manager of the finance and accounting department of China Minsheng Investment Group from June 2017 to July
2017. From September 2003 to May 2017, he worked in the audit department in Shanghai office of Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP and his last position was an audit senior manager, during which from September 2008 to March
2010, he was assigned to Manchester office of Ernst & Young (United Kingdom) as an audit executive.

Mr. Ma obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in English (Finance and Business) from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in June
2003, and holds the qualification of PRC Certified Public Accountant (CICPA).




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024         29
PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Zhu Qiming (祝启銘), aged 37, is our secretary to the Board, joint company secretary and the general manager
of the board secretary office of the Company (the “Board Secretary Office”). He joined the Company since 2011.
From 2011 to 2014, he worked successively in the marketing department, brand management department, office of
the general manager and initial public offering preparatory team of the Group. From 2014 to 2022, he served
successively as the supervisor of the Board Secretary Office, manager and the assistant to general manager of the
Board Secretary Office. Mr. Zhu is responsible for the capital market management, investor relationship
management, information disclosure, corporate governance and corporate structure management of the Company.
Mr. Zhu obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University (上 海 大 學) in 2010, obtained an
Occupational Qualification Certificate of cemetery manager (墓 園 管 理 員) issued by the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security of The People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in 2011,
completed an advanced seminar on business administration and big data industry (工商管理與大數據產業高級研修
班) at Shanghai Jiao Tong University Education Group (上海交通大學教育集團) in 2018, obtained a qualification
certificate of board secretary issued by Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所) in 2021, he became a fellow
member of The Institute of Public Accountants, Australia and a fellow member of The Institute of Financial
Accountants, United Kingdom in 2024. Mr. Zhu won the “Best Secretary of the Year 2023” awarded by “Ju Dong
Mi” (聚董秘) in 2023, won the Annual Outstanding Board Secretary Award of the Sixth Golden Award and the ESG
Excellence Leadership Award in 2024.




30        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board presents the directors’ report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company and its subsidiaries are mainly engaged in the provision of burial services and funeral services. The
Group’s subsidiaries also carry on provision of designing services for cemeteries and funeral parlours,
manufacturing of cremation devices and sales and after-sales service of cremation devices. Details of the
subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 43 to the financial statements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 62 of this Annual Report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The financial summary of the Group between 2020 and 2024 is set out on page 161 in the section “Financial
Summary” of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group realized the sale of 16,504 tombs and provided funeral
services to 65,143 customers and recorded total revenue of RMB2,077.5 million, made a net profit totalling
RMB497.3 million, and net profit attributable to our shareholders of RMB373.1 million.

As at December 31, 2024, we operated 34 cemeteries, and 31 funeral facilities throughout the PRC. Our business
coverage has expanded to over 40 cities across 19 provinces, autonomous regions or municipalities in China. The
expanding business footprints lay a good foundation for our future development.

For more details of the business development and performance of the Group for the Year, please refer to the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report. The above section forms part of this
report.

Principal risks and uncertainties

As the death care industry in China is originated from a long cultural history, it features a geographically distinctive
and traditional operation model. The conventions of such industry are now facing challenging innovation and the
maturity of relevant regulations remains to be seen while the world keeps progressing and updating. In a leading
position of China’s death care industry, the Group is committed to leading the modernization reform of the death
care business in China so as to reduce the risk arising from outdated regulations for the industry.

The death care industry in China, subject to the strict requirement of relevant regulations imposed by the
government, is a highly regulated industry. There are strict restrictions on licenses and land supply which pose risks
and uncertainties on the Group’s business expansion.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

One of the important strategies of the Group is to accomplish business expansion through mergers and
acquisitions. However, the success of such strategy depends on a number of uncertainties, which mainly include:
whether the acquired targets have any hidden debts and unknown potential litigations, whether we can integrate the
acquired targets properly and enhance their value added, and whether there are sufficient skilled and qualified
managerial personnel to satisfy the market needs during our expansion.

Requirements and restrictions still exist in China on fund flow under capital accounts, which may affect the Group’s
flexibility to make use of global funds to implement business expansion and our ability to distribute dividends to
foreign investors.

For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the Prospectus. For risks of
climate change, please refer to the 2024 Sustainability Report published separately by the Company.

Events occurred since the end of the financial year

For details of the events occurred since the end of the financial year of the Group, please refer to the section
headed “Events after the Year” of the section “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this Annual Report.

Future development

For more than a decade since its listing, the Group has been striving to consolidate its leading position in the death
care industry in China through its operation strategies.

Looking ahead, we will strive to explore a new development model of the industry, reach the goal to carrying
memory and emotion by the Internet technology and building the wisdom, efficient, environmental protection, warm
service system, inject new connotation into the industry, continue to lead the industry reform and improve the
service level. We will adhere to our strategy of expansion, look for suitable growth opportunities, strive for external
development and business chain perfecting, consolidate the highly disintegrated resources of the PRC’s death care
industry, and boost our market share to cater for more people’s need for high quality death care services. We will
push for the implementation of all the signed projects. Leveraging our advanced philosophy and expertise in death
care business, we will consolidate newly acquired businesses and raise their standards on a par with ours. We will
actively transform from a death care service provider to a death care and life technology service provider, with the
aim of offering high-quality life services and technology-driven commemorative services, promoting industry
change, and advancing social civilization.

Meanwhile, we will strive to make our cremation machine business become an important segment of the Group’s
business. With much effort in promoting pre-need business with the pre-need contract business as the core and
innovative ideas in our collaboration with local governments, we will strive to increase the percentage of our funeral
services in the Group’s business and the scale of professional design business, and foster the integration of the
Internet to improve service contents and accessibility and formulate our plan for the business of death care related
consumables. Last but not least, while promoting growth in various business segments, we will strive for a balance
between short-term interest and long-term value, expand our business at a more steady and sustainable pace, and
stay focused on managing Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, with a view to
consistently rewarding our investors with the best returns.




32         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Environmental policies and performance

The Group has always adhered to the sustainable development philosophy of “transforming cemeteries into parks,
farewells into beautiful moments and ceremony into commemoration” and is committed to making breakthroughs in
ideas, products, services, culture, art, science and technology, integrating the concept of green, ecology, art,
humanities into funeral culture, guiding the death care service return to the cultural essence of emotional needs,
promoting Chinese traditional culture, leading the development and reform of China’s modern death care industry.

The Group engaged in assistance and poverty alleviation in many regions and relied on public welfare foundation to
shoulder social responsibility and create social value. We always keep in mind that today’s peace comes from
predecessors’ efforts. The Group sees their spirits as cultural inheritance and imbeds into education campaigns
organized by us. Also, we combine the life and emotion to build a long-term social value.

We value the Company’s talents development, safeguard their rights and interests, and create a green and sound
work environment to prevent our staff’s rights and interests from being infringed. Moreover, we provide well-
established training systems for staff and cultivate a united work team. Focusing on the promotion of concepts and
ideas, Fu Shou Yuan continuously deepens its communication with global peer workers for cultural exchange.
Meanwhile, we attract more social talents and young people to join us.

We actively respond to the national “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” goals, systematically conduct carbon
inventory work, and have successively obtained “carbon neutral” certifications. We promote the development of
stone-reducing and ecological land-saving burials, advocate smoke-free cemeteries and green memorial practices,
and construct century-lasting ecological cemeteries using resource-saving and environment-friendly materials and
processes.

We prioritize inheritance, saving and efficiency as key point for future development of life service industry. Following
the philosophy of conserving lands, promoting livelihood and commemorating and inheriting, we explore new
continuation methods for spiritual life value and map out a blueprint for sustainable development. Going forward, we
will continue to promote the understanding of the concept of life service among our staff and customers, fulfilling
business, industrial, social, historical and public responsibilities and provide premium life service.

Fu Shou Yuan was awarded AA rating in MSCI ESG rating, taking a leading position among its peers in the globe.
Furthermore, we have been consistently selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability
Benchmark Index, fully demonstrating Fu Shou Yuan’s wide recognition in sustainable development.

Please refer to the 2024 Sustainability Report of the Company published separately for more details of the Group’s
sustainability policy and performance.

Compliance with the relevant laws and regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements. The Group has set up various
internal control systems and allocated human resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations,
and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators through effective communications. During the Year, to
the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with all of the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and
Hong Kong, including but not limited to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571), the Listing Rules and the Regulations on Funeral and Interment
Control.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024         33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Relationships with stakeholders

The Group’s success also depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise our employees,
customers, suppliers, regulators and shareholders.

Employees

Our success depends on our qualified and skilled employees and we believe employees are the most valuable
resource and wealth of the Group. Our Group adheres to the value of people orientation and our goal is to
constantly maximize our employee value and enterprise value. Therefore, we developed a set of internal training
programs and provide a wide range of education and development opportunities for our employees. The Group also
provides competitive remuneration package to attract and motivate the employees. Performance appraisal and
interview is held for reviewing the remuneration package of employees and making necessary adjustments to
conform to the market standard. We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019
to provide incentive or reward to eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or
potential contribution to the Group. As at December 31, 2024, we had 2,198 full-time employees (December 31,
2023: 2,417).

Customers

The Group attaches extremely great importance to customer services and is committed to providing quality services
and products to our customers while maintaining long-term business growth. We conduct monthly call-back
interviews for customer satisfactory survey and made summary and analysis of customer opinions and provides
feedback to our customer after internal communication. We recognize the important role of customers in our
success and will continue to enhance the quality of our services and products.

Suppliers

Our suppliers mainly include tombstone producers, landscaping companies and so forth. Our Group has a complete
set of purchasing system with regard to suppliers, in order to safeguard the interests of our Group as well as giving
an impetus to suppliers. Evaluation is conducted on suppliers to define the service scope and responsible person of
each suppliers, and guarantees the product and service quality and interests of suppliers. Our Group established
our “Environment and Labor System for Suppliers” in 2016 and has implemented in 2017, in order to improve the
screening standard on suppliers and join hands with them for common growth.

Regulators

The Group operates in the death care sector which is regulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC and other
relevant regulators. The Group maintains cordial working relationships with regulators through effective
communications and ensures compliance with rules and regulations.

Shareholders

One of the Group’s objectives is to enhance corporate value to our Shareholders. We are poised to foster business
development for achieving sustainability of earning growth and reward our Shareholders by stable dividend payouts
taking into account liquidity positions and business expansion needs of the Group.

For more details of the relationship with stakeholders of the Group, please refer to the 2024 Sustainability Report of
the Company published separately.




34          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK9.54 cents per Share for the year ended December
31, 2024 (2023: HK6.86 cents per Share). The final dividend will be payable on Friday, June 27, 2025, subject to the
approval of the Shareholders at the AGM. The final dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names
appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, June 17, 2025. Subject to
the Companies Act, through a general meeting we may declare dividends in any currency but no dividend shall be
declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends
may be declared and paid out of our profit, realized or unrealized, or from any reserve of our Company lawfully
available for distribution including share premium.

On January 24, 2025, the Board declared a special dividend (the “Special Dividend”) of HK$38.82 per Share to be
paid in three tranches: 1) the Special Dividend of HK17.24 cents per Share is expected to be payable on Friday,
April 25, 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of
business on Friday, April 11, 2025 (“Payment I”), 2) the Special Dividend of HK10.79 cents per Share is expected to
be payable on Friday, July 25, 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company at the close of business on Tuesday, July 15, 2025 (“Payment II”), 3) the Special Dividend of HK10.79
cents per Share is expected to be payable on Friday, October 31, 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear
on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, October 16, 2025 (“Payment III”).
For more details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated January 24, 2025.

We also intended to distribute to our shareholders no less than 35% of our net distributable profit since the year
ended June 30, 2022 and for each fiscal year thereafter. However, we will re-evaluate our dividend policy annually.

CLOSURES OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Monday, May 19, 2025 to Thursday, May 22, 2025, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the AGM, all
transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on
Friday, May 16, 2025.

For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the transfer books and register of members of the
Company will be closed from Friday, June 13, 2025 to Tuesday, June 17, 2025, both days inclusive. During the
above period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed final
dividend, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share
certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in
Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, June 12, 2025.

For information of the closure of register of members for the Payment I, Payment II and Payment III, please refer to
the announcement of the Company dated January 24, 2025.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 43 to the audited consolidated financial statements.



                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024          35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For the year ended December 31, 2024, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 27.4%
(2023: 26.2%) of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from our single largest supplier accounted for 6.9%
(2023: 9.1%) of the Group’s total purchases.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the combined revenue from the five largest customers did not exceed
30% of the total revenue of the Group.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interests in the Group’s five largest suppliers
and customers.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2024 are set
out in Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in
Note 33 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

RESERVES

Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 66 of this Annual Report and Notes 34 and
45 to the audited consolidated financial statements respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, as at December 31, 2024, are set out in Note 45 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

BORROWINGS

As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any bank borrowings (December 31, 2023: RMB200 million).

TAXATION

If Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the
exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their tax adviser.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the Year. There are no treasury Shares held by the Company
(whether held directly or deposited in the Central Clearing and Settlement System or otherwise) as at December 31,
2024 and the date of this Annual Report.




36         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, or the law of Cayman Islands being
the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares
on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group made approximately RMB1.75 million charitable and other
donations.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this Annual Report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

The biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this Annual Report.

In accordance with Article 108 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Huang James
Chih-Cheng and Mr. Chen Xin shall retire by rotation at the AGM and, being eligible, have offered themselves for
re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
each of such service agreements may be terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either
party on the other.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years. Each of such appointments may be terminated by
not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than the normal statutory compensation.

                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024          37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/
her independence pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the
independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for as disclosed under the section headed “Permitted Indemnity Provision” in this Annual Report, no
transaction, arrangement and contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies or
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2024 or at any
time during the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, no contract of significance between the Company, or
any of its subsidiaries, and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was made.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

During the year ended December 31, 2024, none of the Directors nor their respective associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules) had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

TAX RELIEF

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2024.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

In compliance with the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate
remuneration policies. Directors’ remuneration is subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other
emoluments are determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, the
recommendations of the Remuneration Committee and the performance and results of the Group. No Director, or
any of their respective associates, was involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December
31, 2024 are set out in Note 9 to the audited consolidated financial statements.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
financial year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal
actions against its Directors and officers.




38         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save for the Share Option Scheme and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company as set out in this Annual
Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December
31, 2024.

RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

We have adopted the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or reward to
eligible participants including directors and employees for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
As at each of January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, the trustee of the Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme held
48,800,000 shares while no Restricted Shares were granted under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme. As at
each of January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, the number of Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) available for
grant under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is 67,444,812 Shares, representing approximately 2.9% of the
total issued shares of the Company. As at December 31, 2024, the total number of shares available for issue under
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme was 18,644,812, representing approximately 0.8% of the issued Shares as
at the date of this report.

The Board may, at its sole discretion, determine which eligible participant(s) shall be entitled to receive grants of
Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, together with the number of shares to which each
selected participant shall be entitled, and make the relevant grant of Restricted Shares to the selected participants
under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme subject to such conditions as the Board may deem appropriate at its
discretion.

Any proposed grant of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme to any connected
person in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries must be approved by the independent non-executive
directors of the Company (except where such connected person is an independent non-executive director of the
Company, in which case such director shall abstain from such approval process) and in accordance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules, including but not limited to chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (including seeking
independent shareholders’ approval).

Vesting shall only occur upon satisfaction (or where applicable, wavier by the Board) of the conditions imposed by
the Board.

The Board or person(s) to which the Board delegated its authority may either (a) direct and procure the trustee to
release from the trust the Restricted Shares to the selected participants by transferring the number of Restricted
Shares to the selected participants in such manner as determined by the Board from time to time; or (b) to the
extent that, at the determination of the Board or its delegate(s), it is not practicable for the selected participants to
receive the Restricted Shares in shares solely due to legal or regulatory restrictions with respect to the selected
participant’s ability to receive the Restricted Shares in shares or the trustee’s ability to give effect to any such
transfer to the selected participant, the Board or its delegate(s) will direct and procure the trustee to sell, on the
market at the prevailing market price or, if appropriate, at a price no more than the maximum price specified by the
Company, the number of Restricted Shares so vested in respect of the selected participant and pay the selected
participant the proceeds in cash arising from such sale based on the actual selling price of such Restricted Shares.

The Restricted Share Incentive Scheme commences on the adoption date, i.e., November 29, 2019, and remains
valid and effective unless and until being terminated upon the expiry of the period of ten (10) years from such date,
unless terminated earlier by a resolution of the Board.



                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024           39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

For more details, please refer to our announcement dated November 29, 2019.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, no Restricted Share were granted, vested, cancelled or lapsed under
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, and no unvested Restricted Share were available under the Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme.

The Share Option Scheme of the Company adopted on December 3, 2013 had been expired on December 3, 2023.
The Company did not adopt any new share option schemes during the year ended December 31, 2024 and had no
outstanding options.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the
register referred to therein; or (b) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code, were as follows:

(i)   Interest in the Shares

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                             the issued share
                                                                          Nature of          Number of           capital of the
      Name of Directors                Capacity                           Interest                Shares             Company
      Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                Beneficiary of a trust (Note 1)    Long position       96,600,000                 4.16%
                                       Beneficial owner                   Long position       10,453,452                 0.45%
      Mr. Wang Jisheng                 Beneficiary of a trust (Note 2)    Long position       96,600,000                 4.16%
                                       Beneficial owner                   Long position          453,452                 0.02%
      Mr. Tan Leon Li-an               Beneficial owner                   Long position          900,000                 0.04%
      Mr. Lu Hesheng                   Interest in a controlled           Long position       27,600,000                 1.19%
                                         corporation (Note 3)
      Mr. Huang James                  Beneficial owner                   Long position          400,000                 0.02%
           Chih-Cheng

      Notes:

      1.       Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is interested in the entire issued share capital of Wish and Catch, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, of
               which Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is a beneficiary.

      2.       Mr. Wang Jisheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Peaceful Field, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 4.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. These shares are held indirectly under a trust, of
               which Mr. Wang Jisheng is a beneficiary.

      3.       Mr. Lu Hesheng is interested in the entire issued share capital of Grand Fire, which in turn is interested in
               approximately 1.19% of the issued share capital of the Company.




40          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited              Annual Report 2024
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(ii)      Interest in underlying Shares of share options

          As at year ended December 31, 2024, neither the Directors nor chief executive of the Company (including their
          spouses and children under 18 years of age) had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
          shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
          the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to
          the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at December 31, 2024, so far as the Directors were aware, the Substantial Shareholders, other than the Directors
or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                                                                                      the issued
                                                                                                                    share capital
                                                                               Nature of                 No. of            of the
Name of Substantial Shareholders Capacity                                      Interest                 Shares         Company
FSG Holding                                      Beneficial owner              Long position      320,360,000              13.81%
Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as                Founder of a discretionary    Long position      320,360,000              13.81%
   “Tan Chih Chun”)                                 trust (Note 1)
Perfect Score                                    Beneficial owner              Long position      483,000,000              20.82%
Alliance Rise                                    Interest in a controlled      Long Position      483,000,000              20.82%
                                                    corporation (Note 2)
Zhongfu                                          Interest in a controlled      Long position      483,000,000              20.82%
                                                    corporation (Note 3)
Hongfu                                           Interest in a controlled      Long position      483,000,000              20.82%
                                                    corporation (Note 4)
NGO 1                                            Interest in a controlled      Long position      483,000,000              20.82%
                                                    corporation (Note 5)
NGO 2                                            Interest in a controlled      Long position      483,000,000              20.82%
                                                    corporation (Note 6)
Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd.*               Beneficial owner (Note 7)     Long position      151,482,000                6.53%
  (陽光人壽保險股份有限公司)
Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd.* Interest in a controlled                   Long position      151,482,000                6.53%
  (陽光保險集團股份有限公司)                       corporation (Note 7)

*      The English translation is for identification purpose only

Notes:

1.        Mr. Tan Tize Shune (also known as “Tan Chih Chun”), the father of Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, is entitled to exercise or control the
          exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at general meetings of FSG Holding through (i) being a settlor of a trust,
          which in turn is interested in the entire issued share capital of Pacific Millennium Investment Corporation, the largest
          shareholder of FSG Holding; and (ii) being a settlor of another trust, which in turn is interested in the entire issued share
          capital of Fast Answer Limited, the third largest shareholder of FSG Holding. Together, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is interested in
          an aggregate of 48.15% of the issued share capital of FSG Holding. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Tize Shune is deemed or taken to
          be interested in approximately 13.81% of the issued share capital of the Company in which FSG Holding is interested in.


                                                 Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024              41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2.      Perfect Score is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise and Alliance Rise is deemed or taken to be interested in
        approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

3.      Alliance Rise is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu and Zhongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in
        approximately 20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

4.      Zhongfu is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongfu and Hongfu is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        20.82% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

5.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 1 as to 50% and NGO 1 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

6.      Hongfu is owned by NGO 2 as to 50% and NGO 2 is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately 20.82% of the issued
        share capital of the Company in which Perfect Score is interested in.

7.      Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is interested in approximately 99.99% of the issued share capital of Sunshine Life
        Insurance Co., Ltd. and therefore Sunshine Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is deemed or taken to be interested in approximately
        6.53% of the issued share capital of the Company in which Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is interested in.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, so far was known to the Directors, no other persons (other than
the Directors or chief executives) had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year ended December 31, 2024 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18
years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its
holding companies or any of subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the
Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body
corporate.

EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in Note 40 to the audited consolidated
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained the public float as required by the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31,
2024.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

(1)     Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限
        公 司) (“Chongqing Guolong”) and Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan entered into a loan agreement on November 28,
        2017, pursuant to which Chongqing Guolong provided a shareholder loan to Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The loan
        were extended in 2024 and they are due within one year from the extension date. As at December 31, 2024,
        the loan remaining outstanding amounted to approximately RMB18.52 million. The interest rate is
        approximately 4.35% per annum.




42           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2024
                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The reason for entering into the shareholder’s loan with Chongqing Guolong (the “Loan”) was to fund the
     cemetery development. In considering the funding requirement, Chongqing Guolong, a shareholder of Xiyuan
     Fu Shou Yuan, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, provided their funding to
     Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan by way of the shareholder’s loan based on the respective shareholding percentages in
     addition to the registered capital.

     Chongqing Guolong is a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level as it is a substantial
     shareholder of Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan and owns 49% equity interest in Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan. The Loan
     constituted a continuing connected transaction.

     The Directors are of the view that the Loan, being a form of financial assistance (as defined under the Listing
     Rules), was provided by Chongqing Guolong for our benefit on normal commercial terms where no security
     over the Company’s assets was granted in respect of the Loan. The Loan is exempted from reporting,
     announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing
     Rules.

CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

The changes of the information of the Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the Rule 13.51B(1) of
the Listing Rules are as follows:

With effect from August 2024, the emoluments of Mr. Chen Xin, an independent non-executive Director, was
adjusted to RMB240,000 per annum, together with discretionary bonus based on his performance.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee had reviewed together with the management and external auditor the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2024.

AUDITOR

The financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, auditor of the Company, who shall retire and, being eligible, have offered itself for re-appointment as
auditor at the AGM. There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in the past three years.

A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of auditor.




By order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman

Hong Kong, March 21, 2025




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024          43
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2024.

Unless otherwise stated, reference of the code provisions made in this corporate governance report in relation to the
CG Code is referred to the provisions contained in the Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules in force during the year
ended December 31, 2024.

CORPORATE CULTURE

In 2024, in response to challenges such as climate change and an aging population, the Company upholds its social
responsibility. Guided by the corporate ethos of “innovation and truth-seeking; peace of mind and sincerity of
heart,” the Company is deeply committed to a sustainable development strategy which promotes innovation and
progress within the funeral industry while focusing on the spiritual and humanistic care of terminally ill patients and
their families. By integrating hospice care, funeral services, and burial practices, the Company collaborates with
universities, hospitals, and communities to advance end-of-life care and continue the dissemination of life culture
and education, ensuring that public welfare and life values are widely propagated.

Centered around the “3JI” concept (Monuments beautification, Memories thickening, Heritage lengthening), the
Company deepens its life science and technology services. It pioneers innovations such as “digital person” and
“digital immersive ceremony halls”, facilitating a profound transformation from physiological farewells to spiritual
continuance of life. Additionally, the Company prioritizes talent development by fostering a diversified and
supportive work environment, streamlining promotion pathways, and cultivating a team of “life guardians” imbued
with a sense of belonging and mission.

In alignment with the “double carbon” goals, the Company actively promotes carbon neutrality, green funerals, and
burials through the use of eco-friendly materials and processes, constructing century-long ecological cemeteries.
Looking ahead, the Company remains dedicated to refining its framework for sustainable development, enhancing
life technology services, and enriching the final chapter of life with innovation and warmth. Through these efforts, it
assists the living in transcending time and ensures that life memories endure.

Please refer to the 2024 Sustainability Report of the Company published separately for more details of the Group’s
corporate culture.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company recognizes the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is committed
to achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results and improve its
corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.

The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Board is of opinion that the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code
throughout the year ended December 31, 2024.




44        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in securities of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiry to all
the Directors, each of them confirmed that they have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in
the Model Code throughout the year ended December 31, 2024.

To comply with the code provision C.1.3 of the CG Code, the Company has also established and adopted a code of
conduct regarding its employees’ securities transactions, on terms no less exacting than the standards set out in
the Model Code, for compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information in
relation to the Company or its securities because of their offices or employments.

No incident of non-compliance with the Model Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company
were noted by the Company throughout the year ended December 31, 2024.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board composition

The Board currently comprises three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non-
executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set out as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Wang Jisheng (Chief Executive)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng
Ms. Zhou Lijie

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping
Mr. Ho Man
Ms. Liang Yanjun
Mr. Chen Xin

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors and Senior Management”
of this Annual Report.

Throughout the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1),
3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
directors with at least one independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or
accounting or related financial management expertise, and independent non-executive directors representing at
least one-third of the board of the directors.

None of the Directors has any relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.



                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024          45
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial
performance of the Group. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of
communications.

The Board should meet regularly and Board meetings should be held at least four times a year. At least 14 days’
notice of all regular Board meetings is given to the Directors who are given the opportunity to include other matters
in the agenda of meetings.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board has held 5 meetings in total.

The attendance records of the individual Directors at the meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Compliance Committee and the general meeting for the year ended
December 31, 2024 are set out as follows:

                                                                No. of Meetings Attended/Held
                                                        Audit Nomination Remuneration       Compliance       Annual
                                          Board    Committee    Committee     Committee         Committee   General
Name of Directors                      Meetings     Meetings     Meetings       Meetings         Meetings   Meeting
Executive Directors
Mr. Bai Xiaojiang                            5/5           —           1/1             —               —        1/1
Mr. Tan Leon Li-an                           4/5           —            —             1/1              —        1/1
Mr. Wang Jisheng                             5/5           —           1/1             —               —        1/1


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lu Hesheng                               4/5           —           —               —               —        1/1
Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng                   5/5          2/2          —               —               —        1/1
Ms. Zhou Lijie                               5/5           —           —               —               —        1/1


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Luo Zhuping                              5/5          2/2          1/1            1/1             2/2       1/1
Mr. Ho Man                                   5/5          2/2          1/1             —              2/2       1/1
Ms. Liang Yanjun                             5/5           —           1/1            1/1             2/2       1/1
Mr. Chen Xin                                 5/5          2/2           —              —               —        1/1

Except for the annual general meeting, the Company did not hold any other general meeting during the year ended
December 31, 2024.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors was appointed to the Board pursuant
to the respective letters of appointment for a term of three years.




46           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are governed by the Articles of
Association. The Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, is responsible for reviewing the
Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for nomination and appointment of
Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.

The Articles of Association provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
meeting, or as an additional to the existing Board shall hold office only until the following annual general meeting of
the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

In accordance with the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
Directors for the time being or, if the number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-election.

The Shareholders may, at any general meetings convened and held in accordance with the Articles of Association,
remove a Director by ordinary resolution at any time before the expiration of his/her term of office notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Articles of Association or in any agreement between the Company and such Director
and may by ordinary resolution elect another person in his/her stead.

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group in accordance
with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Directors have prepared the
financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis.

The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor on the financial statements of the Group are set out
in the section of “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this Annual Report.

Responsibilities of and Delegation by the Board

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, overseeing the Group’s strategic decisions and
monitoring business and performance.

The management, consisting of executive Directors along with other senior executives, is delegated with
responsibilities for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the Board from time to time, and
conducting the day-to-day operations of the Group. Executive Directors and senior executives meet regularly to
review the performance of the businesses of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and make
financial and operational decisions. The Board also gives clear directions as to their powers of management
including circumstances where management should report back, and will review the delegation arrangements on a
periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the needs of the Group. A memorandum on respective
functions of the Board and management of the Company has been established in writing.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          47
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company has established internal mechanism to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and
input. Directors are free to engage external independent professional advisers to assist them to discharge their
duties as they think fit, at the expense of the Company.

The Board reviews annually the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism.

The whistleblowing policy has been implemented for employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders who
have concerns about any suspected misconduct or malpractice within the Group to raise concerns, in confidence
and anonymity.

The Company also implemented anti-corruption policy pursuant to the requirement of the CG Code.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, being independent non-executive Directors,
have made confirmations of independence pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin meet the
independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and are independent to the Company.

Continuous Professional Development

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of
training materials. All Directors have provided their training records to the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, all Directors, including Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang
Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang
Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin, have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of
being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and
business of the Group, and Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, Mr. Wang Jisheng, Mr. Lu Hesheng, Mr. Huang
James Chih-Cheng, Ms. Zhou Lijie, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man, Ms. Liang Yanjun and Mr. Chen Xin have
attended a training regarding Directors’ duties, obligation of listed company, obligation of information disclosure
and environmental, social and governance reporting.

Chairman and Chief Executive

The positions of the chairman (“Chairman”) and the chief executive (“Chief Executive”) of the Company are held
separately. The role of Chairman is held by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, and the role of Chief Executive is held by Mr. Wang
Jisheng. The Chairman provides leadership and governance for the Board so as to create the conditions for the
effective performance of the Board as a whole and effective contribution by individual Director and to ensure that
the Board performs its responsibilities and all key and appropriate issues are discussed by the Board in a timely
manner. The Chief Executive has the delegated power to manage the Company and to oversee the activities of the
Company on a day-to-day basis.

The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive is defined and established in writing.




48        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
corporate governance duties include:

—    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations to the Board;

—    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management;

—    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

—    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
     and Directors; and

—    to review the Company’s compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
     governance report under the Listing Rules.

The Compliance Committee is delegated to discharge the above corporate governance functions and has reported
back to the Board.

The Compliance Committee has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and this
corporate governance report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established four committees and has delegated various responsibilities to the committees including
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Compliance Committee. All
the Board committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference which are
available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Board committees are provided with
sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.

Audit Committee

The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of
the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee has been
updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on January 7, 2019. The primary
duties of the Audit Committee are, but not limited to, to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the
effectiveness of the financial reporting process, the internal control and risk management system of the Group, to
oversee the audit process and to perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

The Audit Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Ho Man, Mr. Luo Zhuping and Mr. Chen Xin,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Huang James Chih-Cheng, the non-executive Director. Mr. Ho
Man is the chairman of the Audit Committee.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        49
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Audited Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed and discussed
the interim and annual financial statements, the interim and annual result announcements and reports, the
accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group
and recommended the re-appointment of auditor to the Board.

Remuneration Committee

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference
of the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on December 14, 2022. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review
and/or approve matters related to share planning as described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The primary
duties of the Remuneration Committee are, but not limited to, to evaluate and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the remuneration packages and compensation of the executive Directors and senior management. In
addition, the Remuneration Committee conducts reviews of the performance, and determines the remuneration
structure of the senior management of the Company.

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. Luo Zhuping and Ms. Liang Yanjun,
the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. Tan Leon Li-an, the vice-chairman and executive Director.
Mr. Luo Zhuping is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting. During the Year, the
Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company and the remuneration
including the matters related to Restricted Share Incentive Scheme and performance of the duties of the executive
Directors, senior management officers and other employees of the Company.

Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The primary functions of the Nomination Committee are, but not limited to, to
formulate nomination policies for consideration of the Board, implement the nomination policies laid down by the
Board, and make recommendations to the Board to fill vacancies on the same.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Bai Xiaojiang, the chairman and
executive Director, Mr. Wang Jisheng, the executive Director, Mr. Luo Zhuping, Mr. Ho Man and Ms. Liang Yanjun,
the independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Bai Xiaojiang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Nomination Committee held 1 meeting. It had reviewed the re-
appointment of directors, the structure, size and composition of the Board, the board diversity policy, and the
retirement and rotation plan of the Directors and assessed the independence of each independent non-executive
Director.

Compliance Committee

The Company has established the Compliance Committee with written terms of reference. The terms of reference of
the Compliance Committee has been updated and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on August 21, 2020. The updated terms of reference of the Compliance Committee includes review and
monitor the environmental, social and corporate governance (“ESG”) functions and duties. The primary functions of




50          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

the Compliance Committee are, but not limited to, to review and monitor the legal and compliance aspects of the
Group to ensure that the Group is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and ESG policy. The
Compliance Committee has authority to seek external counsel’s advice.

The Compliance Committee currently comprises three members, namely Ms. Liang Yanjun, Mr. Luo Zhuping and
Mr. Ho Man, all being the independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Liang Yanjun is the chairman of the
Compliance Committee.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Compliance Committee held 2 meetings. It had reviewed the
policies and practices on corporate governance and made recommendation to the Board, reviewed the training and
continuous professional development of Directors, senior management and other employees in respect of
compliance and ESG matters, the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the
codes of conduct applicable to employees and Directors and the compliance with the corporate governance code
and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

NOMINATION POLICY AND BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to enhancing the Board effectiveness and corporate governance, the Board should include a balanced
composition of executive and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there
is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment.

As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board of Directors is composed of three executive Directors, three
non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors, with female Directors accounting for 20%.
In addition to the three founders who are responsible for the overall strategic planning and business development of
Fu Shou Yuan Group, there are also three non-executive Directors with rich experience in the manufacturing
industry, investment and financial industry and financial field, and four independent non-executive Directors with
authoritative expertise in their respective industries. The independent non-executive Directors include both senior
financial experts and legal experts, as well as a former board secretary with several years management experience
in large listed company. The Company ensures the professionalism, independence and diversity of the background
of independent non-executive Directors in terms of gender, region, cultural background, professional knowledge,
experience and skills, so as to provide guidance for the overall enterprise development and governance.

The Company has adopted a nomination policy and a board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The
Nomination Committee evaluates the balance and blend of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives of the
Board. Selection of candidates is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services
and other qualities essential to the Company’s business, and merit and contribution that the selected candidates
will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee and the Board will review such measurable objectives from time
to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. The
Nomination Committee and the Board considered that, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the composition
of the Board was balanced and diversified.

After receiving recommendations regarding the appointment of new directors or re-appointment of retiring directors,
the chairman of the Nomination Committee will convene a Nomination Committee meeting to perform sufficient due
diligence. Upon the review by and approval from the Nomination Committee, the committee will convene a Board
meeting where recommendations will be made to the Board for consideration and approval. As considered and
approved by the Board, the proposed directors will be subject to re-election at a general meeting.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024         51
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

GENDER DIVERSITY IN THE WORKFORCE

The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) is 41.9% female employees versus 58.1% male
employee. As a death care service provider, the Group has a relevant higher percentage of female employee in the
industry. We fully respect the legitimate rights and interests of every employee, resolutely put an end to possible
discrimination within the Group, ensure that employees will not be treated differently due to gender, age, race,
nationality, education background, religious belief and other differences, and strive to create a diversified and
inclusive enterprise environment.

REMUNERATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

Pursuant to paragraph E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of 10 Directors and 2 senior management by band
for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                     Number of
Remuneration bands                                                                                    individual
HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                                          9
HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                  —
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                  1
HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                  —
HK$4,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                  —
HK$5,000,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                                   2

Save as disclosed above, details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the audited
consolidated financial statements.

EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the remunerations paid or payable to the external auditor of the
Company in respect of audit and non-audit services provided to the Group are set out as below:

                                                                                    Fees payable or paid
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

Services rendered for the Group
Audit service                                                                          2,850               3,000
Interim results review                                                                   950               1,190


Total Fees                                                                             3,800               4,190


There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in the past three years.




52           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective internal control system to safeguard the Group’s assets and
shareholders’ interests, and regularly conducts review and on-going monitoring on the risk management and
internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the implementation of the internal control system. Such
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has maintained an internal audit function and has established its internal control system focused on risk
management, including company management policies and systems in written form, clearly defined organizational
structure and responsibilities authorization system, stable and reliable financial management data and reports, and
stringent risk management and appraisal system on the supervision over internal control.

The Group continuously improves and regulates its internal control management policies and systems by strictly
complying with national laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements under the Stock Exchange. Through
objective identification, analysis and evaluation of the enterprise’s risk events as well as in-depth analysis of the
main aspects of internal control, the Group has established its internal control management system covering major
businesses and risk matters regarding its operation and management with limited management resources to focus
on core issues. The Group has adopted three-level risk management and internal control authorization structural
system: the Board, senior management and Group headquarters management center as well as all branches and
subsidiaries. The Board is the supreme decision-making body for the Company’s risk management and internal
control; the senior management and Group headquarters management center achieve effective identification and
control of the risks related to all material matters; and all branches and subsidiaries implement direct risk
management and internal control function for their respective operations.

With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
Company:

—     is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and
      the Listing Rules

—     conducts its affairs with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
      Securities and Futures Commission

—     has included in the code of conduct of the Company a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential
      or inside information

—     ensures, through the Company’s own internal reporting processes and the consideration of their outcome by
      senior management, the appropriate handling and dissemination of inside information

The Group has commenced risk assessment by conducting risk ranking, and in the previous year, the significant
risks were under control and their rankings have dropped. In addition, the Group has formulated risk management
plan to ensure the identification, assessment, management, control and reporting of all significant risks of the Group
are carried out according to a unified guideline, and are reported to the senior management, Audit Committee and
the Board when necessary. Such guideline stipulates the group risk management policies and procedures which are
carried out with the common risk management methods.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024          53
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board has annually reviewed the effectiveness and efficiency of the
implementation of its risk management and internal control systems, which covered all material financial,
operational and compliance control and risk management. The Company considered them effective and adequate.
The independent internal control consultant and the internal audit department reported directly to the audit
committee, compliance committee and/or the Board semi-annually. There were no significant risks identified by the
independent internal control consultant in the risk assessment.

In addition, the Board reviewed and considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
training programmes and relevant budget of the Company’s accounting, risk management, internal audit and
financial reporting functions.

The Board considers that the Group was able to maintain established and effective risk management and internal
control systems during the year ended December 31, 2024.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Zhu Qiming (“Mr. Zhu”) has been serving as the secretary to the Board and joint company secretary of the
Company since September 2023. Mr. Zhu is responsible for the investor relations, corporate finance and corporate
governance of the Group. For Mr. Zhu’s biography, please refer to the section headed “Profiles of Directors and
Senior Management” of this annual report.

Mr. Cheng Ching Kit (“Mr. Cheng”) (an assistant vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong)
Limited, an external professional company secretarial service provider) was appointed as another joint company
secretary, authorized representative and process agent in September 2023. Mr. Cheng assists Mr. Zhu in
performing his functions as joint company secretary and in obtaining “relevant experience” as required under Rule
3.28 of the Listing Rules. For details of the waiver granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company from strict
compliance with the requirements of Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Zhu’s qualifications
to serve as the Company’s joint company secretary, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
September 8, 2023. Mr. Zhu is the main contact person at the Company of Mr. Cheng.

In compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Zhu Qiming and Mr. Cheng Ching Kit had
taken no less than 15 hours of the relevant professional training on review of Listing Rules and other compliance
requirements during the year ended December 31, 2024.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company encourages the Shareholders to attend the general meetings of the Company. Directors, chairman of
each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee (or a
delegated member of the Committee), chairman of the independent board committee (if any) and management will
attend the annual general meeting to answer queries about the Group’s business.

The Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) and for Putting
Forward Proposals at General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 64 of Articles of Association, an extraordinary general meeting of the Company shall be
convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, on the date of deposit of the
requisition, not less than 10% of the voting rights (on a one vote per Share basis) in the issued share capital of the
Company. Such Shareholder(s) shall be entitled to add resolutions to the agenda for the extraordinary general
meeting concerned. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the



54         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Company at the headquarter of the Company in the PRC, which is situated at No. 500, Lane 7270, Waiqingsong
Road, Shanghai, China 200030, for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of
any business specified in such requisition and signed by the requisitionist(s).

The request will be verified with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrar and upon its confirmation that the
request is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the
statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

On the contrary, if the request has been verified not in order, the Shareholders will be advised of this outcome and
accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as requested. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to
proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.

The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director is posted on the website of the
Company.

Investor Relations and Communications with Shareholders

The Company has formulated shareholders’ communication policy. Pursuant to the shareholders’ communication
policy, the Company holds general meetings which offer a valuable forum to Shareholders for dialogue and
interaction with management. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies
to attend and vote at general meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the general meetings.
Shareholders may also put forward their enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company. The Board
members, chairmen or members of respective Board committees, and external auditor of the Company and such
other person as the Board deems appropriate shall attend the general meetings of the Company to respond to
questions addressed to the Company.

The Company also takes various steps to solicit and understand views of the Shareholders, investors and
stakeholders. During the Year, the Board has reviewed and was satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness
of the shareholders’ communication policy. The Company will continue to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the
Shareholders and review the shareholders’ communication policy regularly to ensure its effectiveness.

Shareholders, investors and members of the public should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar. The contact details for the Hong Kong Share Registrar are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shop 1712–1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8555
Fax: (852) 2865 0990
Email: hkinfo@computershare.com.hk
Website: www.computershare.com




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          55
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

To contact the Company in relation to your query on investor relations, or for Shareholders who intend to put
forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board, the contact details are as follows:

Address: No. 500, Lane 7270, Waiqingsong Road, Shanghai, China 200030
Telephone: (86) 21 54255151 (board secretary office)
Email: ir@fsygroup.com

Constitutional Documents

There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended December 31, 2024.




56        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FU SHOU YUAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 62 to 160, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit
or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants’ Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024          57
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS — continued

Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill arising from acquisitions


We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill         Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
arising from certain acquisitions of businesses as a key    of goodwill arising from acquisitions included:
audit matter due to significance of the Group’s
goodwill in the context of the consolidated financial       •     Obtaining an understanding of the management

statements, combined with the significant judgement               controls over the impairment assessment of

and estimates exercised by the management. The                    goodwill;

selected impairment assessment of goodwill are with
                                                            •     Examining the determination of recoverable
relatively high amounts of balances of goodwill, and
                                                                  amounts which are the value in use of CGUs to
also with low headroom between the carry amounts
                                                                  which goodwill has been allocated and obtaining an
and the recoverable amounts which are the value in
                                                                  understanding of financial positions and future
use of cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which
                                                                  prospects of respective CGUs;
goodwill has been allocated.
                                                            •     Obtaining the cash flow forecasts prepared by the
As disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial             management, reviewing and discussing with the
statements, as at December 31, 2024, the impairment               management on the major assumptions adopted in
amount of RMB22,973,000 was recognized for the                    the cash flow forecasts for each CGUs and
goodwill related to Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral                checking arithmetic accuracy of the forecast
and Burial Service Co., Ltd. this year, and the total             calculation;
carrying amount of Group’s goodwill amounted to
RMB1,106,070,000.                                           •     Comparing cash flow projections to supporting
                                                                  evidence, such as approved budgets, and
As set out in Note 4 to the consolidated financial                evaluating the reasonableness of these budgets
statements, the impairment assessment of goodwill is              with reference to the past performance and future
dependent on certain significant inputs and                       prospects of respective CGUs as well as our
estimations that involve the management’s judgement,              knowledge of the business;
including the calculation of value in use of CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated. In estimate the          •     Comparing the growth rates used to historical
value in use of the CGUs, key assumptions include                 growth rates for business of respective CGUs;
those regarding projections of cash flows and discount
                                                            •     Assessing the sensitivity analysis prepared by the
rates based on the management’s view of future
                                                                  management on the significant assumptions to
business. Details of such estimations are disclosed in
                                                                  evaluate the extent of impact of these assumptions
Note 17.
                                                                  on the cash flow forecasts; and

                                                            •     Engaging our internal valuation expert to the extent
                                                                  necessary in assessing the discount rates used in
                                                                  the impairment assessment model by benchmarking
                                                                  against independent data.




58         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024          59
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the Directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
      cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
      financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
      for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.




60         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS — continued

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Jacky Wong Suk Hung.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

March 21, 2025




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024         61
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                               2024         2023
                                                                NOTES      RMB’000      RMB’000

Revenue                                                           5        2,077,484    2,628,029
Operating expenditures
  Staff costs                                                               (486,720)    (506,360)
  Construction costs                                                        (114,067)    (123,086)
  Consumed materials and goods                                              (149,929)    (188,935)
  Outsourced service costs                                                   (51,111)     (62,160)
  Marketing and sales channel costs                                          (41,597)     (48,899)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                             (173,179)    (166,609)
  Other general operating expenditures                                      (244,376)    (171,530)
  Inventory changes                                                          21,160       11,708
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model (“ECL”),
     net of reversal                                                         (23,585)          41


Impairment losses recognized on property and equipment,
  intangible assets, cemetery assets and goodwill                           (104,193)          —
Profit from operations                                                      709,887     1,372,199
Other income, gains and losses                                    6         119,842       85,183
Share of loss of a joint venture                                              (2,733)     (18,436)
Share of loss of an associate                                                    (65)          —
Finance costs                                                     7          (16,422)      (7,392)


Profit before taxation                                            8         810,509     1,431,554
Income tax expense                                               10         (313,181)    (455,638)


Profit for the year                                                         497,328      975,916



Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                       373,134      791,240
Non-controlling interests                                                   124,194      184,676


                                                                            497,328      975,916




62         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
            AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                  NOTE              RMB’000           RMB’000

Other comprehensive income
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign
  operations                                                                             376                   —


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                               376                   —


Total comprehensive income for the year                                              497,704              975,916



Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                373,292              791,240
Non-controlling interests                                                            124,412              184,676


                                                                                     497,704              975,916



                                                                                   RMB cents        RMB cents


Earnings per share — Basic                                          12                   16.4                34.8




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        63
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AT DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                31/12/2024   31/12/2023
                                                                    NOTES         RMB’000      RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                                13           565,676      556,232
Right-of-use assets                                                   14           179,645      103,568
Investment property                                                   15             6,509        6,509
Intangible assets                                                     16           257,302      309,774
Goodwill                                                              17         1,106,076    1,129,049
Deposits paid for acquisition of leasehold land as cemetery
   assets                                                                           22,334       21,963
Cemetery assets                                                       18         1,995,409    2,074,652
Investment in an associate                                                           2,935        3,000
Investment in a joint venture                                         20            54,413       42,184
Time deposits                                                         25           207,633      200,000
Restricted deposits                                                   19            96,395       89,424
Deferred tax assets                                                   21           120,956       92,871
Other long-term assets                                                               8,930        5,000


                                                                                 4,624,213    4,634,226


Current assets
Inventories                                                           22           576,326      557,991
Trade and other receivables                                           23           132,922      222,383
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)       24           589,176      776,501
Time deposits                                                         25           188,375      167,746
Bank balances and cash                                                26         2,056,626    2,295,467
Contract assets                                                                     13,559       13,473


                                                                                 3,556,984    4,033,561


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                              27           667,564     658,344
Borrowings                                                            29                —      200,000
Lease liabilities                                                     31            19,752      23,156
Contract liabilities                                                  28           123,435     105,808
Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries               30            30,466      29,438
Dividends payable                                                                  110,124      36,000
Income tax liabilities                                                             212,079     205,440


                                                                                 1,163,420    1,258,186


Net current assets                                                               2,393,564    2,775,375


Total assets less current liabilities                                            7,017,777    7,409,601




64         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                          AT DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                  31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                 NOTES              RMB’000          RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                  31                111,544              29,215
Contract liabilities                                               28                514,208             494,434
Deferred tax liabilities                                           21                150,896             216,137
Other long-term liabilities                                        32                 85,301              95,951


                                                                                     861,949             835,737


Net assets                                                                         6,155,828        6,573,864



Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                      33                142,148          142,148
Reserves                                                           34              5,419,006        5,777,907


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                       5,561,154        5,920,055
Non-controlling interests                                                            594,674          653,809


Total equity                                                                       6,155,828        6,573,864


The consolidated financial statements on pages 62 to 160 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of
Directors on March 21, 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       Bai Xiaojiang                                        Wang Jisheng
                        DIRECTOR                                              DIRECTOR




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        65
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                                                                                Subtotal
                                                                                                                                             attributable
                                                                                             Statutory                                        to owners          Non-
                                                Share    Treasury       Share      Special    surplus Translation     Other     Retained           of the   controlling
                                               capital    shares     premium*      reserve    reserve     reserve    reserve      profits      Company        interests       Total
                                              RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

At January 1, 2023                            142,148    (254,829)   1,026,187     84,667     205,961          —    (105,033)   4,376,657      5,475,758       638,246    6,114,004
Profit and total comprehensive income for
    the year                                       —           —            —           —          —           —          —      791,240         791,240       184,676     975,916
Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                      —           —      (355,033)         —          —           —          —            —        (355,033)           —      (355,033)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                   —           —            —           —          —           —          —            —              —       (168,943)    (168,943)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve              —           —            —           —      19,293          —          —       (19,293)            —             —            —
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    interests                                      —           —            —           —          —           —          —            —              —            452         452
Partial disposal of equity interests in
    a subsidiary                                   —           —            —           —          —           —        622            —             622          (622)          —
Dividend receipt under the restricted share
    incentive scheme (Note 35)                     —        7,468           —           —          —           —          —            —           7,468            —         7,468


At December 31, 2023                          142,148    (247,361)    671,154      84,667     225,254          —    (104,411)   5,148,604      5,920,055       653,809    6,573,864



Profit for the year                                —           —            —           —          —           —          —      373,134         373,134       124,194     497,328
Other comprehensive income for the year            —           —            —           —          —         158          —           —              158           218         376


Total comprehensive income for the year            —           —            —           —          —         158          —      373,134         373,292       124,412     497,704


Dividends recognized as distributions
    (Note 11)                                      —           —      (671,154)         —          —           —          —       (64,677)      (735,831)           —      (735,831)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                   —           —            —           —          —           —          —            —              —       (206,323)    (206,323)
Transfer to statutory surplus reserve              —           —            —           —      13,391          —          —       (13,391)            —             —            —
Capital injection to a subsidiary (Note i)         —           —            —           —          —           —      (6,797)          —          (6,797)        6,797           —
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    interests (Note ii)                            —           —            —           —          —           —      (4,932)          —          (4,932)       15,893      10,961
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of
    a subsidiary                                   —           —            —           —          —           —        (111)          —            (111)           86          (25)
Dividend receipt under the restricted share
    incentive scheme (Note 35)                     —       15,478           —           —          —           —          —            —          15,478            —       15,478


At December 31, 2024                          142,148    (231,883)          —      84,667     238,645        158    (116,251)   5,443,670      5,561,154       594,674    6,155,828



*               Pursuant to section 34 of the Companies Law of Cayman Islands (2020 Revision) and the Articles of Association of the
                Company, share premium of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders subject to a solvency on the
                Company and the provision of the Articles of Association of the Company.

Note i:         In June 2024, the Group made capital injection of RMB16,470,000 to a subsidiary Zhuolu Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan
                Development Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”). The proportion of shares held by the Group increased
                from 51% to 70%.

Note ii: In August 2024, the Group and a third party jointly established VR Paradise Holdings Limited which the Group held 60%
         equity interests. The third party, as the non-controlling shareholder, made capital injection of RMB10,961,000.




66                    Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                          Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                             810,509         1,431,554
Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                                       16,422               7,392
Interest income                                                                     (21,811)            (17,341)
Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                             (44,753)            (39,667)
Depreciation of property and equipment                                              55,041              56,872
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 19,757              19,944
Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                     76,652              71,063
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                   21,729              18,730
Net (gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment and termination of
  leases, net                                                                        (6,393)                20
Net loss (gain) on disposal of cemetery assets                                         784               (8,668)
Investment loss from acquisition of a subsidiary                                        —                  393
Share of loss of a joint venture                                                      2,733             18,436
Share of loss of an associate                                                           65                  —
Impairment losses under ECL, net of reversal                                        23,585                  (41)


Impairment losses recognized on property and equipment, intangible
  assets, cemetery assets and goodwill                                             104,193                   —
Write-down of inventories                                                           26,651                   —
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                          1,085,164        1,558,687
Increase in restricted deposits                                                      (6,971)             (8,030)
Increase in cemetery assets and inventories                                         (61,894)        (127,038)
(Increase) Decrease in deposits paid for acquisition of leasehold land as
  cemetery assets                                                                    (3,800)             7,154
Decrease in trade and other receivables                                             53,370               2,152
Increase (Decrease) in trade and other payables                                       5,131             (17,351)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                    37,401              47,099


Cash generated from operations                                                    1,108,401        1,462,673
Income taxes paid                                                                  (399,869)        (359,795)


NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                 708,532         1,102,878




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024         67
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                                     2024        2023
                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of and deposits paid for property and equipment and landscape
  facilities                                                                       (77,937)    (30,952)
Prepayments and purchase of computer software                                         (792)    (11,624)
Payment for concession agreement                                                      (410)     (2,054)
Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                      1,089       2,132
Proceeds on disposal of cemetery assets                                                15      12,774
Considerations paid for acquisition of subsidiaries                                 (4,723)    (74,419)
Interest received                                                                  15,187      14,475
Receipt of gain from fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL               44,078      40,268
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                       167,746      33,467
Placement of time deposits                                                       (186,450)    (367,746)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                            (192,000)    (654,000)
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                                           380,000     372,030
Investment in a joint venture                                                      (14,962)        —
Receipt from liquidation of a partnership                                               —     190,000
Investment in an associate                                                              —       (3,000)
Withdrawal of investment in a joint venture                                             —      72,340
Receipt of loans to third parties in connection with a cemetery project                 —      48,000
Payment on behalf of a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary                      —       (3,817)


NET CASH FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                      130,841     (362,126)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans raised                                                                   —     200,000
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (200,000)         —
Repayment of loan from a joint venture                                                 —       (80,000)
Loans raised from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                        622         878
Acquisition of non-controlling interests of a subsidiary                               (25)        —
Repayments of loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                   —       (4,410)
Investment from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                       10,961         452
Interest paid                                                                      (11,548)       (849)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                   (132,199)    (132,943)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                          (720,353)    (347,565)
Repayments of leases liabilities                                                   (19,482)    (21,492)
Repayments of other long-term liabilities                                           (6,190)     (1,589)


NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                           (1,078,214)   (387,518)




68             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                     (238,841)            353,234
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                  2,295,467        1,942,233


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR,
 REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                                  2,056,626        2,295,467




                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024        69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated on January 5, 2012 as
     an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law of Cayman
     Islands and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
     December 19, 2013. The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in the annual report. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
     “Group”) are mainly engaged in the sale of burial plots, provision of funeral services and provision of cemetery
     maintenance services as set out in Note 43.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by
     the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatory effective for
     the Group’s annual period beginning on January 1, 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
     statements:

     Amendments to IFRS 16                                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to IAS 1                                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     Amendments to IAS 1                                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                         Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material
     impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
     disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                               Financial Instruments3
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                        Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                               Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                              — Volume 113
     Amendments to IAS 21                                   Lack of Exchangeability2
     IFRS 18                                                Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

     1     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025.
     3     Effective for annual periods beginning on or January 1, 2026.
     4     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.




70       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS — continued

     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective — continued

     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the Directors anticipate that the application
     of all other amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
     and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements.

     This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces
     new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss;
     provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements
     and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In
     addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7
     Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
     1 January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the
     presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is
     in the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
           Standards issued by International Accounting Standards Board. For the purpose of preparation of the
           consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably
           expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
           statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
           The Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     3.2   Material accounting policy information

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
           controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Group:

           •     has power over the investee;

           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024         71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Basis of consolidation — continued

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
            investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities
            of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing
            whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

            •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
                  other vote holders;

            •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

            •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

            •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
                  current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including
                  voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
            when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
            acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
            other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
            ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
            controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
            accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
            between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
            represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
            relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




72         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries

           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
           subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
           components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
           relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
           the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
           interests.

           Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
           value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
           the Company.

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
           process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are
           considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
           organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
           processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
           considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability
           to continue producing outputs.

           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
           transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the
           acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the
           former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of
           the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

           The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
           liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by IASB in March 2018 (the
           “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions,
           Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or IFRIC 21, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21
           instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination.
           Contingent assets are not recognized.

           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at
           their fair value, except that:

           •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                 are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                 Benefits respectively;




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024           73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Business combinations — continued

            •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                   share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                   arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                   the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

            •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                   current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                   standard; and

            •      lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in IFRS 16 Leases) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date,
                   except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b)
                   the underlying asset is of low-value. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at the
                   same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms
                   of the lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
            controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
            as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and
            liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if
            any), the excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
            share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
            controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net
            assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

            Goodwill

            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
            acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
            any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
            units that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level
            at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating
            segment.




74         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Goodwill — continued

           A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
           frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
           in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
           impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating
           unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
           of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based
           on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.

           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
           described below.

           Investments in an associate and a joint venture

           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
           power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
           joint control over those policies.

           A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
           rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
           control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
           unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

           The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
           consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of
           associates and joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform
           accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
           Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognized in the
           consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s
           share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. Changes in
           net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
           not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
           When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that
           associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
           Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share
           of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
           constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024          75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Investments in an associate and a joint venture — continued

            An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date
            on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an
            associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net
            fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognized as goodwill, which is
            included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
            value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is
            recognized immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
            venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
            investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by
            comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its
            carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that
            forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized
            in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
            increases.

            When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses
            resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group’s
            consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are
            not related to the Group.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in associate and joint venture

            When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group
            continues to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
            loss that had previously been recognized in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in
            ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related
            assets or liabilities.

            Revenue from contracts with customers

            Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to revenue from contracts with customers is
            provided in Notes 5 and 28.

            Leases

            The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at
            inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
            contract are subsequently changed.




76         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
           components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
           basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
           the non-lease components.

           Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other
           applicable standards.

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of
           low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the
           lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                 received;

           •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

           •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                 assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                 required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                 inventories.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
           and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life
           and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets that directly related to cemetery in cemetery assets and transfer
           to inventory upon commencement of development.


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024          77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Leases — continued

            The Group as a lessee — continued

            Right-of-use assets — continued

            The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of cemetery assets or inventory
            as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Refundable rental deposits

            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
            in the cost of right-of-use assets.

            Lease liabilities

            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
            incentives receivable.

            Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are not included in the measurement
            of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognized as expense in the period in which the
            event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
            use assets) whenever:

            •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                  option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                  payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
                  which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                  using the initial discount rate.

            •     a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease (see
                  below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).




78         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Leases — continued

           The Group as a lessee — continued

           Lease liabilities — continued

           The Group presents lease liabilities associated with right-of-use assets and other long-term liabilities
           associated with cemetery assets as separate line items respectively on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                 assets; and

           •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                 for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                 circumstances of the particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
           liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
           revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
           the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
           more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
           contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component
           and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

           Foreign currencies

           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
           than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges
           prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
           denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
           items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
           items, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024      79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Foreign currencies — continued

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
            Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange
            rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the
            average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period,
            in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if
            any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
            translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

            Borrowing costs

            All the borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

            Government grants

            Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
            with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
            Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
            Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
            or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognized as a deduction from the carrying amount of the
            relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a
            systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

            Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
            already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
            related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants
            are presented under “other income, gains and losses”.

            Employee benefits

            Retirement benefit costs

            Payments to the state-managed retirement benefit scheme and Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in
            Hong Kong which was established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in
            December 2000 (the “MPF Scheme”) which are defined contribution schemes, are charged as an
            expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.




80         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Employee benefits — continued

           Short-term employee benefits

           Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
           be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized
           as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an
           asset.

           A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries) after deducting
           any amount already paid.

           Termination benefits

           A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
           withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Restricted share granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to the Directors and employees are measured at the fair value of
           the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
           into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
           period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
           corresponding increase in equity (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
           revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all
           relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
           recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
           corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before
           taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are
           never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have
           been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Taxation — continued

            Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
            liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
            computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary
            differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the
            extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
            differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary
            difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
            liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
            of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition,
            deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
            goodwill.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
            temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
            future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
            investments are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
            profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced
            to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
            part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
            in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
            enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
            carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
            value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
            sales, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
            depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sales.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




82         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Taxation — continued

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
           applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The Group
           recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
           profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred
           tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
           assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
           entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from
           the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the
           business combination.

           Property and equipment

           Property and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
           services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below).
           Property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
           subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
           cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
           asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
           the management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
           qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.
           Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets
           are ready for their intended use.

           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold
           land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
           building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
           allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land directly related to
           cemetery is presented as cemetery assets and the rest is presented as “right-of-use asset” in the
           consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably
           between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire
           properties are classified as property and equipment.

           Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction
           less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
           useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period,
           with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024           83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Property and equipment — continued

            An item of property and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
            are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
            retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

            Investment property

            Investment property is property held to earn rentals and capital appreciation.

            Investment property is initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment property is measured at its fair value, adjusted to exclude
            any prepaid or accrued operating lease income.

            Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment property is included in profit or loss
            for the period in which it arises.

            Intangible assets

            Intangible assets acquired separately

            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
            with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
            estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
            effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with
            indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.

            When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for
            providing construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognizes an intangible asset at
            fair value upon initial recognition. The intangible asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
            and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognized on a straight-line basis over their
            estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
            each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
            basis.

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are
            initially recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).




84         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Intangible assets — continued

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination — continued

           Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
           lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
           the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
           business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
           impairment losses.

           Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets, cemetery assets and intangible
           assets other than goodwill

           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and
           equipment, right-of-use assets, cemetery assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to
           determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any
           such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
           of the impairment loss, if any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at
           least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

           The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, cemetery assets and intangible
           assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
           individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset
           belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
           generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
           they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
           or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
           carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
           in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024          85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets, cemetery assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill — continued

            If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
            amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate
            assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the
            Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying
            amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-
            generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the
            impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
            applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset
            in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below
            the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and
            zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is
            allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment
            loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-
            generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
            carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
            impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an
            impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

            Cemetery assets

            Cemetery assets consist of leasehold land, cost of initial land development, and cost of landscaping for
            the general public areas of the cemetery, except for the leasehold land element which is measured at
            cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets are
            carried at the lower of costs less accumulated amortisation and net realizable value prior to the
            commencement of development of the cemetery. Amortisation for cemetery assets is provided on a
            straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the cemetery assets and is recognized in profit or
            loss.

            Upon commencement of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course
            of business of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to
            inventories.

            Cash and cash equivalents

            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

            (a)     cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                    subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                    cash; and



86         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Cash and cash equivalents — continued

           (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                 or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                 which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                 purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

           For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
           cash and cash equivalents as defined above.

           Regulatory restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in Note 19.

           Inventories

           Inventories include cemetery assets developed and ready for sale, cemetery assets under development,
           and tombstones and urns. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured at cost model in
           accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets, cemetery assets under development,
           and tombstones and urns are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated
           using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for
           inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
           necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
           incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

           Provisions

           Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
           a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
           estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
           present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
           surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
           present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
           time value of money is material).

           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the
           contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
           recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
           sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or
           convention in the market place.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
            arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
            Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
            liabilities (other than financial assets at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the
            financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
            attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized immediately in profit or loss.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
            financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
            transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
            financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.

            Financial assets

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                  flows; and

            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.

            (i)   Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                  rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
                  subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently
                  become credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to
                  the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the
                  credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-
                  impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                  amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
                  determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.




88         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets — continued

           (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                  fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or
                  loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
                  income, gains and losses” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL on financial assets (including trade and other
           receivables, time deposits, bank balances and cash, other long-term assets and restricted deposits) and
           other item (contract assets) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of
           ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
           the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
           that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
           Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
           are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
           conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

           The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
           financing component.

           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has
           been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The
           assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the
           likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                  the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                  making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                  reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                  is available without undue cost or effort.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024          89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            Financial assets — continued

            Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

            (i)   Significant increase in credit risk — continued

                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                  has increased significantly:

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if
                        available) or internal credit rating;

                  •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                        in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                  •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                        expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                  •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations.

                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                  increased since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due,
                  unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                  Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
                  increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
                  credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has
                  a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                  obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
                  longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual
                  cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has
                  an internal or external credit rating of investment grade as per globally understood definitions.

                  The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                  been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria
                  are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




90         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                   held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                   more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental
                   impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a
                   financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                         financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                         not otherwise consider; or

                   (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                         reorganization.

           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
                   in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                   Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                   recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                   derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            Financial assets — continued

            Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 — continued

            (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                  magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                  probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward- looking
                  information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                  determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
                  practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                  consideration historical credit loss experience and forward-looking information that is available
                  without undue cost or effort.

                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                  in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                  at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                  Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis
                  taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward
                  looking macroeconomic information.

                  For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                  formulating the grouping:

                  •     Nature of financial instruments;

                  •     Past-due status; and

                  •     Nature, size and industry of debtors.

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management to ensure the constituents of each group
                  continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                  financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised
                  cost of the financial asset.

                  The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                  adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables and contract
                  assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.




92         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2   Material accounting policy information — continued

           Financial instruments — continued

           Financial assets — continued

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that
           foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

           •       For financial assets measured at amortised cost, exchange differences are recognised in profit or
                   loss in the ‘Other income, gains and losses’ line item (note 6) as part of the net foreign exchange
                   (loss) gain.

           •       For financial assets measured at FVTPL, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the
                   ‘Other income, gains and losses’ line item as part of the gain on fair value changes of financial
                   assets at FVTPL (note 6).

           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
           asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
           risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its
           retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
           retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
           continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
           carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or
           loss.

           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
           the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
           instrument.

           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue costs.



                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024          93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION — continued

     3.2    Material accounting policy information — continued

            Financial instruments — continued

            Financial liabilities and equity — continued

            Equity instruments — continued

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No
            gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
            own equity instruments.

            Financial liabilities at amortised cost

            All of the Group’s financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

            Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings, loans from non-controlling
            shareholders of subsidiaries, dividends payable, and other long-term liabilities are subsequently
            measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities

            The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
            discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
            liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.

4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the Directors are required
     to make judgement, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.




94         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year are as follows:

     Estimated impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-
     generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less
     costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
     to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
     Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which
     results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment
     may arise. Furthermore, the estimated cash flows and discount rate are subject to change due to ongoing
     uncertain macroeconomic environment. As at December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of goodwill is
     approximately RMB1,106,076,000 (2023: RMB1,129,049,000) (net of accumulated impairment loss of
     RMB22,973,000 (2023: nil)). Details of recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in Note 17.

     Estimated useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets

     The management determines the estimated useful lives and the depreciation or amortisation method in
     determining the related depreciation or amortisation charges for its property and equipment and intangible
     assets. This estimate is based on the management’s experience of the actual useful lives of property and
     equipment and intangible assets of similar nature and functions. Management will increase the depreciation or
     amortisation charge where useful lives are expected to be shorter than expected, or will write off or write
     down obsolete assets that have been abandoned or impaired. When the actual useful lives of property and
     equipment and intangible assets differ from the original estimates, adjustment will be made and recognized in
     the period in which such event takes place.

     Estimated impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and
     cemetery assets

     Property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and cemetery assets are stated at costs less
     accumulated depreciation/amortisation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired,
     the Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has
     occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be
     supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows
     which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to
     be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount
     rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates
     the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the assets belongs, including allocation of
     corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise
     recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the relevant
     corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates
     or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the recoverable amounts.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024        95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY — continued

     Estimated impairment of property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and
     cemetery assets — continued

     As at December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of property and equipment are approximately
     RMB565,676,000 (2023: RMB556,232,000), after taking into account the impairment losses of RMB1,306,000
     (2023: Nil) that have been recognized. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 13. As at December 31,
     2024, the carrying amounts of intangible assets are approximately RMB257,302,000 (2023: RMB309,774,000),
     after taking into account the impairment losses of RMB43,777,000 (2023: Nil) that have been recognized.
     Details of movement are disclosed in Note 16. As at December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of right-of-use
     assets are approximately RMB179,645,000 (2023: RMB103,568,000). No impairment indicators on right-of-
     use assets were identified during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Details of movement are
     disclosed in Note 14. As at December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of cemetery assets are approximately
     RMB1,995,409,000 (2023: RMB2,074,652,000), after taking into account the impairment losses of
     RMB36,137,000 (2023: Nil) that have been recognized. Details of movement are disclosed in Note 18.

     Estimated cemetery maintenance income

     The Group estimates cemetery maintenance income to be separated performance obligation from the sale of
     burial plots each period. The consideration of cemetery maintenance income is determined by the expected
     cost plus a margin approach. The expected cost is based on cost of maintaining the cemetery over the
     service period, which includes labour cost, general and administrative expenses, and cost of maintenance of
     landscaping. The Group also considered factors such as increase in labour cost in future periods when
     estimating cemetery maintenance expense. Cemetery maintenance expense is marked up at a reasonable
     profit and is allocated to individual transaction to arrive at the amount of cemetery maintenance service price.
     The transaction price allocated to these services is recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial
     sales transaction and is released based on actual cost over each reporting period. Contract liability is
     reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If it is considered that cemetery maintenance income to be
     released is insufficient to cover the remaining expected cost of maintenance, the Group will adjust the
     consideration of cemetery maintenance income in contract liabilities to fully cover the remaining expected
     cost of maintenance. As at December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of contract liabilities for cemetery
     maintenance services are approximately RMB585,101,000 (2023: RMB551,800,000), as disclosed in Note 28.

     Tax and other provisions

     Provisions are recognized by the Group when it has present obligation as a result of past event which the
     Group believes it is probable that an outflow of economic resources would be required to settle that
     obligation, and the amount can be reliably estimated. The amount of provisions recognized at the reporting
     date reflects management’s best estimate of the consideration that the Group may be required to pay to settle
     the obligation, taking into account various factors at the time of assessment, which may include, but not
     limited to, the applicable rules or terms and their interpretation and application, past experience, current
     market practice, professional advices and other relevant information that came to the knowledge of the
     management and its reliability. Due to the inherent risk and uncertain nature, the estimated amount may vary
     from time to time and subject to changes when obligations are eventually finalized and settled, more
     experience is accumulated, or when more updated, relevant and/or reliable information becomes available.
     The eventual outcome of settlement maybe different from the estimated amount that were initially or
     previously recorded, and the differences will impact the profit and loss and the carrying amount in the period
     in which assessment is revised.



96       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     A.   For the year ended December 31, 2024

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Geographical markets
                 Mainland China                                                      2,077,484           2,628,029



                 Timing of revenue recognition
                 A point in time                                                     1,993,210           2,541,623
                 Over time                                                              84,274              86,406


                 Total                                                               2,077,484           2,628,029


          (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies

                 Sales of burial plots with maintenance services

                 The Group sells burial plots and provide cemetery maintenance services.

                 Revenue from the sale of burial plots is recognized when the control of burial plots is transferred
                 to the customer, being when the right to use of burial plots has been passed. Payment of the
                 transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the burial plots.

                 The cemetery maintenance service is considered to be a distinct service. Transaction price is
                 allocated between sales of burial plots and the maintenance services. The contract price for the
                 cemetery maintenance services is based on a nominal amount, which does not represent the fair
                 value of such services. The Group estimates the fair value of the cemetery maintenance service
                 income to be deferred based on the expected cost of providing such cemetery maintenance
                 services plus a reasonable margin. Revenue relating to the maintenance services is recognized
                 over time, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                 entity’s performance as the entity performs. The transaction price allocated to these services is
                 recognized as a contract liability at the time of the initial sales transaction and is released based
                 on expected cost over the period of service.




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024          97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     A.    For the year ended December 31, 2024 — continued

           (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies —
                   continued

                   Sales of funeral services

                   The Group offers services of planning funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting
                   of the funeral. Revenue from funeral services is recognized when services are provided. Except for
                   sales of pre-need contracts and services offered to local funeral administration authority, payment
                   of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the funeral services are provided. For
                   services offered to local funeral administration authority, the credit term is 0 –90 days upon service
                   provided.

                   Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death
                   occurring. The payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, which gives rise to contract
                   liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is
                   offered.

           (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with
                   customers

                   The transaction price of cemetery maintenance services allocated to the remaining performance
                   obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2024 and the expected timing
                   of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                 Cemetery Maintenance Services
                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

                   Within one year                                                         70,893               57,366
                   More than one year                                                     514,208              494,434


                   Total                                                                  585,101              551,800


                   Regarding the nature of the pre-need contracts amounted to RMB52,542,000 (2023:
                   RMB48,442,000), the expected timing of revenue recognition is based on the request of the
                   customers.




98        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments

          Information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer, being the Group’s chief operating decision
          maker (“CODM”), for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing
          performance, focuses on the products and services delivered or provided.

          The Group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows:

          •       Burial services — sale of burial plots and provision of cemetery maintenance services.

          •       Funeral services — planning of funeral arrangement and interment, organizing and hosting of the
                  funeral.

          •       Others services — including provision of landscape and garden design services, construction
                  services, and production and sale of cremation machines and the related maintenance services.

          Segment revenues and results

          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
          segments:

                                                         Burial     Funeral     Other      Segment
                                                       services    services   services        Total    Eliminated      Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

          For the year ended December 31, 2024:
          External sales                               1,709,205    339,191     29,088     2,077,484           —     2,077,484
          Inter-segment sales                                 —          —       8,348         8,348       (8,348)          —


          Total                                        1,709,205    339,191     37,436     2,085,832       (8,348)   2,077,484


          Segment profit (loss)                         706,754      28,664     (27,425)    707,993         1,894     709,887


          Other income, gains and losses                                                                              119,842
          Finance costs                                                                                               (16,422)
          Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                             (2,733)
          Share of loss of an associate                                                                                   (65)


          Profit before taxation                                                                                      810,509




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024             99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

      B.    Operating Segments — continued

            Segment revenues and results — continued

                                                       Burial     Funeral      Other    Segment
                                                     services    services    services      Total    Eliminated       Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

            For the year ended December 31, 2023:
            External sales                          2,165,253    397,886       64,890   2,628,029           —     2,628,029
            Inter-segment sales                            —          —        13,652      13,652      (13,652)          —


            Total                                   2,165,253    397,886       78,542   2,641,681      (13,652)   2,628,029


            Segment profit                          1,304,277      64,413       1,847   1,370,537        1,662    1,372,199


            Other income, gains and losses                                                                           85,183
            Finance costs                                                                                             (7,392)
            Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                        (18,436)


            Profit before taxation                                                                                1,431,554


            Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

            The accounting policies of the operating segments are same as those of the Group’s accounting
            policies described in Note 3. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without
            allocation of other income, gains and losses, share of loss of a joint venture, share of loss of an
            associate and finance costs. The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each
            segment. No analysis of segment asset and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not
            regularly review such information for the purposes of resources allocation and performance
            assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are presented.




100        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION — continued

     B.   Operating Segments — continued

          Geographical information

          The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue from burial services and funeral
          services by region:

                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

          Shanghai                                                             998,330          1,262,184
          Anhui                                                                165,791              166,869
          Liaoning                                                             135,906              188,694
          Henan                                                                128,421              164,076
          Jiangsu                                                               98,578              117,547
          Heilongjiang                                                          92,552               97,269
          Shandong                                                              83,168              120,097
          Jiangxi                                                               77,434              106,804
          Chongqing                                                             64,036               85,853
          Fujian                                                                57,784               64,670
          Zhejiang                                                              48,491               56,900
          Guizhou                                                               40,095               59,754
          Gansu                                                                 25,708               28,279
          Inner Mongolia                                                        14,026               19,915
          Guangxi                                                               13,675               20,887
          Shaanxi                                                                 3,077               1,696
          Hubei                                                                   1,324               1,645


          Total                                                               2,048,396         2,563,139


          Information about major customers

          No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended
          December 31, 2024 and 2023.




                                   Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024       101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


6.    OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

      Other income:
      Interest income                                                                        21,811                17,341
      Government grants (Note)                                                               27,455                29,830
      Management service income                                                                  535                3,643


                                                                                             49,801                50,814


      Net gains and losses:
      Net gain (loss) on disposal of property and equipment and
        termination of leases, net                                                             6,393                   (20)
      Net (loss) gain on disposal of cemetery assets                                            (784)               8,668
      Donation                                                                                (1,753)                 (766)
      Net foreign exchange (loss) gain                                                       (15,040)               1,633
      Gain on fair value changes of financial assets at FVTPL                                44,753                39,667
      Investment loss                                                                            —                    (393)
      Exemption of reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note 27)                        43,377                     —
      Others                                                                                  (6,905)             (14,420)


                                                                                             70,041                34,369


      Other income, gains and losses                                                        119,842                85,183


      Note: The government grants represented the amount received from the local government by certain operating subsidiaries
            of the Group to encourage the economic contributions to the society without any specific conditions.


7.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Interest on:
      — Borrowings                                                                             9,075                 2,078
      — Loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries (Note 30)                        801                  861
      — Lease liabilities                                                                      2,573                 2,359
      — Other long-term liabilities                                                            3,973                 2,094


      Total finance costs                                                                     16,422                 7,392




102        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


8.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

     Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Staff costs, including Directors’ remuneration:
     Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits                                       451,992             472,366
     Contributions to retirement benefits schemes (Note 40)                           34,728              33,994


     Total staff costs                                                               486,720             506,360


     Depreciation of property and equipment                                           55,041              56,872
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                21,729              18,730
     Amortisation of cemetery assets                                                  76,652              71,063
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              19,757              19,944
     Impairment losses recognized on property and equipment,
       intangible assets, cemetery assets and goodwill                               104,193                  —
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                            3,800               4,190
     Write-down of inventories                                                        26,651                  —


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

     Details of the emoluments paid and payable to the Directors are as follows:

                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Directors’ fees                                                                   8,740               8,640
     Other emoluments
       Discretionary bonus                                                             1,800               2,000
       Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                                       34                 188


                                                                                      10,574              10,828




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024       103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      The emoluments of the Directors on a named basis are as follows:

      For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                         Chief
                                                     Executive
                                                        Wang                      Tan Leon
                                                      Jisheng    Bai Xiaojiang         Li-an           Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

      A) Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                    3,600           3,600            —            7,200
      Discretionary bonus                                 900             900             —            1,800
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                             17              17             —               34


      Sub-total                                          4,517           4,517            —            9,034


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                              Huang James
                                               Chih-Cheng         Lu Hesheng      Zhou Lijie           Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                     240             240           240              720
      Discretionary bonus                                  —               —             —                —
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                              —                 —           —               —


      Sub-total                                           240             240           240              720




104       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


9.   DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

     For the year ended December 31, 2024 — continued

     The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
     its subsidiaries.

                                    Luo Zhuping        Ho Man         Liang Yanjun         Chen Xin             Total
                                       RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

     C) Independent
          Non-Executive
          Directors
     Directors’ fees                        240               240               240             100              820
     Discretionary bonus                     —                 —                 —               —                —
     Contributions to retirement
       benefits scheme                       —                 —                    —            —                —


     Sub-total                              240               240               240             100              820


     The independent non-executive directors’emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
     Company.

     Tan Leon Li-an was paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief
     executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                      Chief
                                                  Executive
                                                     Wang                                Tan Leon
                                                   Jisheng          Bai Xiaojiang            Li-an             Total
                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

     A) Executive Directors
     Directors’ fees                                 3,600                 3,600                —              7,200
     Discretionary bonus                             1,000                 1,000                —              2,000
     Contributions to retirement benefits
       scheme                                           74                   114                —                188


     Sub-total                                       4,674                 4,714                —              9,388




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024       105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      For the year ended December 31, 2023 — continued

      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

                                               Huang James
                                                   Chih-Cheng       Lu Hesheng        Zhou Lijie          Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

      B) Non-Executive Directors
      Directors’ fees                                    240               240              240            720
      Discretionary bonus                                 —                 —                —              —
      Contributions to retirement benefits
        scheme                                             —                 —               —              —


      Sub-total                                          240               240              240            720


      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or
      its subsidiaries.

                                    Luo Zhuping          Ho Man      Liang Yanjun      Chen Xin           Total
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

      C) Independent
           Non-Executive
           Directors
      Directors’ fees                        240             240             240              —            720
      Discretionary bonus                     —               —               —               —             —
      Contributions to retirement
        benefits scheme                       —                 —                —            —             —


      Sub-total                              240             240             240              —            720


      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
      Company.

      Tan Leon Li-an and Chen Xin were paid zero remuneration. There was no arrangement under which a director
      or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.




106        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


9.    DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS — continued

      Five Highest Paid Employees

      The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included two (2023: two) directors, details of
      whose remuneration are set out in Note 9 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining
      three (2023: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
      as follows:

                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                        3,835                4,150
      Performance related bonuses                                                      1,700                2,100
      Retirement benefits                                                                344                 341


                                                                                       5,879                6,591


      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
      within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                       No. of              No. of
                                                                                   employees         employees

      Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                  —                   —
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                         —                   —
      HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                          1                  —
      HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                          2                  3


                                                                                            3                  3


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)
      Current year                                                                   386,462              384,823
      Under provision in prior years                                                  20,045                 474
      Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                          (93,326)             70,341


                                                                                     313,181              455,638




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

      The income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 can be reconciled to the profit
      before taxation as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

      Profit before taxation                                                                   810,509             1,431,554



      Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25% (2023: 25%)                                               202,627               357,889
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                     26,162                 11,406
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                             (621)               (1,168)
      Tax effect of different tax rates                                                          (5,130)               (4,743)
      Tax effect of tax losses and deductible temporary
        differences not recognized                                                              37,760                 10,172
      Tax effect of losses of offshore entities not recognized                                    6,025                 1,970
      Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized                                        (3,457)               (5,199)
      Under provision in prior years                                                            20,045                    474
      Withholding tax on undistributed profits of PRC subsidiaries                              30,087                 87,357
      Effect of research and development expense (“R&D expenses”)
        deduction (Note)                                                                           (317)               (2,520)


      Income tax expense for the year                                                          313,181               455,638


      Note: Expenditure on research and development activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
            Enterprises incurring R&D expenses for new technology, new products or new craftsmanship can enjoy R&D
            super-deduction policy. In March 26, 2023, the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and the State
            Taxation Administration of the People’s Republic of China issued Bulletin [2023] No. 7 to allow all enterprises
            (excluding those in exceptional industries) to enjoy an R&D super-deduction rate of 100% since 2023.


      Under the EIT Law and Implementation Regulations of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is
      25%.

      According to the Ministry of Finance of the Peoples Republic of China and State Taxation Administration on
      the Implementation of tax policies related to Small Enterprises with low profits (Bulletin [2023] No. 6), the
      portion of annual taxable income amount of certain entities which does not exceed RMB1 million shall be
      computed at a reduced rate of 25% as taxable income amount and subject to corporate income tax at a tax
      rate of 20% during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027.

      On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on
      March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
      at 16.5%. No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group did not have assessable profit
      earned or derived from Hong Kong during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.




108        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE — continued

      The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules are enacted but not effective.
      However, as the Group’s consolidated annual revenue is expected to be less than EUR 750 million, the
      management of the Group is not liable to top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules.

      Under relevant tax law and implementation regulations in the PRC, dividends paid out of the net profits
      derived by the operating subsidiaries in Mainland China after 1 January 2008 are subject to the PRC
      withholding tax at a rate of 10% or a lower treaty rate in accordance with relevant tax laws in the PRC. Under
      the relevant tax treaty, withholding tax rate on distributions to Hong Kong resident companies is 5%.
      Withholding tax has been provided based on the anticipated level of dividend payout ratio of the entities in
      Mainland China. The Company and Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited as Hong Kong resident
      companies applied the withholding tax rate on distributions of 5% during the year of 2024 (2023: 10%).

11.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognized as
        distributions during the year
      2024 Interim — HK 6.38cents
        (2023: 2023 Interim — HK 9.06 cents) per share                                  135,698           192,907
      2024 Special Dividend — HK 21.39cents
        (2023: Nil) per share                                                           454,884                —
      2023 Final — HK 6.86 cents
        (2023: 2022 Final — HK 7.58 cents) per share                                    145,249           162,126


                                                                                        735,831           355,033


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended December 31,
      2024 of HK9.54 cents per share and a special dividend of HK38.82 cents per Share have been proposed by
      the Directors. The final dividend of HK9.54 cents per share is subject to approval by the shareholders in the
      forthcoming general meeting. The final dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on
      the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Tuesday, June 17, 2025. The special
      dividend will be payable to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
      Company at the close of business on Friday, April 11, 2025, Tuesday, July 15, 2025, Thursday, October 16,
      2025, respectively.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
      following data:

                                                                                        2024                2023

      Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)            373,134             791,240
      Earnings for the purposes of basic earnings per share (RMB’000)                373,134             791,240
      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
        basic earnings per share                                               2,271,063,422      2,271,063,422


      No diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 as there were no potential
      ordinary shares in issue.




110       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


13.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                       Furniture,
                                                   Leasehold        fixtures and      Motor      Construction
                                      Buildings improvements          equipment     vehicles      in progress      Total
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2023                  560,409        62,217         130,833       47,358          137,238     938,055
      Additions                             4,902         5,179           9,670       10,845            3,005      33,601
      Acquired on acquisition of a
         subsidiary                         9,127            —               463         204               —         9,794
      Transfer                             18,068           642              556          —           (19,266)          —
      Disposals                              (474)       (6,200)          (3,325)     (3,347)              —       (13,346)

      At December 31, 2023                592,032        61,838         138,197       55,060          120,977     968,104

      Additions                             9,027         8,460          11,292        5,414           35,684       69,877
      Transfer                              9,339            —            1,645           —           (10,984)          —
      Disposals                            (1,815)         (326)         (8,633)      (6,389)          (2,810)     (19,973)

      At December 31, 2024                608,583        69,972         142,501       54,085          142,867    1,018,008

      DEPRECIATION AND
         IMPAIRMENT
      At January 1, 2023                  201,194        53,187          79,203       32,610               —      366,194
      Provided for the year                29,353          6,469         16,165         4,885              —        56,872
      Eliminated on disposals                (470)        (5,211)         (2,577)      (2,936)             —       (11,194)

      At December 31, 2023                230,077        54,445          92,791       34,559               —      411,872


      Provided for the year                29,612         4,736          14,132        6,561               —        55,041
      Eliminated on disposals              (1,570)         (265)         (7,983)      (6,069)              —       (15,887)
      Impairment loss recognized in
         profit or loss (Note 17)              94            —                41         116            1,055       1,306

      At December 31, 2024                258,213        58,916          98,981       35,167            1,055     452,332

      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2023                361,955         7,393          45,406       20,501          120,977     556,232


      At December 31, 2024                350,370        11,056          43,520       18,918          141,812     565,676


      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a straight-
      line basis, after taking into account their estimated residual values, at the following rates per annum where
      applicable:

      Buildings                                 Over the shorter of the remaining lease term of land or useful life of
                                                  buildings of 30 years
      Leasehold improvements                    Over the shorter of the remaining lease term or useful life of 5 years
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment         9.50%–31.67%
      Motor vehicles                            19.00%–25.00%

      As at December 31, 2024, the title certificates for certain buildings of the Group with carrying value of
      approximately RMB86,681,000 (2023: RMB79,425,000) had not been obtained.




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2024         111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


14.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                      Leased
                                                         Leasehold land            properties             Total
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000

      At December 31, 2024
      Carrying amount                                              58,444            121,201             179,645


      At December 31, 2023
      Carrying amount                                              60,082              43,486            103,568


      For the year ended December 31, 2024
      Depreciation charge                                          (2,535)            (17,222)            (19,757)


      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      Depreciation charge                                          (2,233)            (17,711)            (19,944)


                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Expense relating to short-term leases                                             1,139               1,268


      Expense relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term
        leases of low-value assets                                                      5,643               3,263


      Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
        liabilities                                                                       286                 300


      Total cash outflow for leases                                                    26,550              26,323


      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                 95,834               6,801


      For both years, the Group leases land and properties for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for
      fixed term of 1 year to 25 years (2023: 1 year to 25 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period
      for which the contract is enforceable.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2024, the portfolio of
      short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases entered during the year.

      Restrictions or covenants on leases

      In addition, lease liabilities of RMB131,296,000 (2023: RMB52,371,000) are recognized with related
      right-of-use assets of RMB121,201,000 (2023: RMB43,486,000) as at December 31, 2024. The lease
      agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
      by the lessor. Leased properties may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




112       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


15.   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                                                      RMB’000

      FAIR VALUE
      At January 1, 2023                                                                                                   6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2023                                                                                                 6,509
      Addition                                                                                                                —
      Net increase in fair value recognized in profit or loss                                                                  —


      At December 31, 2024                                                                                                 6,509


      The Group’s property held for earn rentals and capital appreciation purposes is accounted for as investment
      property and measured using the fair value model.

      In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of investment property as at December 31, 2024 and December
      31, 2023 approximates to the carrying value after taking account of market comparable data.

      The following table gives information about how the fair values of these investment properties as at December
      31, 2024 are determined (in particular, the valuation approaches and inputs used), as well as the fair value
      hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorise based on the degree to which the inputs to
      the fair value measurements is observable.

      Investment property held by the
      Group in the consolidated statement             Fair value
      of financial position                           hierarchy        Valuation technique and key input(s)

      Residential property located in Shanghai Level 3                 Market unit rate, taking into account the recent
        — completed property RMB6,509,000                                 transaction prices for similar properties adjusted
        (2023: RMB6,509,000)                                              for nature, location and conditions of the
                                                                          property.

                                                                       The key input: Price per square meter RMB67,000
                                                                          (2023: RMB67,000) (Note)

      Note: Any significant isolated increases (decreases) in these inputs would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
            measurement.




                                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2024            113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                   License for
                                                                                   provision of
                                            Computer          Concession                funeral
                                             software          agreement              services               Total
                                             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2023                        42,745             264,543               11,808             319,096
      Additions                                  7,075              47,815                   —               54,890


      At December 31, 2023                      49,820             312,358               11,808             373,986
      Additions                                  5,321               7,713                   —               13,034


      At December 31, 2024                      55,141             320,071               11,808             387,020


      AMORTISATION AND
        IMPAIRMENT
      At January 1, 2023                        26,349              19,133                    —              45,482
      Provided for the year                      8,395              10,335                    —              18,730


      At December 31, 2023                      34,744              29,468                    —              64,212
      Provided for the year                      7,107              14,622                    —              21,729
      Impairment loss recognized
        in profit or loss                            —              43,777                    —              43,777


      At December 31, 2024                      41,851              87,867                    —             129,718


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2023                      15,076             282,890               11,808             309,774



      At December 31, 2024                      13,290             232,204               11,808             257,302


      Computer software has finite useful life and is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life
      of 5 years.

      Concession agreement

      Concession agreement mainly represents the right obtained from a government body to provide services that
      give the public access to a funeral parlour or cemetery in accordance with a service concession arrangement,
      pursuant to which the Group is committed to upgrade and construct the relevant property and equipment and
      return it to the government body at the end of concession period. Concession agreement also represents the
      right obtained from an entity or an organization to perform the operation and management of a cemetery on its
      behalf within the concession period in accordance with a service concession agreement. The concession
      agreements are amortized over the agreed concession period.




114       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS — continued

      Concession agreement — continued

      During the current year, based on the evaluation of the updated business environment and projection of
      operating cash flow of a cemetery project located in Liaoning Province under a service concession
      agreement, the management of the Group concluded there was indication for impairment and conducted
      impairment assessment on concession agreement with finite useful life with carrying amount of
      RMB43,777,000. The recoverable amount of the related concession agreement, within the burial services
      segments, is estimated individually and have been determined based on the value in use. The Group
      estimates the value in use of the concession agreement using a discount rate of 14%. The relevant intangible
      assets were impaired to the recoverable amount of nil, which is the carrying value at year end and the
      impairment of RMB43,777,000 has been recognized in profit or loss during the year.

      License for provision of funeral services

      The management is of the opinion that the Group would renew the license for provision of funeral services
      issued by the relevant authorities in Chongqing continuously with minimal cost and has the ability to do so. As
      such, the management considers such license carries an indefinite useful life and is carried at cost less any
      subsequent impairment losses, if any.

      The license will not be amortized until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it will be tested for
      impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
      impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the management determined that there was
      no impairment of license.

      During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group performed impairment review for the license of the
      cash-generating units (“CGUs”) of Chongqing Fushouyuan Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd (“Chongqing
      Fushouyuan Life Science”) based on cash flow forecasts. The key assumptions for the cash flow forecasts are
      those regarding the discount rates, growth rates and expected changes to selling prices and direct costs
      during the period. The cash flow forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets for the next ten
      years were approved by management using pre-tax discount rate of 14% (2023: 14%) per annum which
      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs. The cash
      flows beyond the next 10 years (2023: 10 years) are extrapolated using a growth rate of 2.5% (2023: 3%) per
      annum. The growth rates are by reference to industry growth forecasts. The recoverable amount is above the
      carrying amount of CGUs. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not result in impairment.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024        115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


17.   GOODWILL

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to each of the individual CGUs relating to
      24 subsidiaries (2023: 24). The movements of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are
      as follows:

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2023                                                                                1,091,243
      Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36)                                                     37,806
      At December 31, 2023 and 2024                                                                     1,129,049


      IMPAIRMENT
      At January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023                                                                 —
      Impairment loss recognized in the year                                                               22,973
      At December 31, 2024                                                                                 22,973


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2024                                                                              1,106,076



      At December 31, 2023                                                                              1,129,049




116       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      The carrying amounts of goodwill as at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

      Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”)                                                     9,595               9,595
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd. (“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”)                    3,738               3,738
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”)                14,769              14,769
      Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.
        (“Chongqing Baitayuan”)                                                     47,458              47,458
      Nanchang Fu Shou Yuan Funerial Co., Ltd.
        (“Meilin Century Cemetery”)                                                 18,899              18,899
      Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape CemeteryCo., Ltd.
        (“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”)                                          47,245              47,245
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.
        (“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”)                                             36,107              36,107
      Anyang Fu Shou Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”)                                             2,425               2,425
      Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”)                                           87,425              87,425
      Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”)                                                    —             22,973
      Luoyang Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”)                                                 23,451              23,451
      Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd. (“Temshine”)                      23,433              23,433
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co.,Ltd.
        (“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”)                                              22,756              22,756
      Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”)                                              12,903              12,903
      Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”)                                                    19,123              19,123
      Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.
        (“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”)                                               35,721              35,721
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”)               13,560              13,560
      Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Jinsha Fuze”)                      66,176              66,176
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.
        (“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”)                                             352,880             352,880
      Anhui Longmen Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Anhui Longmen”)                    90,673              90,673
      Heze Fuluyuan Culture Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Heze Fuluyuan”)                   101,226             101,226
      Zhengzhou Anletang Funeral Service Co., Ltd.
        (“Zhengzhou Anletang”)                                                       1,113               1,113
      Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan                                                            37,594              37,594
      Yan’an Hongfu Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Yan’an Hongfu”)                            37,806              37,806


                                                                                 1,106,076        1,129,049




                                     Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


17.   GOODWILL — continued

      In addition to goodwill above, property and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets (including
      allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included in
      the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment assessment.

      The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs has been determined based on value in use calculations. The
      key assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding projections of cash flows and discount
      rates based on management’s view of future business. Management estimates discount rates using pre-tax
      rates that reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGUs.
      The growth rates in the first ten-year period are by reference to industry growth forecasts. Changes in selling
      prices and direct costs are based on past practices and expectations of future changes in the market. The
      major underlying assumptions are summarized below.

      All these calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
      covering a ten-year (2023: ten-year) period and pre-tax discount rate of 14% (2023: 14%). Cash flow beyond
      that ten-year period are extrapolated using a steady 2.5% (2023: 3%) growth rate. Management believes that
      any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the respective carrying amount
      of Haigang Fu Shou Yuan, Jinzhou Maoshan Anling, Henan Fu Shou Yuan, Chongqing Baitayuan, Meilin
      Century Cemetery, Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery, Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery, Anyang Tianshouyuan
      Cemetery, Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery, Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery, Temshine, Guangxi Huazuyuan
      Cemetery, Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery, Guizhou Tianyuanshan, Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery, Hubei
      Tiansheng Cemetery, Jinsha Fuze, Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery, Anhui Longmen, Heze Fuluyuan, Zhengzhou
      Anletang, Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan and Yan’an Hongfu to exceed the respective recoverable amount of the
      respective CGUs.

      During the current year, based on the evaluation of the updated business environment and projection of
      operating cash flow of Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai, the management conducted impairment assessment and
      recognized full impairment losses of RMB22,973,000, RMB1,306,000 and RMB36,137,000 in respect of the
      carrying amounts of related goodwill, property and equipment and cemetery assets.




118       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS

                                           Leasehold          Landscape        Development
                                                 land            facilities             costs               Total
                                            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

      COST
      At January 1, 2023                    1,513,425               417,923          425,717            2,357,065
      Additions                               120,085                 5,175            45,467             170,727
      Acquired on acquisition of
        a subsidiary                           79,948                    —              5,628              85,576
      Transfer to inventories                 (36,322)               (1,806)           (2,210)            (40,338)
      Disposal                                 (5,557)               (3,367)               —               (8,924)


      At December 31, 2023                  1,671,579               417,925          474,602            2,564,106
      Additions                                19,546                17,438            17,436              54,420
      Transfer to inventories                 (17,210)               (4,305)           (3,911)            (25,426)
      Disposal                                     —                 (1,250)               —               (1,250)


      At December 31, 2024                  1,673,915               429,808          488,127            2,591,850


      AMORTISATION AND
        IMPAIRMENT
      At January 1, 2023                      226,852               134,311            65,252             426,415
      Provided for the year                    38,273                21,949            10,841              71,063
      Eliminated on transfer                   (2,941)                 (144)             (121)             (3,206)
      Disposal                                 (2,175)               (2,643)               —               (4,818)


      At December 31, 2023                    260,009               153,473            75,972             489,454
      Provided for the year                    42,118                23,135            11,399              76,652
      Eliminated on transfer                   (2,363)               (2,300)             (688)             (5,351)
      Disposal                                     —                   (451)               —                 (451)
      Impairment loss recognized
        in profit or loss (Note 17)            30,230                  843              5,064              36,137


      At December 31, 2024                    329,994               174,700            91,747             596,441


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2023                  1,411,570               264,452          398,630            2,074,652



      At December 31, 2024                  1,343,921               255,108          396,380            1,995,409


      The leasehold land mainly represents leasehold land located in Mainland China having finite useful lives which
      are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
      and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.


                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024        119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


18.   CEMETERY ASSETS — continued

      Landscape facilities represent the construction cost of facilities such as arbors and bridges in the mausoleum.
      Amortisation for landscape facilities is provided on a straight-line basis over shorter of the remaining lease
      term of land or useful life of 20 years.

      Development costs represent the cost paid for the foundation work and putting the land into the condition
      ready for development of cemetery business. Amortisation for development cost is provided on a straight-line
      basis over the estimated useful life (same as leasehold land over the lease terms).

      Upon commencement of development of the cemetery with the intention of sale in the ordinary course of
      business of the Group, the related carrying amounts of cemetery assets are transferred to inventories.

19.   RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

      Restricted deposits represent the deposits which are placed in designated joint controlled bank accounts with
      local funeral associations. In accordance with the requirements of local authorities, the balances are provided
      based on certain percentages of cemetery sales of certain subsidiaries for the use of cemetery maintenance.
      The restricted deposits can be drawn only with simultaneous approvals from both sides of the subsidiary and
      the respective funeral association for cemetery maintenance expenditure.

20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE

                                                                                                                   31/12/2024                  31/12/2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000

      Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                                               94,782                      79,820
      Share of loss of a joint venture                                                                                    (40,369)                   (37,636)


                                                                                                                          54,413                      42,184


      Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                              Country of       Principal   Proportion of ownership Proportion of voting
                                              incorporation/   place of         interest held         rights held by       Cost of investment Principal
      Name of entity#                         registration     business         by the Group            the Group            by the Group     activity
                                                                                2024        2023       2024       2023       2024       2023
                                                                                  %           %          %          %     RMB’000    RMB’000

      Jiaxing Fuji Equity Investment          PRC              PRC              49.85      49.89      40.00       40.00     94,782     79,820 Investment holding
          Partnership (Limited Partnership)
          嘉興福冀股權投資合夥企業 (有限
          合夥) (“Jiaxing Fuji”) (Note)

      #
          :    The English name of the joint venture established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note: During the year, the Group and other general partner of Jiaxing Fuji made additional investment in Jiaxing Fuji in the
            same proportion of ownership interest. Jiaxing Fuji received RMB14,962,000 from the Group and hence, the Group’s
            cost of investment increased from RMB79,820,000 to RMB94,782,000 as at December 31, 2024.




120           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


20.   INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE — continued

      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s joint venture is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

      Jiaxing Fuji

                                                                                   31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                  123,025             101,090



      Non-current assets                                                              155,915             158,544



      Current liabilities                                                             141,542             150,735


      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:

                                                                                   31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                        20,889               9,696



      Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and
        provisions)                                                                    39,300              38,000


                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          45,312              39,605



      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                 (1,462)           (44,449)



      Loss and total comprehensive expense
        for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                             (3,776)           (31,348)
      Non-controlling interests                                                         2,314             (13,101)


                                                                                        (1,462)           (44,449)


      The carrying amount of the interest in Jiaxing Fuji recognized in the consolidated financial statements was
      adjusted by the priority distribution of profits. Hence, the share of loss of a joint venture was RMB2,733,000
      during the year of 2024 (2023: RMB18,436,000).


                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION

      The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognized by the Group and movements thereon
      during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:

                              Withholding
                                    tax on
                             undistributed
                               profit from                                            Loss            Fair value    Right-of-use           Lease      Cemetery
                             the PRC(note 1) Contract liabilities   Tax losses    allowance    Adjustment(note 2)        assets         liabilities     assets           Total
                                 RMB’000               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

      At January 1,
          2023                          —                59,560        17,817         1,884            (132,186)         (15,698)         15,698            —          (52,925)
      (Charge) credit to
          profit or loss
          (Note 10)                (87,357)              11,348           (934)        (110)               5,416          3,902            (2,606)          —          (70,341)


      At December 31,
          2023                     (87,357)              70,908        16,883         1,774            (126,770)         (11,796)         13,092            —         (123,266)



      Credit (Charge) to
          profit or loss
          (Note 10)                57,270                  9,623       (12,211)      15,363                7,971         (18,693)         18,613        15,390         93,326


      At December 31,
          2024                     (30,087)              80,531          4,672       17,137            (118,799)         (30,489)         31,705        15,390         (29,940)



      Note 1:          Such withholding tax has been accrued and will be paid out only when relevant profits are remitted from Mainland
                       China subsidiaries to the Hong Kong company.

      Note 2: Fair value adjustment mainly refers to revaluation of property and equipment and cemetery assets upon the
              business combination arose from acquisition of subsidiaries.

      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                                                                   31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                      RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             120,956                     92,871
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                       (150,896)                   (216,137)


                                                                                                                                      (29,940)                   (123,266)


      The deferred tax balances have reflected the tax rates that are expected to apply in the respective years when
      the asset is realized or the liability is settled.




122            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                              Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


21.   DEFERRED TAXATION — continued

      The Group has unused tax losses of the PRC subsidiaries and offshore subsidiaries of approximately
      RMB284,385,000 (2023: RMB197,043,000) as at December 31, 2024. Deferred tax assets have been
      recognized in respect of approximately RMB24,232,000 (2023: RMB67,532,000) of such losses as at
      December 31, 2024. No deferred tax assets of the offshore subsidiaries have been recognized in respect of
      the remaining approximately RMB63,403,000 (2023: RMB39,303,000) as at December 31, 2024 due to the
      unrecognized losses of offshore entities which can be utilized indefinitely. No deferred tax assets of the PRC
      subsidiaries have been recognized in respect of the remaining approximately RMB196,750,000 (2023:
      RMB90,208,000) as at December 31, 2024 due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

      Pursuant to the rules and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognized tax losses at the end of each reporting
      period will expire in five years. The deductible tax losses as bellows:

                                                                                   31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      2024                                                                                 —                4,191
      2025                                                                              9,305              12,108
      2026                                                                             58,770              38,474
      2027                                                                             21,600              13,507
      2028                                                                             32,625              21,928
      2029                                                                             74,450                  —


                                                                                      196,750              90,208


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has deductible temporary differences of RMB77,711,000. No
      deferred tax asset has been recognised in relation to such deductible temporary difference as it is not
      probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be
      utilised.

22.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                   31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Burial plots                                                                    450,015             415,344
      Tombstone                                                                        86,983              90,308
      Others                                                                           39,328              52,339


                                                                                      576,326             557,991


      As at December 31, 2024, inventories are net of a write-down of RMB32,875,000 (2023: RMB6,224,000).




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


23.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                         31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trade receivables from contract with customers                                         125,217              144,131
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                      (27,002)                (5,018)


                                                                                              98,215              139,113



      Other receivables comprise:
      Prepayments and rental deposits on properties                                            3,849                 2,938
      Staff advances                                                                             465                   757
      Deposits for projects                                                                    6,618                 6,865
      Prepayments to suppliers                                                                 1,171                13,913
      Interest receivables                                                                       195                 3,129
      Receivables from disposal of equity investment (Note)                                       —                 30,861
      Loans to third parties in connection with a cemetery project                            12,192                12,192
      Others                                                                                  11,818                12,615
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                        (1,601)                  —


                                                                                             132,922              222,383


      Note: In December 2023, Shanghai FSY Industry Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”) entered into an agreement with
            the controlling shareholder of Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd. (“Huaxia Cemetery”) to dispose its equity
            interest for a consideration of RMB30,861,000. Therefore, as at December 31, 2023, the equity investment in Huaxia
            Cemetery was derecognized and the above-mentioned consideration was fully received in January 2024.


      As at 1 January 2023, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB137,875,000.

      The aging analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the invoice
      date at the end of reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                         31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                         42,459                71,594
      Over one year but less than two years                                                   34,166                36,759
      Over two years but less than three years                                                10,537                29,292
      Over three years but less than four years                                               10,427                   840
      Over four years but less than five years                                                   626                   628


                                                                                              98,215              139,113


      Certain portion of trade receivables of sales of cremation machines with instant settlement arrangement is not
      considered past due as the Group maintains good relationship with the customers and do not notice any
      delay or expected delay in payment.



124        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:

                                                                                                               31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Unlisted cash management products                                                                             589,176                   776,501

                                                                                                                    589,176                   776,501


      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                                                589,176                   776,501
      Non-current assets                                                                                                 —                         —

                                                                                                                    589,176                   776,501


      Unlisted cash management products

      During the year, the Group entered into a number of cash management products as part of its treasury
      management.

      Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Expected Principal-
      Bank                               Name of products (Note)          Currency    Amount Term/call date                      yield rate guaranteed
                                                                                     RMB’000

      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank   Tian Tian Li Pu Tian Tong Ying   RMB          98,932 Redeemable on call after              1.38% N
                                             (天添利浦天同盈1號)                                         1 work day on work day
      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank   Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan         RMB          72,893 Redeemable on call after              1.81% N
                                             (“天添利普惠計劃”)                                         1 work day on work day
      Subtotal                                                            RMB         171,825


      Bank of Shanghai                   Yi Jing Ling (易精靈)               RMB          51,835 Redeemable on call after              1.59% N
                                                                                                 1 work day on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB          51,835


      Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank     Ji Ji Xin Li (公司款季季鑫利            RMB          35,000 Redeemable on call after        2.15%~2.95% N
                                              3個月定開)                                             90 work days on work day
      Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank     Xin Zeng Li (鑫增利19026期)          RMB          30,057 Redeemable on call after        2.25%~3.05% N
                                                                                                 180 work days on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB          65,057


      China Industrial Bank              Xing Yin Li Cai Tian Li Kuai     RMB         140,600 Redeemable on call after              2.06% N
                                             Xian F 興銀理財添利快綫F                                    1 work day on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB         140,600


      China Construction Bank            Heng Ying Fa Ren Ban             RMB         139,601 Redeemable on call after              1.75% N
                                             (恒嬴（法人版）)                                           1 work day on work day
      China Construction Bank            Jia Xin Gu Shou Lei An Ri        RMB          20,258 Redeemable on call after              1.79% N
                                             (嘉鑫固收類按日)                                           1 work day on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB         159,859


      Total                                                               RMB         589,176




                                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                     Annual Report 2024               125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS — continued

      Unlisted cash management products — continued

      Details of the cash management products as at December 31, 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                Expected yield Principal-
      Bank                               Name of products (Note)          Currency       Amount Term/call date                            rate guaranteed
                                                                                        RMB’000

      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank   Tian Tian Li Pu Tian Tong Ying   RMB             91,202 Redeemable on call after              2.37% N
                                             (天添利浦天同盈1號)                                            1 work day on work day
      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank   Tian Tian Li Pu Hui Plan         RMB            147,934 Redeemable on call after              2.19% N
                                             (“天添利普惠計劃”)                                            1 work day on work day
      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank   Gong Si Tian Li                  RMB             30,277 February 2, 2024                    0.10% or Y
                                             (公司添利23JG5171期)                                                                            3.70%


      Subtotal                                                            RMB            269,413


      Bank of Shanghai                   Yi Jing Ling (易精靈)               RMB             50,000 Redeemable on call after              1.95% N
                                                                                                    1 work day on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB             50,000


      Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank     Ji Ji Xin Li (公司款季季鑫利3個          RMB             35,206 Redeemable on call after       2.45%~3.35% N
                                              月定開)                                                  90 work days on work day
      Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank     Tian Tian Ying (天天盈C款)           RMB             31,109 Redeemable on call after              2.18% N
                                                                                                    1 work day on work day
      Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank     Xin Zeng Li (鑫增利19026期)          RMB             30,057 Redeemable on call after       2.65%~3.55% N
                                                                                                    180 work days on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB             96,372


      China Industrial Bank              Jin Xue Qiu Wen Li Ji Ji Feng    RMB            101,737 March 2, 2024                  3.00%~3.50% N
                                             (金雪球穩利季季豐)
      China Industrial Bank              Jin Xue Qiu Wen Li Lu Lu Fa      RMB            101,696 June 2, 2024                   3.30%~3.80% N
                                             (金雪球穩利陸陸發)


      Subtotal                                                            RMB            203,433


      China Construction Bank            Heng Ying Fa Ren Ban                            157,283 Redeemable on call after              2.04% N
                                            (恒嬴（法人版）)                                               1 work day on work day


      Subtotal                                                            RMB            157,283


      Total                                                               RMB            776,501



      Note: Investment portfolio of the products includes government debt instruments, treasury notes, corporate bonds etc.


      The cash management products have been accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL on initial recognition.
      In the opinion of the Directors, the fair value of the cash management products at December 31, 2024
      and December 31, 2023 approximated their carrying amounts.




126           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                           Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


25.   TIME DEPOSITS

                                                                                 31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

      — RMB                                                                         365,087             339,415
      — US Dollar (“US$”)                                                            30,921              28,331


                                                                                    396,008             367,746



      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                188,375             167,746
      Non-current assets                                                            207,633             200,000


                                                                                    396,008             367,746


      As at December 31, 2024, the Group had fixed-term deposits of RMB396,008,000 in banks with original
      maturity of six months to three years and fixed interest rate ranging from 1.60% to 4.43% per annum.
      (December 31, 2023: fixed interest rate ranging from 1.50% to 5.47% per annum).

26.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH

      Bank balances of the Group denominated in RMB, HK$, US$ and Japanese Yen (“JPY”) carry variable interest
      rate as follows:

                                                                                 31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

      Interest rate per annum
      — RMB                                                                 0.10%–1.35%         0.20%–2.03%
      — HK$                                                                 0.01%–3.74%                  0.01%
      — US$                                                                          0.05%               0.05%
      — JPY                                                                              —          0.0001%

      The bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than RMB are set out below:

                                                                                 31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

      HK$                                                                           560,431              46,280
      US$                                                                               7,886             2,270
      JPY                                                                                  —              5,921


                                                                                    568,317              54,471




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


27.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                         31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trade payables                                                                         319,760              306,832


      Other payables comprise:
      Advances and deposits from customers                                                    17,829                20,334
      Payables for acquisition of property and equipment                                          —                    604
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                     130,860              152,551
      Other accrued expenses                                                                  25,721                45,350
      Consideration payables for acquisition of subsidiaries                                  22,217                31,773
      Reimbursed payables due to third parties (Note)                                             —                 43,377
      Others                                                                                 151,177                57,523


                                                                                             667,564              658,344


      Note: In June 2022, reimbursed payables due to third parties of RMB57,829,000 were recognized at the date of acquisition
            of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan. During the period from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2023, the Group settled
            RMB14,452,000 and the remaining balance of reimbursed payables due to third parties of RMB43,377,000 was
            exempted by the creditors and was therefore recorded in other income, gains and losses in 2024.


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the year end:

                                                                                         31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

      0–90 days                                                                               75,060                89,307
      91–180 days                                                                             22,450                25,971
      181–365 days                                                                            48,263                50,117
      Over 365 days                                                                          173,987              141,437


                                                                                             319,760              306,832


      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 181 to 365 days.




128        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


28.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                    31/12/2024        31/12/2023
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

      Cemetery maintenance services                                                    585,101              551,800
      Sales of pre-need contracts                                                       52,542               48,442


                                                                                       637,643              600,242



      Current                                                                          123,435              105,808
      Non-current                                                                      514,208              494,434


                                                                                       637,643              600,242


      As at 1 January 2023, contract liabilities amounted to RMB552,693,000.

      Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized are as follows:

      Cemetery maintenance services

      The Group provides on-going cemetery maintenance services as part of the burial services to maintain the
      landscaped cemeteries and the large number of memorials that lie on the cemeteries.

      Customers who purchase burial services at certain locations are required to make advance payments for
      maintenance fees, relating to the maintenance of their cremation niches or burial lots and memorials over 10
      to 20 years, and such amounts are generally paid together with the purchase of the Group’s burial services.

      During the year ended December 31, 2024, the contract liability of RMB58,992,000 (2023: RMB51,485,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the cemetery maintenance services were
      offered.

      Sales of pre-need contracts

      Sales of pre-need contracts is sales of funeral services based on a contract prior to death occurring. The
      payment is due when the pre-need contract is signed, this gives rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
      contract, until the revenue is recognized when the funeral service is offered. Therefore, this part of advance
      payment is classified as current liabilities of the Group.

      During the year ended December 31, 2024, the contract liability of RMB2,848,000 (2023: RMB2,986,000)
      recorded at the beginning of the year was recognized as revenue as the funeral services were offered.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


29.   BORROWINGS

                                                                                                    Carrying amount
                                                                          Effective           31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                        Maturity Date                 interest rate             RMB’000               RMB’000

      Fixed-rate borrowings:            October 23, 2024                    5.50%                       —             200,000
          Unsecured bank loan


30.   LOANS FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                              31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

      Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology
          Development Co. Ltd.* (Note 1) (重慶國隆農業科技發展有限公司)                                          18,524               18,130
      Individual A (Note 1)                                                                            270                258
      Individual B and Individual C (Note 2)                                                       11,672               11,050


                                                                                                   30,466               29,438



      Current                                                                                      30,466               29,438
      Non-current                                                                                      —                    —


                                                                                                   30,466               29,438


      *      The English name of the entity established in the PRC is translated for identification purpose only.

      Note 1:   The loans from Chongqing Guolong Agricultural Science and Technology Development Co. Ltd. and Individual A
                were extended in 2024 and carry a fixed interest rate at 4.35% and 6.00% per annum respectively. They are due
                within one year from the extension date.

      Note 2: In 2021, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan lent RMB101,720,000 to Heze Fuluyuan with zero interest rate in connection with
              the acquisition of the landbank. After the acquisition of Heze Fuluyuan in December 2021, the non-controlling
              shareholders of Heze Fuluyuan, named Individual B and Individual C, and Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into a
              supplementary agreement in June 2022, whereby Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan agreed to transfer part of the creditor’s
              right amounting to RMB10,172,000 to Individual B and Individual C as part of the consideration for the acquisition
              of Heze Fuluyuan, resulting in loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries. During the year of 2024,
              Individual B and Individual C also provided an additional loan of RMB622,000 (2023: RMB878,000) to Heze
              Fuluyuan for construction of cemetery projects. As at December 31, 2024, the balance of the loan from Individual
              B and Individual C was RMB11,672,000 (December 31, 2023: RMB11,050,000).




130         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


31.   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                  31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                 19,752              23,156
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years               17,282              13,119
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years             24,647              15,124
      Within a period of more than five years                                         69,615                  972


      Subtotal                                                                       131,296              52,371


      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
                 current liabilities                                                  (19,752)            (23,156)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
        non-current liabilities                                                      111,544              29,215


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities is 3.86% (2023: 4.20%).

32.   OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                                                  31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Liabilities for leasehold land                                                  29,382              39,075
      Concession payables                                                             44,964              45,111
      Other                                                                           10,955              11,765


                                                                                      85,301              95,951


33.   SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                      shares             Amount
                                                                                                              US$

      Ordinary shares of US$0.01 each
      Authorized:
      At January 1, 2023, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024             20,000,000,000         200,000,000




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


33.   SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY — continued

                                                                                                      Shown in the
                                                                                                      consolidated
                                                                  Number of                                financial
                                                                     shares             Amount       statements as
                                                                                            US$            RMB’000

      Issued and fully paid:
      At January 1, 2023, at December 31, 2023,
        at December 31, 2024                                 2,319,863,422           23,198,634                142,148


34.   RESERVES

      Statutory surplus reserve

      As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to
      maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund which is non-distributable. An appropriation to such reserve is made
      out of net profit after tax as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the
      amounts and allocation basis are decided by their respective boards of directors annually. The appropriation,
      however, must be at least 10% of profit after tax and may cease when the fund balance reaches 50% of the
      registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be used to make up prior
      year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means of a capitalization issue.

      Special reserve

      The special reserve consisted of an amount of RMB5,000,000 representing deemed contribution from the
      equity holders pursuant to a Group’s reorganization and an amount of RMB79,667,000 representing deemed
      contribution from the founding shareholders as a result of a waiver of liabilities by such founding shareholders
      prior to the Company’s listing.

      Other reserve

      Other reserve represents the difference between the proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net
      assets of non-wholly owned subsidiaries transferred from non-controlling interests and the consideration paid
      to acquire the respective from non-controlling interests.




132       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


35.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

      Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

      The Company has adopted a restricted share incentive scheme on November 29, 2019 to provide incentive or
      reward to Eligible Participants including the Directors and employees for their contribution or potential
      contribution to the Company. The Company entered into a trust deed with the Computershare Hong Kong
      Trustees Limited as the trustee for the administration of the scheme.

      During the year of 2024, the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme purchased nil (2023: nil) of the
      Company’s shares from the open market.

      The shares purchased by the trustee that are not yet granted for this restricted share incentive scheme were
      recorded as treasury shares of the Group. As at December 31, 2024, there were 48,800,000 (2023:
      48,800,000) treasury shares held through the trustee of the restricted share incentive scheme, and no such
      shares have been granted.

36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

      There was no acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2024.

      The following acquisition has been completed during the year ended December 31, 2023.

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu

      In June 2023, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan entered into an agreement with Jiaxing Fuji to acquire equity interest in
      Yan’an Hongfu for a total consideration of RMB41,000,000. The acquisition has been completed in June 2023
      and has been accounted for using the acquisition method. The amount of goodwill arising as a result of the
      acquisition was RMB37,806,000. Yan’an Hongfu is mainly engaged in burial service and was acquired as part
      of the Group’s expansion. As at December 31, 2023, the Group has acquired 100% equity interest in Yan’an
      Hongfu.

      Consideration transferred

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Cash consideration paid in 2023                                                                      41,000


      As at December 31, 2023, the Group has fully paid the consideration to acquire Yan’an Hongfu.




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu — continued

      Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Property and equipment                                                                                9,794
      Cemetery assets                                                                                      85,576
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                201
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                6,397
      Salary, welfare and bonus payables                                                                         (81)
      Trade and other payables                                                                            (86,355)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                   (450)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                         (11,888)


      Net assets acquired                                                                                   3,194


      Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                        RMB’000

      Consideration transferred                                                                            41,000
      Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                      (3,194)


      Total                                                                                                37,806


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Yan’an Hongfu because the consideration for the combination effectively
      included amounts in relation to the future business growth of Yan’an Hongfu. These benefits are not
      recognized separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on the above acquisition is expected to be deductible for the tax purposes.




134        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


36.   ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

      Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Yan’an Hongfu — continued

      Net cash outflow on acquisition of Yan’an Hongfu

                                                                                                         RMB’000

      Consideration paid in cash                                                                            41,000
      Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                              (6,397)


      Total                                                                                                 34,603


      Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

      Included in the profit for the year ended 2023 is a loss of approximately RMB2,501,000 which is attributable to
      Yan’an Hongfu.

      Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2023, total Group revenue for the year ended 2023 would
      have been RMB2,629,179,000 and profit for the year would have been RMB973,991,000. The pro forma
      information is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of
      operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
      January 1, 2023, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

      In determining the “pro-forma” revenue and profit of the Group had Yan’an Hongfu been acquired at the
      beginning of the current year, the Directors have calculated depreciation of property and equipment, cemetery
      assets acquired on the basis of the fair values arising in the initial accounting for the business combination
      rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the pre-acquisition financial statements.

37.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which mainly includes borrowings, loans from
      non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, lease liabilities, other long-term liabilities, net of restricted
      deposits, time deposits, bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to owners of the Company,
      comprising share capital, retained profits, other reserves and non-controlling interests.

      The Directors review the capital structure on an on-going basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
      the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall
      capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the
      issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024       135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.    Categories of financial instruments

            The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                       31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Financial assets
            At FVTPL                                                                       589,176               776,501
            At amortised cost                                                            2,677,660             2,961,769



            Financial liabilities
            At amortised cost                                                              604,184               771,103


      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial instruments include restricted deposits, time deposits, bank balances and
            cash, trade and other receivables, other long-term assets, financial assets at FVTPL, trade and other
            payables, borrowings, loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, dividends payable, lease
            liabilities and other long-term liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective
            notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest
            rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are
            set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
            measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

            Market risk

            Currency risk

            The primary economic environment in which the Group and its principal subsidiaries operate is the PRC
            and their functional currency is RMB. However, certain bank balances, time deposits are denominated
            in foreign currencies, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The management monitors
            foreign currency exposure by closely monitoring the movement of foreign currency rates and control
            currency exposure position.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s major foreign currency denominated monetary assets as at
            December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                       31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Assets
            US$                                                                             38,807                30,601
            HK$                                                                            530,964                46,280
            JPY                                                                                 —                  5,921




136        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Market risk — continued

           Currency risk — continued

           Sensitivity analysis

           The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the
           relevant foreign currencies. A sensitivity rate of 5% represents management’s assessment of the
           reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
           foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
           period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.

           A negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against
           the relevant foreign currencies, whereas a positive number indicates an increase in post-tax profit. For a
           5% weakening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite
           impact on the post-tax profit.

                                                                                    31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

           If RMB strengthens against US$                                                 (1,455)              (1,148)



           If RMB strengthens against HK$                                                (21,016)              (1,736)



           If RMB strengthens against JPY                                                     —                  (222)


           Interest rate risk

           The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest rate time deposits, lease
           liabilities, borrowings, other long-term liabilities and loans from non-controlling shareholders of
           subsidiaries.

           The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and
           restricted deposits.

           The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any
           interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the
           proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024         137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Market risk — continued

            Interest rate risk — continued

            Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

                                                                                     31/12/2024        31/12/2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

            Financial assets at amortised cost                                            21,811             17,341


            Interest expense on financial liabilities not measured at FVTPL and lease liabilities:

                                                                                     31/12/2024        31/12/2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                       13,849              5,033
            Lease liabilities                                                              2,573              2,359


                                                                                          16,422              7,392


            Sensitivity analysis

            The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for interest-
            bearing financial instruments. The analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate financial instruments
            outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 10-basis point
            increase or decrease in deposit interest rates and a 50-basis point increase or decrease in lending
            interest rates represent management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

            If the deposit interest rate had been 10 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
            constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been
            increased/decreased by approximately RMB2,057,000 (2023: RMB2,371,000).

            If the lending interest rate had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held
            constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 would have been
            decreased/increased by approximately RMB492,000 (2023: RMB196,000).

            Other price risk

            The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in unlisted financial products as
            financial assets at FVTPL. The management considers alternative tools to mitigate other price risk and
            manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks.




138        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment

           Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations
           resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to
           trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash, time deposits and restricted deposits. The Group
           does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its
           financial assets.

           The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
           Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
           impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarized as below:

           Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

           The Group ordinarily demands its customers for full cash settlement prior to or upon the delivery of
           burial service. The Group may allow a credit period to its customers for sales of cremation machines,
           provision of landscape and garden design services, and services offered to local funeral administration
           authorities. Before accepting any new customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal
           credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by
           customer.

           The Group has concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At December 31, 2024, the Group’s
           largest and five largest customers accounted for approximately 17% (2023: 13%) and 52% (2023: 52%)
           of the total trade receivables, respectively. In order to minimise the credit risk, before accepting any new
           customer asking for credit period, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the
           potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The management of the Group
           has delegated a team responsible for monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken
           when overdue debts occur. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is
           significantly reduced.

           In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances
           individually or based on provision matrix. Except for customers with good credit rating and credit-
           impaired, which are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables are grouped
           under a provision matrix based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to repayment histories
           for recurring customers and current past due exposure for the new customers. Impairment amount of
           RMB21,984,000 is recognized during the year (2023: RMB41,000 reversed).

           For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to
           measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for
           customers with good credit rating and credit-impaired. The remaining customers are estimated
           collectively by using a provision matrix estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on
           the past default experience of the debtor, general economic conditions of the industry in which the
           debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as forward looking information at the
           year end.



                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024        139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

            Other receivables

            For other receivables, the Directors make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other
            receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and
            qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. Impairment
            amount of RMB1,601,000 is recognized based on individual assessment for credit-impaired other
            receivables during the year (2023: Nil).

            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                           Trade
            Internal                                                       receivables and        Other
            credit rating       Descriptions                               contract assets        financial assets

            Low risk            The counterparty has a low risk of    Lifetime ECL — not          12m ECL
                                  default and does not have any past-    credit — impaired
                                  due amounts

            Watch list          Debtor frequently repays after due         Lifetime ECL — not     12m ECL
                                  dates but usually settle after due          credit — impaired
                                  date in full

            Doubtful            Amount is ＞30 days pass due or             Lifetime ECL — not     Lifetime ECL — not
                                  there have been significant                 credit — impaired      credit — impaired
                                  increases in credit risk since initial
                                  recognition through information
                                  developed internally or external
                                  resources

            Loss                Amount is ＞90 days pass due or             Lifetime ECL —         Lifetime ECL —
                                  there is evidence indicating the            credit — impaired      credit — impaired
                                  asset is credit-impaired

            Write-off           There is evidence indicating that the      Amount is written off Amount is written off
                                  debtor is in severe financial
                                  difficulty and the Group has no
                                  realistic prospect of recovery




140        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited        Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

           Other receivables — continued

           The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and contract assets
           which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                     Gross            Gross
                                                     Internal            12m or                   carrying         carrying
                                                     credit rating       lifetime ECL              amount           amount
                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                            Notes                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

           Financial assets at
             amortised cost
           Bank balances and cash             26     Low risk            12m ECL                 2,056,626       2,295,467
           Time deposits                      25     Low risk            12m ECL                   396,008         367,746
           Restricted deposits                19     Low risk            12m ECL                    96,395           89,424
           Other long-term assets                    Low risk            12m ECL                      5,000           5,000
           Other receivables                  23     Note 1              12m ECL                    25,416           65,019
           Other receivables                  23     Note 1              Lifetime ECL                 1,601              —
           Trade receivables                  23     Note 2              Lifetime ECL               35,928           35,478
                                                                           (collective
                                                                           assessment)
           Trade receivables                  23     Note 2              Lifetime ECL               89,289         108,653
                                                                           (individual)
           Other item
           Contract assets                           Low risk            Lifetime ECL               13,559           13,473

           Note 1:   For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether
                     credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.

           2024                                                       Past due            Not past due                Total
                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000              RMB’000

           Other receivables                                              1,601                25,416                27,017


           2023                                                       Past due            Not past due                 Total
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000

           Other receivables                                                  —                65,019                65,019




                                         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited             Annual Report 2024         141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

            Credit risk and impairment assessment — continued

            Other receivables — continued

            Note 2:   For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
                      at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on an individual basis for customers with good credit rating
                      and credit-impaired. At the and the remaining customers are estimated collectively by using a provision
                      matrix estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past default experience of the
                      debtor, general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of
                      both the current as well as forward looking information at the period end.


            Movement of loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets for the years ended December
            31, 2023 and 2024:

                                                                   Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                                     (not-credit                (credit-
                                                                       impaired)             impaired)                   Total
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000

            At January 1, 2023                                              5,059                     —                  5,059
            — Transfer to credit-impaired                                  (3,723)                3,723                     —
            — Impairment losses recognised                                    895                19,993                20,888
            — Impairment losses reversed                                   (1,336)              (19,593)               (20,929)


            At December 31, 2023                                              895                 4,123                  5,018
            — Impairment losses recognised                                     —                 21,984                21,984


            At December 31, 2024                                              895                26,107                27,002


            Liquidity risk

            In the management of liquidity risk, the management monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
            equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
            effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and
            ensures compliance with loan covenants, if any.




142        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies — continued

           Liquidity risk — continued

           Liquidity tables

           The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for their financial liabilities. The
           table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the
           earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

           The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest rates are floating
           rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the applicable interest rates as at December 31, 2024
           and 2023.

                                                         Repayable on
                                             Weighted      demand or                                                 Total         Total
                                              average       less than    1 year to    2 years to   More than undiscounted       carrying
                                                  rate         1 year      2 years       5 years     5 years   cash flows       amount
                                                    %       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

           At December 31, 2024
           Trade and other payables                 —         378,293          —             —            —         378,293     378,293
           Dividends payable                        —         110,124          —             —            —         110,124     110,124
           Loans from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
              — fixed rate                      2.70%          31,288          —             —            —          31,288      30,466
           Lease liabilities                    3.86%          20,514      18,291        27,801       84,130        150,736     131,296
           Other long-term liabilities          4.00%              —       12,021        18,579       69,499        100,099      85,301


                                                              540,219      30,312        46,380      153,629        770,540     735,480


                                                         Repayable on
                                             Weighted      demand or                                                   Total       Total
                                              average        less than   1 year to     2 year to   More than   undiscounted     carrying
                                                  rate          1 year    2 years       5 years      5 years     cash flows     amount
                                                    %       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

           At December 31, 2023
           Trade and other payables                 —         268,276     141,438            —            —         409,714     409,714
           Dividends payable                        —          36,000          —             —            —          36,000      36,000
           Loans from non-controlling
              shareholders of subsidiaries
              — fixed rate                      2.73%          30,242          —             —            —          30,242      29,438
           Borrowings
             — fixed rate                       5.50%         202,078          —             —            —         202,078     200,000
           Lease liabilities                    4.20%          24,129      13,954        16,438        2,203         56,724      52,371
           Other long-term liabilities          4.00%              —        9,538        19,225       77,085        105,848      95,951


                                                              560,725     164,930        35,663       79,288        840,606     823,474




                                             Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2024            143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

            Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
            following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
            particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
            which the fair value measurements are categorized (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the
            inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                                                                                    Fair value
            Financial assets                        Fair value as at                hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs
                                  31/12/2024                31/12/2023

            Financial assets at   Cash management          Cash management          Level 3      Discounted cash flows
               FVTPL                products in PRC with     products in PRC with                   Key unobservable input is:
                                    principal of             principal of                           (1) Expected return;
                                    RMB589,176,000           RMB776,501,000                         (2) Risk-adjusted discount rate (Note)

            Note: The Directors consider that the impact of the fluctuation in expected discount rate of the cash management
                  products was insignificant as the cash management products have short maturities, and therefore no
                  sensitivity analysis is presented.


            There is no transfer among level 1, 2 and 3 during the period.

            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                  Financial assets
                                                                                                                             at FVTPL
                                                                                                                             RMB’000

            At January 1, 2023                                                                                                 525,993
            Total gains in profit or loss                                                                                       39,667
            Purchase                                                                                                           654,000
            Disposals/settlements                                                                                             (443,159)


            At December 31, 2023                                                                                               776,501



            Total gains in profit or loss                                                                                       44,753
            Purchase                                                                                                           192,000
            Disposals/settlements                                                                                             (424,078)


            At December 31, 2024                                                                                               589,176




144        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited               Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


38.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — continued

      c.      Fair value measurements of financial instruments — continued

              Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements — continued

              Of the total other income, gains and losses for the period included in profit or loss, RMB675,000 gain
              (2023: RMB601,000 loss) relates to financial assets at FVTPL held at the end of the current reporting
              period. Fair value gains or losses on financial assets at FVTPL are included in ‘other income, gains and
              losses’.

              Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
              value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)

              The management considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
              measured at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

39.   CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

                                                                                     31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property and
           equipment and cemetery assets contracted for but not provided
           in the consolidated financial statements                                      48,209              22,834


40.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

      The Group participates in the MPF Scheme. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the
      Group and are invested in funds under the control of independent trustees. For members of the MPF Scheme,
      the Group contributes 5%, with maximum of HK$3,000 per person of relevant monthly payroll costs to the
      MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by employees. No forfeited contributions are available under the
      MPF Scheme.

      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of a state-managed retirement benefits scheme
      operated by the PRC Government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute 12% to 20% of the total
      monthly basic salaries of their current employees to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The
      only obligation of the PRC subsidiaries with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the
      specified contributions.

      The total cost charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of
      approximately RMB34,728,000 for the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB33,994,000), representing
      contributions paid and/or payable to the scheme by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024. As at
      December 31, 2024, contributions of RMB1,931,000 due in respect of the year ended December 31, 2024 had
      not been paid over to the plans (December 31, 2023: RMB1,129,000). The amounts were paid subsequent to
      the end of the reporting period.




                                          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024          145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


41.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities (including dividends payable, borrowings, lease
      liabilities, other long-term liabilities, and loans from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries) arising from
      financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are
      those for which cash flows were or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement
      of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                    Loans from
                                                                                          Other non-controlling
                                            Dividends                     Lease      long-term shareholders of
                                              payable    Borrowings    liabilities    liabilities  subsidiaries        Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

      At January 1, 2023                           —             —        64,703        37,850           32,958       135,511
      Financing cash flows                   (487,976)      200,000      (21,492)        (1,589)          (4,381)    (315,438)
      New leases entered                           —             —         6,801            415               —         7,216
      Acquired on concession
          agreements                               —             —             —        45,293               —         45,293
      Acquired on acquisition of
          subsidiaries                             —             —            —         11,888               —         11,888
      Interest expense                             —          2,078        2,359         2,094              861         7,392
      Dividends paid to non-controlling
          shareholders of subsidiaries        168,943            —             —            —                —        168,943
      Dividends recognized as
          distributions                       355,033            —             —            —                —        355,033


      At December 31, 2023                     36,000       202,078      52,371         95,951           29,438       415,838


      Financing cash flows                   (852,552)     (211,153)     (19,482)       (6,190)             227     (1,089,150)
      New leases entered                           —             —        95,834            —                —          95,834
      Acquired on concession
          agreements                               —             —             —         7,303               —          7,303
      Reclassification to trade and other
          payables                                 —             —            —         (6,347)              —         (6,347)
      Termination of leases                        —             —            —         (9,389)              —         (9,389)
      Interest expense                             —          9,075        2,573         3,973              801        16,422
      Dividends paid to non-controlling
          shareholders of subsidiaries        206,323            —             —            —                —        206,323
      Dividends recognized as
          distributions                       720,353            —             —            —                —        720,353


      At December 31, 2024                    110,124            —      131,296         85,301           30,466       357,187


42.   RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

      Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of the Directors, who are also key management, is disclosed in Note 9.




146         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited          Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:

                                                               Place of                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                               incorporation/                            Issued and fully paid     value of issued share
                                                               registration     Date of incorporation/   share/registered        capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                    and operations   establishment            capital                   held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                     At December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2024         2023
                                                                                                                                         %            %

      Directly held:
      Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited.+                 Hong Kong        October 10, 2011         2 shares of HK$2               100          100 Investment holding
          福壽園集團（香港）有限公司
      Indirectly held:
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.^                  PRC              January 18, 2011         RMB221,900,000                 100          100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園集團有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan^                                   PRC              February 21, 1994        RMB100,000,000                 100          100 Provision of burial services
          上海福壽園實業集團有限公司
      Henan Fu Shou Yuan^                                      PRC              July 7, 2003             RMB30,120,000                  100          100 Provision of burial services
          河南福壽園實業有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Consultancy Company Limited^      PRC              August 9, 2010           RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Investment holding
          重慶福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Company Limited^         PRC              February 22, 2002        RMB10,000,000                   60           60 Provision of burial services
          (“Hefei Dashushan”)
          合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Service Company Limited^            PRC              September 27, 2008       RMB1,200,000                    60           60 Provision of funeral services
          合肥人本禮儀服務有限公司
      Hefei Huazhijian Flowers Company Limited^                PRC              May 13, 2010             RMB500,000                      60           60 Provision of flowers and
          合肥花之間花卉有限公司                                                                                                                                        related designing services
      Shanghai Fushouyuan Enterprise Management Consulting     PRC              September 9, 2002        RMB5000,000                    100          100 Investment holding
          Co., Ltd.^
          上海福壽園企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Chongqing Fushouyuan Life Science^                       PRC              September 11,1997        RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral services
          重慶福壽元生命科技服務有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services      PRC              January 23, 2003         RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral services
          Co., Ltd.^
           重慶福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services       PRC              May 17, 2011             RMB500,000                     100          100 Provision of funeral services
          Co., Ltd.^
          上海福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Jinzhou Maoshan Anling^                                  PRC              January 7, 2004          RMB8,000,000                   100          100 Provision of burial services
          錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司
      Fumao Corporate Management Consultancy (Shanghai)        PRC              January 27, 2011         RMB5,000,000                   100          100 Investment holding
          Company Limited^
          福泖企業管理諮詢（上海）有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Shareholding Investment           PRC              November 10, 2010        RMB3,400,000,000               100          100 Investment holding
          Corporation (Limited Partnership)-
          重慶福壽園股權投資企業 (有限合夥)
      Nanchang Fushouyuan Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.^       PRC              November 17, 2009        RMB140,000,000               50.89        50.89 Provision of burial services
          (“Nanchang Hongfu”)
          南昌福壽園人文紀念有限責任公司
      Chongqing Fuyuan Corporate Management Consultancy        PRC              January 20, 2012         USD1,000,000                   100          100 Investment holding
          Company Limited+
          重慶福元企業管理諮詢有限公司
      Xiamen Huaixiang Condolence Services Company Limited^    PRC              December 31, 2012        RMB5,000,000                    90           90 Provision of funeral services
          廈門市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Equipment Company Limited^    PRC              November 20, 2012        RMB50,000,000                  100          100 Manufacturing and sales of
          福壽園環保機械製造有限公司                                                                                                                                      cremation devices
      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Company Limited^       PRC              December 29, 2001        RMB10,000,000                   50           50 Provision of burial services
          (“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development”)
          山東福壽園發展有限公司


                                                              Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                Annual Report 2024                          147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                               Place of                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                               incorporation/                            Issued and fully paid     value of issued share
                                                               registration     Date of incorporation/   share/registered        capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                    and operations   establishment            capital                   held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                     At December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2024         2023
                                                                                                                                         %            %

      Ningbo Yongyi Funeral Services Company Limited^          PRC              January 9, 2013          RMB1,000,000                    60           60 Provision of funeral services
           寧波永逸殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan^ (Note (a))                         PRC              January 25, 2007         RMB50,000,000                   40           40 Provision of burial services
           上海南院實業發展有限公司 (“海港福壽園”)
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Environmental Protection           PRC              March 21, 2013           RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Sales and after-sales service
           Equipment Company Limited^                                                                                                                        of cremation devices
           上海福壽園環保設備有限公司
      Shanghai Senfu Fruits and Vegetables Technological       PRC              July 2, 2013             RMB1,600,000                   100          100 Sales of agricultural products
           Development Company Limited^
           上海森福蔬果科技發展有限公司
      Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan Jingguan Design Company Limited^   PRC              January 9, 2013          RMB1,000,000                   100           95 Provision of designing service
           上海福壽園景觀設計有限公司
      Wuhan Changle Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Company      PRC              October 30, 2013         RMB1,000,000                    51           51 Inactive
           Limited^
           武漢長樂福壽殯儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Baitayuan^                                     PRC              September 8, 1997        RMB13,405,700                  100          100 Provision of burial service and
           重慶白塔園殯葬開發有限公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Chongqing Fuding Equity Investment Fund Partnership      PRC              March 13, 2014           RMB200,000,000                 100          100 Investment holding
           (Limited Partnership)-
           重慶福鼎股權投資基金合夥企業 (有限合夥)
      Beijing Fushouyuan Investment Co.,Ltd.^                  PRC              March 26, 2014           RMB100,000,000                  60           60 Investment holding
           北京福壽園投資有限公司
      Meilin Century Cemetery^                                 PRC              June 8, 1999             RMB32,730,000                50.89        50.89 Provision of burial service and
           南昌福壽園殯儀有限責任公司                                                                                                                                     funeral service
      Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery^                          PRC              December 11, 2012        RMB118,600,000                 100         100 Provision of burial service
           遼寧觀陵山藝術園林公墓有限公司
      Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery^                             PRC              May 7, 2013              RMB3,500,000                   100          100 Provision of burial service
           婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司
      Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery^                            PRC              October 25, 2010         RMB54,500,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
           安陽福壽園民生服務有限公司
      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery^                           PRC              March 22, 2007           RMB55,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
           常州棲鳳山國際人文陵園有限公司
      Fushouyuan (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd.+              PRC              July 14, 2015            RMB200,000,000                 100          100 Investment holding
           福壽園（上海）投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Arrangement Services          PRC              March 9, 2016            RMB30,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           Co., Ltd.^
           泰安福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^      PRC              March 8, 2016            RMB80,000,000                   51           51 Provision of burial service and
           (“Chongqing Xiyuan”)                                                                                                                              funeral service
           重慶福壽園西苑實業有限公司
      Wuyuan County Fu Shou Funeral Co.,Ltd.^                  PRC              December 17, 2015        RMB100,000                     100          100 Provision of funeral service
           婺源縣福壽園殯儀有限責任公司
      Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai^                              PRC              October 25, 2004         RMB1,500,000                   100          100 Provision of burial service
           棗莊市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Xuancheng Mashan Funeral Parlour Co., Ltd.^              PRC              October 20, 2016         RMB70,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           宣城市馬山殯儀館有限公司
      Hefei Renben Funeral Company Limited^                    PRC              December 5, 2016         RMB1,200,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral services
           合肥人本殯葬服務有限公司
      Luoyang Xianhe Cemete^                                   PRC              August 31, 2015          RMB48,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
           洛陽仙鶴紀念陵園有限公司
      Yancheng Dafeng Fushouyuan Funeral and Burial Service    PRC              January 17, 2017         RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           Co., Ltd.^
           鹽城大豐福壽園殯葬服務有限公司




148          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                Place of                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                                incorporation/                            Issued and fully paid     value of issued share
                                                                registration     Date of incorporation/   share/registered        capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                     and operations   establishment            capital                   held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                      At December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2024         2023
                                                                                                                                          %            %

      Gaoyou Fushouyuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^             PRC              May 12, 2017             RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           高郵福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fushouyuan Memorial Mausoleum Co. Ltd.^           PRC              September 25, 2014       RMB30,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
           淮北福壽園紀念陵有限責任公司
      Temshine^                                                 PRC              June 23, 2005            RMB6,150,000                   100          100 Provision of designing service
           北京天泉佳境陵園建築設計有限公司
      Shanghai Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.^             PRC              December 1, 2021         RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of designing service
           上海天泉佳境建築設計有限公司
      Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery^                               PRC              May 8, 2013              RMB25,000,000                   60           60 Provision of burial service
           廣西華祖園投資有限公司
      Changzhou Fushouyuan Etiquette Co., Ltd.^                 PRC              January 7, 2013          RMB500,000                      81           76 Provision of funeral service
           常州福壽園禮儀有限公司
      Qinzhou Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                   PRC              July 31, 2017            RMB30,000,000                   60           60 Provision of burial service
           欽州華祖園投資有限公司
      Taian Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.^                 PRC              April 29, 2016           RMB40,000,000                   65           65 Provision of burial service
           泰安福壽園實業發展有限公司
      Ningde Huaixiang Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^              PRC              July 17, 2017            RMB3,000,000                    77           77 Provision of funeral service
           寧德市懷祥禮儀服務有限公司
      Huaibei Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^          PRC              October 25, 2017         RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           淮北福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Lujiang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Services Co., Ltd.^          PRC              October 31, 2017         RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           廬江福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery^                               PRC              January 2, 2018          RMB2,000,000                   100          100 Provision of burial service
           朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有限公司
      Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery^                                PRC              November 13, 2007        RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
           內蒙古福壽園實業有限公司
      Guizhou Tianyuanshan^                                     PRC              March 27, 2017           RMB40,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service and
           正安縣福壽園實業有限公司                                                                                                                                       funeral service
      Xuancheng Mashan Scenic Service Co., Ltd.^                PRC              January 5, 2018          RMB40,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
           宣城馬山風景陵園有限公司
      Hangzhou Xiaoshan Funeral Service Center Co., Ltd.^       PRC              April 3, 2018            RMB8,000,000                    55           55 Provision of funeral service
           杭州蕭山殯儀服務中心有限公司
      Fushoujia (Shanghai) Industrial Development Co., Ltd.^    PRC              August 7, 2017           RMB30,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           福壽家（上海）實業發展有限公司
      Ningbo Fenghua Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^      PRC              June 11, 2018            RMB1,000,000                    60           60 Provision of funeral service
           寧波奉化福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Changzhou Jintan Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^    PRC              October 25, 2018         RMB1,000,000                    80           80 Provision of funeral service
           常州金壇福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Yanshan County Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^      PRC              August 23, 2018          RMB25,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           鉛山縣福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Ganzhou Ronglong Humanities Memorial Park Management      PRC              November 29, 2018        RMB10,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
           Co., Ltd.^
           贛州蓉龍人文紀念園管理有限公司
      Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery^                                 PRC              December 24, 2012        RMB20,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
           湖北天聖公墓有限公司
      Shandong Anzun Life Culture Service Co., Ltd.^            PRC              January 28, 2019         RMB60,000,000                   49           49 Provision of burial service
           (“Shandong Anzun”) (Note (b))
           山東安尊生命文化服務有限公司
      Fuyang Fushouyuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^              PRC              July 23, 2018            RMB5,500,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           阜陽福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Linquan Heheyuan Funeral Home Co., Ltd.^                  PRC              June 24, 2019            RMB50,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
           臨泉駕鶴園殯儀館有限公司




                                                               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                Annual Report 2024                           149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                                 Place of                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                                 incorporation/                            Issued and fully paid     value of issued share
                                                                 registration     Date of incorporation/   share/registered        capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                      and operations   establishment            capital                   held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                       At December 31,
                                                                                                                                         2024         2023
                                                                                                                                           %            %

      Shucheng Fushouyuan Funeral Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^   PRC              November 11, 2019        RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          舒城福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Zaozhuang Fushouyuan Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^          PRC              December 12, 2019        RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
          棗莊市福壽園禮儀服務有限公司
      Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery^                                PRC              September 29, 2000       RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
          哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司
      Jinsha Fuze^                                               PRC              January 6, 2011          RMB74,000,000                   80           80 Provision of funeral service
          金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司
      Shanghai Fushouyun Life Information Technology             PRC              November 19, 2012        RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of funeral service
          Co., Ltd.^
          上海福壽雲生命信息科技有限公司
      Gansu Hailinjinggang Industrial Co., Ltd.^                 PRC              July 2, 2009             RMB70,000,000                   95           95 Provision of burial service
          甘肅海林幜港實業有限公司
      Changfeng Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                     PRC              January 1, 2020          RMB300,000                      —           100 Provision of funeral service
          長豐福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Ruichang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.^                      PRC              September 30, 2020       RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          瑞昌市福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Shanghai Fushouyuan Technology Service Co., Ltd^           PRC              March 24, 2014           RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          上海福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Chaohu County Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^      PRC              November 27, 2020        RMB500,000                     100          100 Provision of funeral service
          巢湖福壽園殯葬禮儀服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^                  PRC              December 1, 2020         RMB30,000,000                   80           80 Provision of burial service
          大連福壽園實業有限公司
      Fu Shou Garden (Zhanjiang) Humanities Memorial Company     PRC              May 15, 2020             RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
          Limited.^
          福壽園（湛江）人文紀念有限公司
      Hefei Fushuyuan Technology Service Co., Ltd.^              PRC              June 9, 2020             RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          合肥福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Guangxi Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.^                 PRC              June 15, 2021            RMB10,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
          廣西福壽園實業投資有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Investment Co., Ltd.^                  PRC              June 4, 2021             USD30,000,000                  100          100 Investment holding
          大連福壽園投資有限公司
      Yunnan Fu Shou Yuan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.^             PRC              October 13, 2021         RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          雲南福壽園殯葬服務有限公司
      Heze Fuluyuan^                                             PRC              January 31, 2013         RMB50,000,000                   90           90 Provision of burial service
          菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公司
      Zhengzhou Anletang^                                        PRC              April 26, 2019           RMB2,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
          鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限公司
      Anhui Longmen^                                             PRC              January 15, 2015         RMB21,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
          安徽龍門文化陵園有限公司
      Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan^ (Note (c))                             PRC              November 11, 2015        RMB10,000,000                   70           51 Provision of burial service
          涿鹿隆暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司
      Shenzhen Fu Shou Yuan Technology Service Co., Ltd^         PRC              December 8, 2017         RMB3,000,000                   100          100 Provision of burial service
          深圳福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Yan’an Hongfu^                                             PRC              December 25, 2020        RMB30,000,000                  100          100 Provision of burial service
          延安洪福公墓有限公司
      Tianjin Fu Shou Yuan Technology Development Co., Ltd^      PRC              November 1, 2023         RMB1,000,000                    70           70 Provision of burial service
          天津福壽園科技發展有限公司
      Shenyang Fuyou Funeral & Ceremony Service Co., Ltd^        PRC              July 18, 2023            RMB2,800,000                    91           91 Provision of funeral service
          沈陽福佑殯葬禮儀服務有限責任公司
      Shanghai Qingpu Li Ji Academy of Further Education         PRC              April 10, 2023           RMB500,000                     100          100 Provision of education service
          Co., Ltd^
          上海青浦禮濟進修學院有限公司




150          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                      Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


43.   DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES — continued

                                                            Place of                                                           Proportion of nominal
                                                            incorporation/                            Issued and fully paid     value of issued share
                                                            registration     Date of incorporation/   share/registered        capital/registered capital
      Name of subsidiaries#                                 and operations   establishment            capital                   held by the Company Principal activities
                                                                                                                                  At December 31,
                                                                                                                                    2024         2023
                                                                                                                                      %            %

      Shanghai Mu yun ji Culture & Technology Co., Ltd^     PRC              August 21, 2023          RMB400,000                     100          100 Provision of funeral service
           上海牧雲記文化科技有限公司
      Hangzhou Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Co., Ltd^       PRC              March 20, 2023           RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           杭州福壽元生命科技有限公司
      Beijing Fu Shou Yuan Technology Service Co., Ltd^     PRC              May 22, 2023             RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           北京福壽元科技服務有限公司
      Dalian Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Co., Ltd^         PRC              March 23, 2023           RMB1,000,000                   100          100 Provision of funeral service
           大連福壽元生命科技有限公司
      Fu Shou Yuan (Hong Kong) Funeral Services Limited+    Hong Kong        December 1, 2023         100 shares of HK$100           100          100 Provision of funeral service
           福壽園（香港）殯儀有限公司
      VR Paradise Holdings Limited*                         BVI              January 16, 2024         HK$30,000,000                   60           — Investment holding
           靈境控股有限公司
      VR Paradise Technology Company Limited* (Note (d))    Hong Kong        March 7, 2024            HK$30,000,001                   42           — Provision of research and
           靈境創科技術有限公司                                                                                                                                      development

      #
                The English names of all subsidiaries established in the PRC are translated for identification purpose only.

      *         The entity was set up during the year ended December 31, 2024.

      ^
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of domestic limited liability company.

      +
                These entities are established in the PRC in the form of wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

      —
                The entity is established in the PRC in the form of limited liability partnership.

      Notes:

      (a)       Haigang Fu Shou Yuan was an associate of the Group prior to January 4, 2013. On January 4, 2013, the Group has
                been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of Haigang Fu
                Shou Yuan unilaterally. As such, Haigang Fu Shou Yuan is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group from January
                4, 2013.

      (b)       The Group has been assigned irrevocable rights unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities
                of Shandong Anzun unilaterally. As such, Shandong Anzun is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group.

      (c)       In June 2024, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan made capital injection of RMB16,470,000 to a subsidiary Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan.
                The proportion of shares held by the Group increased from 51% to 70%. In the meantime, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan
                entered into an agreement with the non-controlling shareholder of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan to dispose of its 70% equity
                interest in Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan on the condition that the non-controlling shareholder pays the agreed consideration
                of acquisition by December 31, 2024. As a result, the assets and liabilities of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan was classified as
                held for sale as at June 30,2024. As at December 31, 2024, the non-controlling shareholder of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan
                failed to pay the consideration of acquisition and the agreement was forfeited accordingly. As of the balance sheet
                date, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan had no further intention to dispose Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan, so the assets and liabilities
                of Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan was no longer classified as held for sale.

      (d)       In August 2024, VR Paradise Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, established VR Paradise Technology
                Company Limited and held 70% of its equity interest. The Group has been assigned irrevocable rights
                unconditionally and without conditions to direct the relevant activities of VR Paradise Technology Company Limited
                unilaterally. As such, VR Paradise Technology Company Limited is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group.


      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.



                                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited                                Annual Report 2024                          151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

      The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
      controlling interests:

                                                                      Proportion of
                                             Place of              ownership interests
                                             incorporation and    and voting rights held   Profit allocated to
                                             principal place of     by non-controlling      non-controlling       Accumulated non-
                                             business                   interests               interests        controlling interests
                                                                       2024       2023        2024       2023       2024        2023
                                                                         %          %      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000

      Hefei Dashushan                        PRC                        40          40      18,377     11,451     16,142     100,384
      Nanchang Hongfu                        PRC                     49.11       49.11         253      8,084    106,289     119,151
      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan                   PRC                        60          60      81,645    119,389    137,900     100,655
      Chongqing Xiyuan                       PRC                        49          49         112      3,132     42,790      45,618
      Shandong Fu Shou                       PRC                        50          50       4,878     17,795     78,119      85,241
         Yuan Development
      Changzhou Qifengshan                   PRC                        20          20       8,029       9,955    37,539       38,514
         Cemetery
      Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                  10,900      14,870   175,895     164,246
         with non-controlling interests


      Total                                                                                124,194    184,676    594,674     653,809


      Summarized financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-
      controlling interests is set out below. The summarized financial information below represents amounts before
      intragroup eliminations.




152           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited            Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Hefei Dashushan

                                                                                  31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                 190,338             297,511
      Non-current assets                                                               6,285               7,611
      Current liabilities                                                            117,282              14,029
      Non-current liabilities                                                         38,985              40,132
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    24,214             150,577


      Non-controlling interests                                                       16,142             100,384


                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                         78,872              59,061


      Expenses                                                                       (32,928)            (30,433)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                         27,567              17,177
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     18,377              11,451
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              45,944              28,628
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                    102,619                  —
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       45,990              21,588
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                     (32,891)            (17,678)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                    (153,929)                 —


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                     (140,830)              3,910




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Nanchang Hongfu

                                                                             31/12/2024    31/12/2023
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                            110,732      132,896
      Non-current assets                                                        169,508      171,640
      Current liabilities                                                        38,402        37,609
      Non-current liabilities                                                    25,408        24,307
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              110,141      123,469


      Non-controlling interests                                                 106,289      119,151


                                                                                  2024          2023
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                    41,763        53,048


      Expenses                                                                  (41,247)      (36,586)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                      263          8,378
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                  253          8,084
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                           516         16,462
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                13,116            —
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                  32,258        26,638
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                   (662)       (1,305)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                (26,707)           —


      Net cash inflow                                                             4,889        25,333




154        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Haigang Fu Shou Yuan

                                                                                  31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                 231,708             198,275
      Non-current assets                                                              84,105              78,107
      Current liabilities                                                             43,370              80,584
      Non-current liabilities                                                         42,609              28,039
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    91,934              67,104


      Non-controlling interests                                                      137,900             100,655


                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        230,430             322,628


      Expenses                                                                       (94,355)        (123,646)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                         54,430              79,593
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     81,645             119,389
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             136,075             198,982
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     44,400             129,000
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                      142,730             201,877
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (47)               (396)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                    (110,000)        (179,000)


      Net cash inflow                                                                 32,683              22,481




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Chongqing Xiyuan

                                                                             31/12/2024    31/12/2023
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                             12,059        18,030
      Non-current assets                                                        125,226      122,893
      Current liabilities                                                        44,457        42,461
      Non-current liabilities                                                     5,502         5,365
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               44,536        47,479


      Non-controlling interests                                                  42,790        45,618


                                                                                  2024          2023
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                    19,526        32,388


      Expenses                                                                  (19,297)      (25,996)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                      117          3,260
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                  112          3,132
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                           229          6,392
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                 2,940            —
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                   3,390        13,631
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                 (3,241)       (1,226)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                 (5,833)       (9,848)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                  (5,684)        2,557




156        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development

                                                                                   31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                   98,740             106,990
      Non-current assets                                                              121,585             124,165
      Current liabilities                                                              31,093              39,471
      Non-current liabilities                                                          32,994              21,202
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     78,119              85,241


      Non-controlling interests                                                        78,119              85,241


                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                          50,428              88,505


      Expenses                                                                        (40,672)            (52,915)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                           4,878              17,795
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                       4,878              17,795
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                9,756              35,590
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                      12,000                  —
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                         9,312              32,899
      Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                                 43               (1,572)
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                      (24,000)            (40,000)


      Net cash outflow                                                                (14,645)             (8,673)




                                        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024       157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


44.   DETAILS OF NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HAVE MATERIAL
      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS — continued

      Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery

                                                                                 31/12/2024    31/12/2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                180,609      179,152
      Non-current assets                                                             75,238        81,453
      Current liabilities                                                            26,121        28,638
      Non-current liabilities                                                        42,026        39,396
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  150,161      154,057


      Non-controlling interests                                                      37,539        38,514


                                                                                      2024          2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                                        79,609        97,578


      Expenses                                                                      (39,462)      (47,805)


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                        32,118        39,818
      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     8,029         9,955
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                             40,147        49,773
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     9,004         8,260
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                      39,480        61,926
      Net cash (outflow) inflow from investing activities                            (7,113)         159
      Net cash outflow from financing activities                                    (45,018)      (41,301)


      Net cash (outflow) inflow                                                     (12,651)       20,784




158        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited         Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

      The statement of financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                  31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current Asset
      Interest in subsidiaries                                                            1                    1


                                                                                          1                    1


      Current assets
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                  202,809             637,485
      Bank balances and cash                                                          55,625              23,571


                                                                                     258,434             661,056


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                          279                 2,381
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                      8,219              71,674
      Borrowings                                                                          —              200,000


                                                                                       8,498             274,055


      Net current assets                                                             249,936             387,001



      Total assets less current liabilities                                          249,937             387,002



      Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                                  142,148             142,148
      Reserves (Note)                                                                107,789             244,854


      Total equity                                                                   249,937             387,002




                                       Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024


45.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY — continued

      Note:

                                                                                        (Accumulated
                                                                                              losses)
                                              Treasury         Share        Special          retained
                                                shares      premium*        reserve         earnings       Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

      At January 1, 2023                      (254,829)      1,026,187         79,667        (250,727)   600,298
      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                        —               —              —           (7,879)      (7,879)
      Dividends recognized as distributions         —         (355,033)            —               —     (355,033)
      Shares purchased by trustee and
        dividend receipt under the
        restricted share incentive scheme        7,468              —              —               —        7,468


      At December 31, 2023                    (247,361)       671,154          79,667        (258,606)   244,854


      Profit and total comprehensive
        income for the year                         —               —              —         583,288      583,288
      Dividends recognized as distributions         —         (671,154)            —         (64,677)    (735,831)
      Shares purchased by trustee and
        dividend receipt under the
        restricted share incentive scheme       15,478              —              —               —      15,478


      At December 31, 2024                    (231,883)             —          79,667        260,005     107,789




160        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024
                                                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                   2020           2021          2022        2023                2024
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000               RMB’000

Revenue                                        1,892,537     2,325,848      2,171,626        2,628,029       2,077,484
Operating expenditures
Staff costs                                     (385,805)     (469,616)      (463,624)        (506,360)       (486,720)
Construction costs                                (76,495)    (167,358)      (123,266)        (123,086)       (114,067)
Consumed materials and goods                    (149,109)     (177,538)      (162,065)        (188,935)       (149,929)
Outsourced service costs                          (52,906)      (53,122)       (55,417)         (62,160)       (51,111)
Marketing and sales channel costs                 (36,072)      (43,986)       (43,155)         (48,899)       (41,597)
Depreciation and amortisation                   (136,713)     (146,734)      (155,953)        (166,609)       (173,179)
Other general operating expenditures            (133,406)     (197,643)      (153,616)        (171,530)       (244,376)
Inventory changes                                   5,872        28,448         17,035           11,708         21,160
Impairment losses under expected
  credit loss model (“ECL”), net of
  reversal                                             —         (3,821)       (1,238)               41        (23,585)
Impairment losses recognized on
  property and equipment, intangible
  assets, cemetery assets and
  goodwill                                             —             —              —                —        (104,193)


Profit from operations                           927,903     1,094,478      1,030,327        1,372,199         709,887
Other income, gains and losses                    61,707       103,580         74,293            85,183        119,842
Share of profit (loss) of joint ventures                4       (11,577)        (7,407)         (18,436)        (2,733)
Share of loss of an associate                          —              —             —                 —            (65)
Finance costs                                      (9,525)        (7,246)       (5,008)           (7,392)      (16,422)


Profit before taxation                           980,089     1,179,235      1,092,205        1,431,554         810,509
Income tax expense                              (222,784)     (289,591)      (281,476)        (455,638)       (313,181)


Profit for the year                              757,305       889,644        810,729          975,916         497,328


Other comprehensive income for the
  year, net of income tax                              —             —              —                —            376
Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                   757,305       889,644        810,729          975,916         497,704
Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                            620,064       720,033        658,596          791,240         373,292
Non-controlling interests                        137,241       169,611        152,133          184,676         124,412


                                                 757,305       889,644        810,729          975,916         497,704


                                              RMB cents      RMB cents      RMB cents       RMB cents       RMB cents
Earnings per share
— Basic                                             27.4           31.6          29.0              34.8           16.4


— Diluted                                           27.3           31.6          29.0              N/A            N/A




                                           Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024       161
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                  As at December 31,
                                               2020           2021           2022          2023         2024
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

Assets and liabilities
Total assets                               6,678,175      7,405,450    7,815,891       8,667,787   8,181,197
Total liabilities                         (1,536,089)    (1,733,130)   (1,701,887)   (2,093,923)   (2,025,369)


                                           5,142,086      5,672,320    6,114,004       6,573,864   6,155,828


Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company                                  4,567,881      5,043,440    5,475,758       5,920,055   5,561,154
Non-controlling interests                    574,205       628,880       638,246        653,809      594,674


                                           5,142,086      5,672,320    6,114,004       6,573,864   6,155,828




162         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
                                    DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“AGM”                              the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on May 22, 2025

“Alliance Rise”                    Alliance Rise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Hong
                                   Kong on May 8, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                                   wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongfu

“Anhui Longmen Cemetery”           a cemetery in Suzhou of Anhui Province and operated by Anhui Longmen
                                   Cultural Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (安 徽 龍 門 文 化 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                   Company

“Annual Report”                    this annual report dated March 21, 2025 of the Company

“Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery”     a cemetery in Anyang of Henan Province and operated by Anyang Fu Shou
                                   Yuan Civil Service Co., Ltd.* (安 陽 福 壽 園 民 生 服 務 有 限 公 司), formerly
                                   known as Anyang Wulong Civil Service Co., Ltd* (安陽縣五龍民生服務有限
                                   公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                   subsidiary of the Company

“Articles of Association”          the amended and restated articles of association of the Company adopted
                                   on May 25, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                                   time to time)

“ASP”                              Average unit selling price

“Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Company

“Auxiliary services”               auxiliary services includes provision of landscape and garden design
                                   services and production and sales of cremation machine and the related
                                   maintenance service

“Board” or “Board of Directors”    the board of Directors

“CG Code”                          the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                   Rules

“Changchun Huaxia Cemetery”        a cemetery in Changchun City of Jilin Province and operated by
                                   Changchun Huaxia Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (長春華夏陵園有限公司), a limited
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC

“Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Changzhou City of Jiangsu Province and operated by
                                   Changzhou Qifengshan International Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (常州棲鳳山國際
                                   人文陵園有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                   PRC and a subsidiary of the Company




                                  Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024      163
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Chaoyang Longshan Cemetery”            a cemetery in Chaoyang County of Liaoning Province and operated by
                                        Chaoyang Longshan Fuyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (朝陽縣龍山福園公墓有
                                        限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of this Annual
                                        Report, Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
                                        and Taiwan

“Chongqing Anle Funeral Services”       Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Life Technology Service Co. Ltd.* (重慶福壽元生
                                        命科技服務有限公司), formerly known as Chongqing Anle Funeral Services
                                        Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 殯 儀 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited company established
                                        under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing Anle Services”               Chongqing Anle Services Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 安 樂 服 務 有 限 公 司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Chongqing Baitayuan”                   a cemetery in Yongchuan of Chongqing Municipality and operated by
                                        Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd.* (重慶白塔
                                        園殯葬開發有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Chongqing FSY Group”                   Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Group Co., Ltd.* (重 慶 福 壽 園 集 團 有 限 公 司),
                                        formerly known as Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福
                                        壽 園 實 業 有 限 公 司), a company established in the PRC on January 18,
                                        2011. It is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Companies Act”                         the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961) of the Cayman Islands (as
                                        amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Company”, “our Company”,               Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited (福壽園國際集團有限公司), a
  “Fu Shou Yuan”                        limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
                                        Islands on January 5, 2012

“Compliance Committee”                  the compliance committee of the Company

“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“EIT Law”                               the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax

“FSG Holding”                           FSG Holding Corporation, a company incorporated in BVI on December 6,
                                        2011 and one of the Company’s Shareholders




164         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                                        DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“FSY Hong Kong”                        Fu Shou Yuan Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a limited liability company
                                       incorporated in HK on October 10, 2011. It is a direct held subsidiary of the
                                       Company

“Global Offering”                      the offering by the Company of its Shares for subscription by the public in
                                       Hong Kong and placing with professional and institutional investors
                                       outside the United States in December 2013

“Grand Fire”                           Grand Fire Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on July
                                       2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Lu Hesheng (陸鶴生), the non-executive
                                       Director

“Group”, “our Group”, “us”, “we” or    the Company and its subsidiaries
  “Fu Shou Yuan Group”

“Guangxi Huazuyuan Cemetery”           a cemetery in Fangchenggang City of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
                                       Region and operated by Guangxi Huazuyuan Investment Co., Ltd.* (廣西華
                                       祖園投資有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                       PRC and a subsidiary of the Company since November 2017

“Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery”       a cemetery in Tieling City of Liaoning Province and operated by Liaoning
                                       Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (遼寧觀陵山藝術園
                                       林公墓有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC
                                       and a subsidiary of the Company

“Guizhou Tianyuanshan”                 Zheng’an Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (正安縣福壽園實業有限公司),
                                       formerly known as Guizhou Tianyuanshan Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (貴州
                                       天圓山殯儀服務有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of
                                       the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Haigang Fu Shou Yuan”                 a cemetery in Pudong New District of Shanghai (上 海 浦 東 新 區) and
                                       operated by Shanghai Nanyuan Industrial Development Co. Ltd.* (上海南院
                                       實業發展有限公司), a company established in the PRC and a subsidiary of
                                       the Company

“Harbin Mingxiyuan Cemetery”           a cemetery in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province and operated by Harbin
                                       Mingxiyuan Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (哈爾濱明西園公墓有限責任公司), a limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                       Company

“Hefei Dashushan Co.” or “Hefei        Hefei Dashushan Wenhua Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (合肥大蜀山文化陵園有限公
  Dashushan”                           司), a company established in the PRC on February 22, 2002, owned as to
                                       40% by Chongqing FSY Group, 40% by Hefei Shushan Martyr Cemetery
                                       Management Department* (合 肥 蜀 山 烈 士 陵 園 管 理 處), and 20% by
                                       Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan. It is an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                       the Company




                                      Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited      Annual Report 2024        165
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Helinge’er Anyou Cemetery”             a cemetery in Hohhot City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and
                                        operated by Inner Mongolia Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古福壽
                                        園 實 業 有 限 公 司), formerly known as Helingeer County Anyou Ecological
                                        Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (和林格爾縣安佑生態紀念陵園有限責任公
                                        司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Henan Fu Shou Yuan”                    a cemetery in Longhu Town, Xinzheng city of Henan Province (河南省新鄭
                                        市龍湖鎮) and operated by Henan Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (河南
                                        福壽園實業有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the
                                        PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Heze Fuluyuan”                         a cemetery in Heze City of Shandong Province and operated by Heze
                                        Fuluyuan Cemetery Management Co., Ltd.* (菏澤福祿源公墓管理有限公
                                        司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$” and        Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong
  “cents”                               Kong

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”             Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“Hongfu”                                Shanghai Hongfu Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (上海鴻福投資發展有
                                        限 公 司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on November
                                        28, 2000 and owned as to 50% by NGO 1 and 50% by NGO 2, one of the
                                        Company’s Shareholders

“Hubei Tiansheng Cemetery”              a cemetery in Wuhan of Hubei Province and operated by Hubei Tiansheng
                                        Cemetery Co., Ltd.* ( 湖 北 天 聖 公 墓 有 限 公 司 ), a limited company
                                        established under the laws of the PRC and became a subsidiary of the
                                        Company since January 2019

“Jinsha Fuze”                           Jinsha Fu Shou Yuan Industrial Co., Ltd* (金沙福壽園實業有限責任公司),
                                        formerly known as Jinsha Fuze Binzang Co., Ltd.* (金沙縣福澤殯葬有限責
                                        任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company

“Jinzhou Maoshan Anling”                a cemetery in Jinzhou City of Liaoning Province and operated by Jinzhou
                                        City Maoshan Anling Co., Ltd.* (錦州市帽山安陵有限責任公司), a limited
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Last Year”                             the year ended December 31, 2023




166         Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited   Annual Report 2024
                              DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Listing”                    listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”               December 19, 2013, the date on which dealings in the Shares first
                             commence on the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as
                             amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery”    A cemetery in Luoyang City of Henan Province and operated by Luoyang
                             Xianhe Memorial Cemetery Co., Ltd.* (洛 陽 仙 鶴 紀 念 陵 園 有 限 公 司), a
                             limited company established under the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                             Company since January 2017

“Meilin Century Cemetery”    a cemetery in Nanchang City of Jiangxi Province acquired and operated by
                             Nanchang Hongfu

“Model Code”                 the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                             set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nanchang Hongfu”            Nanchang Hongfu Humanities Memorial Co., Ltd.* (南昌洪福人文紀念有限
                             責任公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                             subsidiary of the Company

“NGO 1”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Development Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老 齡 事 業 開 發 服 務 中 心), a private non-enterprise unit (民 辦 非 企 業 單 位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social welfare
                             benefits, with an emphasis on facility developments, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“NGO 2”                      Shanghai Zhongmin Elderly Affairs Consultancy Service Centre* (上海中民
                             老 齡 事 業 諮 詢 服 務 中 心), a private non-enterprise unit (民 辦 非 企 業 單 位)
                             established in the PRC on July 26, 2013 and administered by Shanghai
                             Qingpu Administration of Civil Affairs with an objective of furthering social
                             welfare benefits, with an emphasis on advisory services, and one of the
                             Company’s indirect Shareholders

“Nomination Committee”       the nomination committee of the Company

“Peaceful Field”             Peaceful Field Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                             July 2, 2013, and wholly-owned by Mr. Wang Jisheng (王 計 生), the
                             executive Director

“Perfect Score”              Perfect Score Group Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in
                             BVI on June 18, 2015, one of the Company’s Shareholders and a direct
                             wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance Rise




                            Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited       Annual Report 2024        167
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Prospectus”                             the prospectus of the Company dated December 9, 2013

“Remuneration Committee”                 the remuneration committee of the Company

“Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”      the restricted share incentive scheme adopted by the Company with effect
                                         from November 29, 2019

“Restricted Shares”                      any Share(s) that may be offered by the Company to any selected
                                         participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

“RMB”                                    Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                         Kong) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                         time)

“Shandong Fu Shou Yuan”                  Shandong Fu Shou Yuan Development Co., Ltd.* (山東福壽園發展有限公
                                         司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan”                  a cemetery in Qingpu District of Shanghai and operated by Shanghai FSY
                                         Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業集團有限公司), formerly known
                                         as Shanghai FSY Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (上海福壽園實業發展有
                                         限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                         subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Zhongfu”                       Shanghai Zhongfu International Trade Co., Ltd.* (上海眾福國際貿易有限公
                                         司), a company established in the PRC. It was a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                         of Zhongfu

“Share(s)”                               ordinary share(s) with a nominal value of US$0.01 each in the share capital
                                         of the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the Share(s)

“sq.m.”                                  square meters

“Stock Exchange” or “SEHK”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Takeovers Code”                         the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (as amended,
                                         supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)




168          Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited    Annual Report 2024
                                  DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Temshine”                       Beijing Temshine Cemetery Design Group Ltd.* (北京天泉佳境陵園建築設
                                 計有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and
                                 a subsidiary of the Company since August 2017

“United States”                  the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                 subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “US dollar”             United Stated dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wish and Catch”                 Wish and Catch Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in BVI on
                                 June 28, 2013, wholly-owned by Mr. Bai Xiaojiang (白曉江), the chairman
                                 and one of the executive Directors of the Company

“Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery”    a cemetery in Wuyuan of Jiangxi Province and operated by Wuyuan
                                 Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd.* (婺源縣萬壽山陵園有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company

“Xiyuan Fu Shou Yuan”            Chongqing Fu Shou Yuan Xiyuan Industrial Co., Ltd.* (重慶福壽園西苑實業
                                 有限公司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                 subsidiary of the Company

“Yan’an Hongfu”                  a cemetery in Yan’an of Shaanxi Province and operated by Yan’an Hongfu
                                 Cemetery Co., Ltd* ( 延 安 洪 福 公 墓 有 限 公 司 ), a limited company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“Year”                           year ended December 31, 2024

“Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai”     Zaozhuang Fu Shou Yuan Funeral and Burial Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市福
                                 壽 園 殯 葬服務有限公司), formerly known as Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai
                                 Funeral Service Co., Ltd.* (棗莊市山亭興泰殯儀服務有限公司), a limited
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                                 Company since November 2016

“Zhengzhou Anletang”             Zhengzhou Anletang Etiquette Service Co., Ltd.* (鄭州安樂堂禮儀服務有限
                                 公 司), a limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                 subsidiary of the Company

“Zhongfu”                        China Zhongfu Industrial Group Limited* (中國中福實業集團有限公司), a
                                 limited liability company established in the PRC on July 15, 1985 and
                                 directly wholly-owned by Hongfu, and one of the Company’s Shareholders




                                Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited     Annual Report 2024        169
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY

“Zhuolu Yuanbaoshan”                         a cemetery in Zhangjiakou city of Hebei Province and operated by Zhuolu
                                             Longhui Tianfu Yuanbaoshan Development Management Co. Ltd* (涿鹿隆
                                             暉天富元寶山開發管理有限公司), a limited company established under the
                                             laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the Company

“%”                                          per cent

*     Denotes English translation or transliteration of the name of a Chinese company or entity or vice versa and is provided for
      identification purposes only.




170        Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited           Annual Report 2024
