（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）
（股份代號 : 136）




                       年報 2025




                  年報
                                                 CONTENTS




CORPORATE INFORMATION                            02
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                             03
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS               12
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                16
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS                             52
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                      55
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                     69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION     74
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND     76
  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY      78
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS             80
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   81
FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY                     196
 CORPORATE INFORMATION



 DIRECTORS                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                        IN HONG KONG
 Executive Directors
                                        Room 3701, 37/F
 Mr. Ke Liming (Chairman)               Lee Garden One
 Mr. Zhang Qiang                        33 Hysan Avenue
                                        Causeway Bay
                                        Hong Kong
 Non-executive Director
 Mr. Yang Ming                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                        IN THE PRC
 Independent Non-executive Directors    CN03
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David              Laijin Culture Creative Industrial Park
                                        Chaoyang District
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
                                        Beijing
 Mr. Chen Haiquan                       The People’s Republic of China
 Professor Shi Zhuomin

                                        SHARE REGISTRARS
 AUDIT COMMITTEE                        Bermuda
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)   Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
 Mr. Nie Zhixin                         Clarendon House
 Mr. Chen Haiquan                       2 Church Street
                                        Hamilton HM11
                                        Bermuda
 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                        Hong Kong
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)
                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
 Mr. Ke Liming
                                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
 Mr. Nie Zhixin                         16 Harcourt Road
                                        Hong Kong
 NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
 Mr. Ke Liming (Chairman)
 Mr. Nie Zhixin                         Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
                                        Bank of Hangzhou Co., Ltd.
 Mr. Chen Haiquan
                                        Agricultural Bank of China Limited


 COMPANY SECRETARY                      AUDITOR
 Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy               PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                        Certified Public Accountants
                                        Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
 REGISTERED OFFICE
 Clarendon House                        WEBSITE ADDRESS
 2 Church Street                        http://ryholdings.com
 Hamilton HM 11
 Bermuda
                                        DATE OF REPORT
                                        31 March 2026



02 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the results of China Ruyi Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “China Ruyi”), its subsidiaries and its
controlled entities (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Year” or “Reporting Period”).



BUSINESS REVIEW

In 2025, the Group continued to advance its strategic portfolio optimization and business structure upgrades. By expanding
industrial boundaries through investment and mergers and acquisitions, it has built a synergistically linked business ecosystem,
forming a three-pillar driven business structure of “games providing stable cash flow, content driving performance elasticity,
and AI enhancing efficiency”, contributing to a significant improvement in profitability.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s annual revenue was RMB3.343 billion, and was adjusted compared
to the same period last year due to industry cycles and content scheduling rhythms. During the Reporting Period, the
Group achieved a net profit of RMB1.786 billion, representing a significant increase compared to the same period last
year. The profit growth was mainly attributable to the increased contribution from the gaming business and cost efficiency
optimization, driving an improvement in the profit structure, which further strengthened the Group’s endogenous profitability
and resilience against economic cycles.

I.    Content production business: Premium content matrix continues to consolidate
      market leadership position, diverse project pipeline supports long-term
      development
      1.    Film investment, production and distribution: Centered on High-quality content
            In 2025, the domestic film market witnessed several landmark developments. According to data from the China
            Film Administration, the national box office for 2025 reached RMB51.832 billion, representing a year-on-year
            increase of 21.95%, and cinema attendance reached 1.238 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
            22.57%, indicating a significant recovery in industry prosperity.

            Against this backdrop, the Group continued to strengthen its core competitiveness in film production and
            distribution, and launched several market-influential works during key seasons, further consolidating its leading
            position in content creation and market operations. During the Reporting Period, multiple films co-produced by
            the Group delivered outstanding performances. The suspense crime film “Octopus with Broken Arms” (《誤殺
            3》) and the romantic comedy “Honey Money Phony” (《騙騙喜歡你》) ranked first and third in the New Year’s
            Day box office, respectively. During the Spring Festival period, the national-level suspense comedy “Detective
            Chinatown 1900” (《唐 探1900》) ranked second in the box office with over RMB3.6 billion and was awarded
            “2025 Weibo Night•Film of the Year” (2025微博之夜•微博年度電影); the family animation “Boonie Bears:
            Future Reborn” (《熊 出 沒 • 重 啟 未 來》) also achieved remarkable box office results. During the summer season,
            the war-themed film “Dead to Rights” (《南京照相館》) topped the box office with over RMB3 billion; the
            oriental fantasy adaptation “Curious Tales of a Temple” (《聊齋：蘭若寺》) won the Best Animation Film Award
            at the 10th Golden Crane Awards — 2025 China Film Week held at Tokyo; the historical suspense adaptation
            “The Lychee Road” (《長 安 的 荔 枝》) won the “Top Ten Golden Angel Awards” at the 21st China-American
            Film Festival and received multiple nominations such as the Golden Rooster Award; and genre-diverse films such
            as the social suspense film “Malice” (《惡意》) and the romantic film “Gift from a Cloud” (《有朵雲像你》) also
            performed steadily. During the National Day period, the war epic “The Volunteers: Peace at Last” (《志願軍：
            浴 血 和 平》    ) successfully claimed the top spot. This diverse premium content matrix fully validated the Group’s
            strong content control and market insight capabilities.
                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           03
 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




         For the 2026 Spring Festival period, the national comedy film “Pegasus 3” (《飛馳人生3》) securely topped
         the box office with a cumulative total exceeding RMB4 billion; the suspense thriller “Scare Out” (《驚蟄無聲》)
         secured the second place in the box office; the family animated film “Boonie Bears: The Hidden Protector” (《熊
         出 沒 • 年 年 有 熊》     ) continued its stable market performance, maintaining its lead in the family-oriented content
         segment.

         Looking ahead, the Group has formed a content investment structure of “head projects driving + multi-project
         diversification”, effectively diversifying risks while enhancing single-project returns. The rich project pipeline also
         lays a solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development, with major works such as “Cold War 1994” (       《寒
         戰1994》     ), “The Wild Tales” (《蠻 荒 禁 地》      ), “Once Upon A Time in the Middle East” (《歡迎來龍餐館》), “Zhuan
         Nian Hua Kai” ( 《轉念花開》        ), “THE WANDERING EARTH III (Part 1 & 2)” (《流浪地球3       （上、下）      》), “MAD KING” ( 《狠
         家 伙》   ), as well as animated film series co-produced with Light Chaser Animation, progressing steadily. The Group
         consistently adheres to high-quality content as its core, exploring the contemporary value of Chinese culture,
         and is committed to telling Chinese stories to global audiences, demonstrating cultural confidence and industry
         responsibility.

         2.    Investment, production and distribution of television dramas: continuously
               increasing investment in top-tier premium content
               In the drama production segment, the Group continues to increase its investment in top-tier premium
               content, deepen collaborations with mainstream domestic streaming platforms, and actively expand
               overseas markets, continuously enhancing the international reach and brand influence of Chinese dramas.
               During the Reporting Period, the martial arts romance drama “Shadow Love” (《與晉長安》), starred by
               Song Yi and Cheng Lei, was shortlisted for the Golden Angel Award at the 21st China-American Television
               Festival.

               In terms of project pipeline, the drama series produced and led by the Group span a wide range of genres
               and enjoy a vibrant landscape, comprehensively covering multiple genres such as suspense, realism, Chinese
               costume drama, martial arts, and urban romance. The suspense genre includes “Light to the Night” (《黑夜
               告 白》) starred by Pan Yueming and Wang Hedi; the crime-themed drama “Her Brilliant Journey” (《一路燦
               爛》) starred by Yan Ni and Ren Suxi. Reality-based dramas include “Prosecutor and Boy” ( 《檢察官與少年》         )
               starred by Zhang Xiaofei and Yu Jiacheng, focusing on juvenile legal education; and “Jia You Qi Lang” (《家
               有 七 郎》   ) starred by Chen Baoguo, Jing Boran, and Gao Yuanyuan. Period and martial arts dramas include
               “All Hail my Supreme Sec” (《萬 古 最 強宗》) starred by Peng Yuchang and Wan Peng; and the new-school
               martial arts drama “Now or Never” (《一點浩然氣》). Urban romance dramas include “Dazzling” (《耀眼》)
               starred by Guan Xiaotong and Li Yunrui, and the romantic comedy “Touch” (《非正式浪漫》) starred by
               Cai Wenjing. These pipeline films represent an expansion across multiple narrative genres, with in-depth
               collaborations already established with various platforms, and are expected to be launched successively,
               providing continuous content output and revenue contribution for the Group.




04 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




II.   Online streaming business: AI technology fully empowers content ecosystem,
      leading the intelligent transformation of streaming business
      1.   AI empowers streaming business: A comprehensive leap from auxiliary tool to core
           engine
           The Group continues to deeply optimize its AI technology deployment across the entire industrial chain of its
           streaming business, successfully achieving a strategic leap from “AI-assisted creation” to an “AI-native content
           ecosystem”. Facing the explosive growth of the global AIGC film and television market, the Group has not only
           significantly enhance content production efficiency but also build solid core barriers in commercial monetization
           and digital asset operations leveraging cutting-edge multimodal large models and digital asset rights confirmation
           technologies.

      2.   AI-native content ecosystem: Building a core barrier for high quality and high
           commercial value
           The Group has deeply integrated AI technology into the innovation ecosystem of its streaming business,
           constructing a highly differentiated and scalable content intelligent supply system to continuously drive the
           reshaping of industrial value. The AIGC content creation system of the AI lab has completed a comprehensive
           upgrade from short-form content to serialized and long-form content. Its benchmark works such as “Sour Soul” (
                                                                                                                       《酸魂》)
           and “Prologue to the White Snake” (《白蛇序章》) have achieved tens of millions of cumulative views across the
           internet, successfully validating the closed-loop path from creation to commercial monetization for AIGC content.

           Leveraging continuously iterating AI video generation technology, the Group has established an industrialized
           production process capable of mass-producing high-quality AI animation series and micro-dramas at scale.
           Facing the projected industry opportunity of the domestic AI animation series market exceeding RMB24 billion,
           the Group has strategically leveraged cutting-edge technologies and mature industrial capabilities to pioneer
           this emerging sector, shortening content development cycles by over 60% while achieving significant cost
           optimization in production. Through the continuous delivery of intelligently generated content that integrates
           cultural depth and commercial appeal, the Group has solidified its position as an innovator in the streaming
           sector, and simultaneously driven user growth and enhanced commercial value, injecting robust momentum for
           long-term development.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025           05
 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




     3.   Multimodal AI middleware architecture: Connecting the entire workflow for
          streaming content creation
          The Group has comprehensively upgraded its proprietary systems-“Linggou AI”, “Jingce AI”, “Changyu AI”, and “Shuyan
          AI”-into a multimodal AI middleware architecture. Leveraging cutting-edge multimodal large model technology,
          this architecture streamlines the entire content production workflow, from concept generation to final delivery,
          fundamentally reshaping the paradigm of film and television industrial production.

          System Name           Core Technology Upgrade            Core Functions and Commercial Value


          Linggou AI            Introduction of narrative agents As an intelligent creation engine, relying on massive
                                driven by large language models literary copyright resources and historical project data,
                                                                 it transforms fragmented creative inspirations into a
                                                                 complete narrative structure, and realizes quantitative
                                                                 evaluation of script logic and prediction of commercial
                                                                 potential.

          Jingce AI             Integration of the latest image-   Focusing on the director’s preparation phase, it
                                to-video and text-to-video large   automatically generates high-precision work drafts
                                models                             and dynamic storyboards, achieving physically realistic
                                                                   simulation of lighting effects and lens language, which
                                                                   greatly reduces the cost of early trial and error.

          Changyu AI            Introduction of real-time neural   It realizes real-time image quality inspection and high-
                                rendering and 3DGS technology      fidelity rough-cut preview during the shooting process,
                                                                   breaks through the computing power bottleneck of
                                                                   traditional virtual production, and significantly improves
                                                                   shooting efficiency and reduces rework rate.

          Shuyan AI             Upgraded to full lifecycle         Centered on post-production and asset application, it
                                management of AI digital actors    generates compliant digital actors with high emotional
                                                                   expressiveness, ensures rights security through
                                                                   blockchain-based evidence, and simultaneously lowers
                                                                   the risks and costs associated with high-risk scene
                                                                   shooting.

     4.   AI digital asset full-chain platform: Solidifying the core value of digital assets
          The Group has fully transitioned from the “traditional tools + AI” stage into a new phase of “native AI-driven”.
          Its self-developed digital human system has been upgraded to an AI digital asset full-chain platform. This platform
          deeply integrates cutting-edge technologies such as 3DGS and NeRF, enabling the rapid generation of cinema-
          grade precision 3D digital characters and scenes. Combined with blockchain technology, it achieves one-click
          binding, rights confirmation, and continuous feedback optimization for digital roles, and ensures the uniqueness
          and security of digital assets, enabling the Group to strategically dominate in future virtual idol operations and IP
          licensing commercialization.




06 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




   5.   Strategic outlook: Leading the intelligent transformation of streaming business
        The large-scale application of AI technology significantly reduces unit content production costs while increasing
        content supply frequency, creating a sustainable profit growth leverage. Moving forward, the Group will drive the
        upgrade of AI from a production tool to the core engine of the industry. Driven by the dual forces of “AI + IP”, it
        aims to build a globally leading intelligent content ecosystem. Through the continuous deepening of technological
        applications and the expansion of commercialization pathways, the Group will achieve a comprehensive
        intelligent transformation of its streaming business, establishing differentiated advantages in global competition.

III. Jingxiu Games: premium R&D and operations drive performance growth, global
     IP self-development and technological innovation empower long-term value
   Upholding its core strategy of premium quality, globalization, and integrated R&D and operations, the Group has built
   a closed-loop system for self-developing and self-publishing globally renowned IPs. Leveraging in-house R&D strength,
   full-cycle refined operations, and global IP integration capabilities, it has achieved growth in both business scale and
   operational efficiency.

   1.   Sustained operation of core products, continuous value release of classic IPs, new
        products and innovative gameplay unlock new growth space
         The Group has established a mature sustained operation system covering the entire product lifecycle. Through
         continuous version updates, refined user operations, and content innovation, it has driven core products to
         consistently rank at the forefront of the industry. Among them, the benchmark SLG product “Red Alert Online”
        (《紅 警 OL》), leveraging the influence of its classic IP and a deep operational strategy, has long remained in the
         top tier of the domestic iOS game bestseller list. As of August 2025, the product’s cumulative gross revenue
         exceeded RMB6 billion, setting a milestone for long-term operation in the domestic SLG category, fully validating
         the Group’s core barriers in classic IP adaptation and sustained operations. Products such as “Ragnarok Origin” (
                                                                                                                        《仙
         境 傳 說：愛 如 初 見》) and “Civilization: Eras & Allies” (《世界啟元》) have also maintained stable user bases and
         revenue contributions.

         During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on breakthrough innovations in the core SLG segment, precisely
         targeting niche genres such as sci-fi and Three Kingdoms, and launched several differentiated premium new
         games. The sci-fi themed new product “The Nova Era” (《群星紀元》) innovatively integrated RTS gameplay
         and synergized three top-tier sci-fi IPs- “The South Heaven Gate Project” (《南天門計劃》), “Starship Troopers”
        (《星河 戰 隊》), and “Swallowed Star” (《吞噬星空》), achieving a dual breakthrough in content and user base,
         becoming a benchmark in the sci-fi SLG segment. “The War of Dragon Stones” (《龍石戰爭》        ) pioneered the “Dragon
         Stone-like” strategic gameplay, earning high recognition from core strategy players; the Three Kingdoms themed
         new product “Yanwu” (《偃 武》        ), leveraging historically grounded narratives and youth-oriented art design,
         topped the iOS free charts shortly after launch, successfully reaching a broad user base across all age groups,
         further expanding the Group’s user boundaries and market space.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025           07
 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




     2.   Self-search and self-development closed loop for global top-tier IPs, full-chain
          autonomous control establishes core barriers
          The Group is firmly advancing its strategy of collaborating with globally recognized top-tier IPs, achieving full-
          chain autonomous control from IP acquisition, R&D, publishing to operations, building a scarce and high-quality
          IP resource barrier and product pipeline, providing a solid guarantee for performance growth over the next 3–5
          years. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s collaboration with renowned global game developer Ubisoft, “Heroes
          of Might & Magic: Lordship Rivalry” (《魔 法門英雄無敵：領主爭霸》), is expected to officially launch in 2026; a
          comprehensive top-tier IP self-development collaboration was reached with Electronic Arts (EA), covering the EA
          SPORTS FC football IP and the classic “Command & Conquer” (《命令與征服》) series SLG products, expected to
          launch globally in early 2027. Through this self-search and self-development closed-loop model for IPs, the Group
          maximizes IP value and gains full control over operations.

          In terms of its global market presence, the Group has established deep collaborations with leading regional
          partners. In Korea, the Group has reached a collaboration intent with Devsister for the “CookieRun” IP, with
          the agency product “CookieRun: Tower of Adventures” (《餅乾人聯盟》) expected to be released in 2026.
          Furthermore, the Group has reached a deep cooperation intention with the leading Korean company Krafton
          regarding the core IPs. In the North American market, the Group has reached collaboration consensus with
          leading mobile game developer Scopely on multiple premium products, with both parties leveraging their
          respective strengths to drive product launch and promotion.

          Furthermore, the Group is precisely positioning itself in the sports game segment, constructing a dual-core
          product matrix of “EA SPORTS football IP + NBA basketball IP”, fully integrating the user bases of sports
          competitions and gaming. The full-platform product “NBAGO” (《NBA瞬息》) is expected to commence testing in
          2026, forming a sports game portfolio covering both football and basketball, creating a new performance growth
          pole for the Group.

     3.   Independent R&D and implementation of core AI technologies, full-chain cost
          reduction and efficiency enhancement to establish a technological moat
          The Group has deeply integrated AI technology into its strategic framework for the gaming business. By
          continuously increasing R&D investment, it comprehensively promotes the innovative application of artificial
          intelligence across the entire chain of game R&D, production, and operations. Currently, the in-house R&D team
          has achieved breakthroughs in two core technologies: “AI-driven intelligent analysis of sports event tactical
          formations” and “video-driven non-physical motion capture”, significantly improving the efficiency of action
          resource production and shortening development cycles. Meanwhile, AI has been implemented at scale in areas
          such as voice generation, post-production, and procedural content generation, propelling the game industry into
          a new phase of intelligent production.




08 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




   4.   Precise positioning in local segment, strategic investment completes all-genre
        ecosystem
        The Group is improving its business ecosystem and creating new performance growth curves through equity
        cooperation and strategic investments. In January 2025, the Group acquired a 30% equity stake in Beijing
        Yonghang Technology Company Limited, and initiated in-depth collaboration around the “QQ Dance” (《QQ炫
        舞》 ) IP by integrating core resources such as the virtual idol “Xing Tong” (星瞳) to create innovative “music-dance
        + social + short drama” integrated film-game products. To actively position itself in the open-world action game
        segment, the Group made a strategic investment in Chengdu Xiaozhiyouchuang Technology Co., Ltd., a team
        currently developing related products based on the UE5 engine. Following the successful collaboration on “Age
        of Stellarian” (《群 星 紀 元》     ), the Group strategically invested in its developer, Kaboom Technology, to jointly
        develop the next-generation products for the global market.

IV. Strategic Investment Business: Focusing on Core Segment, Deepening Industrial
    Synergy and Value Realization
   During the Reporting Period, the Group executed a series of strategic investments to strengthen synergies among
   its business segments, and built a more resilient ecosystem platform with significant growth potential to help core
   businesses improve quality, enhance efficiency, and expand growth boundaries.

   1.   Investment in Wanda Film: Strengthening full-industry chain synergy, consolidating
        offline scene advantages
        In 2023, the Group strategically invested in Wanda Film, a leading domestic cinema chain, achieving full-
        process integration from content creation and production to terminal screening, which helps to enhance
        content distribution efficiency and monetization capability. The Group deeply synergized its own film, television,
        and gaming resources with Wanda Film’s nationwide theater network, significantly improving the conversion
        efficiency of high-quality content into commercial value. During the Reporting Period, the Group engaged in in-
        depth collaboration with Wanda Film, launching innovative “movie watching + gaming” offline linkage activities
        in Wanda Cinemas across five major cities including Beijing and Chongqing, covering over 700 cinema locations
        nationwide, effectively achieving high-efficiency exposure for new games and conversion of user reservations.
        Additionally, leveraging the vast audience data and consumer behaviour insights accumulated by Wanda Film,
        the Group can precisely grasp market demand, dynamically optimize film positioning and promotion strategies,
        thereby effectively improving project investment returns and reducing market risks.

   2.   Investment in 52TOYS: Expanding IP derivative business, extending the value chain
        To deepen the exploration of IP values, the Group strategically invested in 52TOYS Development Co., Ltd., whose
        well-known brand 52TOYS possesses abundant IP resources. On one hand, the Group can share in the capital
        appreciation benefits brought by the brand development and market expansion of 52TOYS; on the other hand,
        leveraging the Group’s strengths in film and television IP content and 52TOYS’ capabilities in product design,
        development, and channels. Both parties engage in deep synergy to drive the commercialization innovation
        of film and television IPs, create competitive hit derivative products, expand revenue sources, and significantly
        enhance IP monetization capabilities and overall profitability.




                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025           09
 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




          A deep linkage was successfully carried out between 52TOYS’ original sci-fi IP “Beast Box”( 猛獸匣) and “The
          War of Dragon Stones” (《龍 石 戰 爭》), a game product under the Group’s Jingxiu Games. Through the launch
          of an exclusive game version and offline pop-up events, this initiative achieved dual-line operation of “virtual
          content + physical products”. This activity not only explored a new path for the integration of “toy IP + game”
          but also achieved mutual growth in users and traffic.

     3.   Acquisition of partial equity in Kuaiqian: Deepening the “culture + technology +
          finance” strategic portfolio
          During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired a 40% equity stake in Kuaiqian Financial Services (Shanghai)
          Co., Ltd. (“Kuaiqian”), aiming to enhance the strategic controllability of the financial payment link within
          the Group’s closed-loop ecosystem, thereby improving the Group’s platform-based operational capability and
          industrial synergy effects. Kuaiqian holds a nationally issued third-party payment license and has a deep presence
          in comprehensive payment solutions for large and medium-sized enterprises, digital RMB applications, and cross-
          border payments.

          This acquisition brings multiple benefits. It is expected to improve the payment settlement efficiency and user
          experience for the Group’s internal businesses such as film, streaming media, games, and cinemas, and optimize
          the fund flow. Leveraging Kuaiqian’s expertise in cross-border payments and other areas, it can provide efficient
          fintech support for the global distribution and operations of the Group’s content products. Both parties will
          explore innovative business models combining “cultural content + scenario-based payment”, so as to further
          expand business boundaries.

     4.   Strategic investment in AISphere Technology: Positioning in the “AI+Content”
          segment, empowering business intelligent upgrade
          To seize the strategic opportunity in “AI+Content”, in early 2026, the Group has made a strategic investment
          in AIsphere Limited (“AIsphere”), a global leader in AI video, and has entered into a strategic partnership with
          its onshore operating entity, Beijing AIsphere Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京愛詩科技有限公司) (“AIsphere
          Technology”), constructing a bidirectional empowerment system of “technology + industry”. The core product
          of AISphere Technology, “PixVerse”, has over 100 million users globally, and its self-developed technology
          holds a leading edge in AI video generation, with extensive experience in implementing AI solutions for film,
          television, and short dramas. This investment is an important initiative for the Group to implement its “Content
          + Technology” development strategy. Both parties will promote the collaboration on multiple dimensions. At the
          strategic level, the core team of AISphere Technology will assist the Group’s intelligent transformation. At the
          technical application level, the focus will be on deep application of AI in areas such as film and television special
          effects, promotion and distribution, and game scene optimization, enhancing efficiency and content quality.
          At the innovation and expansion level, leveraging the Group’s rich IP resources combined with AI technology
          for secondary creation, the two parties will jointly develop multimodal agents, and exploring next-generation
          interactive content formats. In the future, the Group will continue to drive the deep integration of AI technology
          with its core businesses, use technological innovation to drive industrial upgrades, and create a benchmark for
          the integrated development of “AI+Content”, thereby consolidating a foundation for long-term sustainable
          development.




10 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (Continued)




FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the Group set out in this report or any of the
matters set out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realised or are complete or accurate. Shareholders of the
Company (the “Shareholders”) and/or potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when dealing in
the securities of the Company and not to place undue reliance on the information disclosed herein. Any holder of securities
or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is advised to seek advice from professional advisors.



APPRECIATION

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our Shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing support to
the Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the Year.

                                                                                                   By order of the Board
                                                                                               China Ruyi Holdings Limited
                                                                                                      Mr. Ke Liming
                                                                                                        Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           11
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

 The Group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB1,797 million for the year ended
 31 December 2025, which increased by approximately RMB1,988 million as compared to the loss attributable to owners of
 the Company of approximately RMB191 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in the profit attributable
 to owners of the Company was mainly due to the increase in contribution from the gaming business and optimization of cost
 efficiency. The basic and diluted earnings per share were RMB0.11419 and RMB0.11419 for the year ended 31 December
 2025, respectively, as compared to the basic and diluted loss per share of RMB0.01570 and RMB0.01570 for the year ended
 31 December 2024, respectively.

 For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s revenue decreased from RMB3,671 million for the year ended
 31 December 2024 to RMB3,343 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, including revenue from film and television
 drama production, online streaming and gaming businesses of RMB3,303 million, and revenue from other business segment
 of RMB40 million.

 For the year ended 31 December 2025, the adjusted net profit of the Group was RMB1,962.6 million, while the adjusted net
 profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB1,065.0 million, representing an increase of 84%.



 ADJUSTED NET PROFIT

 To supplement our consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (“HKFRS”),
 we also use adjusted net profit as additional financial measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with
 HKFRS. We believe that these non-HKFRS measures, which have excluded certain items, facilitate comparisons of operating
 performance from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of items that our management
 does not consider to be indicative of our operating performance. We believe that these measures provide useful information
 to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they
 help our management. However, our presentation of the adjusted net profit may not be comparable to similarly titled
 measures presented by other companies. The use of these non-HKFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and you
 should not consider them in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial condition
 as reported under HKFRS. The following tables reconcile our adjusted net profit for the years presented to the most directly
 comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRS:

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


 Reconciliation of net profit/(loss) to adjusted net profit:

 Net profit/(loss) for the period                                                                  1,786,023           (206,576)
 Add:
 Share-based compensation expenses                                                                    50,317             67,272
 Interests expenses on convertible bonds                                                              87,239                 —
 Imputed interest expenses                                                                            39,057             82,839
 Fair value change in contingent consideration payable                                                    —           1,121,447


 Adjusted net profit                                                                               1,962,636          1,064,982



12 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued)




LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES, BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO

The Group maintains a prudent treasury policy. The Group primarily financed its operations through shareholder’s equity and
cash generated from operations. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the liquidity of the Group was closely monitored
by the board of directors of the Company (the "Board") and the Group reviews its working capital and finance requirements
on a regular basis.

Liquidity
As at 31 December 2025, the Group maintained the balance of cash and cash equivalents and term deposits of approximately
RMB7,243.8 million (as at 31 December 2024: approximately RMB3,493.6 million). The increase in the balance of cash and
cash equivalents and term deposits was mainly due to receipt of financing proceeds and growth in operating performance.

Borrowings and Gearing Ratio
The Group maintained a sound financial position, and its borrowing demand was not seasonal. As at 31 December 2025, the
Group had borrowings of RMB733.0 million (as at 31 December 2024: approximately RMB1,700.9 million). Borrowings at
fixed rates accounted for 39.6%. Such borrowings will be due within 19 months.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s net equity amounted to approximately RMB23,868.9 million (as at 31 December 2024:
approximately RMB16,345.2 million) with total assets amounting to approximately RMB30,260.3 million (as at 31 December
2024: approximately RMB21,670.7 million). Net current assets were approximately RMB13,429.1 million (as at 31 December
2024: approximately RMB6,660.4 million) and the current ratio was 4.3 times (as at 31 December 2024: 2.5 times). Gearing
ratio calculated on the basis of the Group’s total debts (interest-bearing borrowings, lease liabilities and convertible bonds)
over shareholders’ funds was 9.5% (as at 31 December 2024: 2.0%).

Charge of Assets
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any charges of assets (as at 31 December 2024: nil).

Commitment
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no capital commitment (as at 31 December 2024: nil).

Contingent Liabilities
The Company and the Group did not provide corporate guarantee to its subsidiaries or other parties and did not have other
significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 (as at 31 December 2024: nil).



CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group had significant amount of assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) as at 31 December 2025. The
content production and online streaming and online gaming businesses are mainly carried out in RMB in Mainland China.
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk of significant fluctuation in RMB exchange rates. During the year ended 31
December 2025, the Group closely monitored the fluctuation and does not expect any material fluctuation of exchange rates
in the near future, but will continue to monitor it.




                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025           13
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued)




 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

 2013 Share Option Scheme
 The Company’s former share option scheme (the “2013 Share Option Scheme”) adopted pursuant to a resolution
 passed by the shareholders on 31 October 2013 was terminated by a resolution passed in the annual general meeting of
 the Company held on 28 June 2023 (the “2023 AGM”). The purpose of the 2013 Share Option Scheme was to provide
 incentives to eligible participants.

 No further options shall be granted under the 2013 Share Option Scheme upon termination but in all other respects, the
 provision of the 2013 Share Option Scheme shall remain in force to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any
 options granted prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the 2013 Share Option
 Scheme and the options granted prior to the termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with 2013
 Share Option Scheme.

 On 26 November 2021, the Company granted 181,917,000 share options pursuant to the 2013 Share Option Scheme and
 no further share options were granted pursuant to the 2013 Share Option Scheme up to the termination of the 2013 Share
 Option Scheme. For the year ended 31 December 2025, no share option granted under the 2013 Share Option Scheme had
 been lapsed or cancelled. As at 31 December 2025, a total of 181,228,000 share options granted under the 2013 Share
 Option Scheme have not been exercised.

 2023 Share Option Scheme
 The Company adopted the current share option scheme (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”) pursuant to a resolution
 passed by the shareholders in the 2023 AGM. The purpose of the 2023 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives to
 eligible participants. Since the adoption of the 2023 Share Option Scheme and up to the date of this report, the Company
 has not granted any share option under the 2023 Share Option Scheme or adopted any other share scheme. As at 31
 December 2025, there were no outstanding options under the 2023 Share Option Scheme.

 For further details of the 2013 Share Option Scheme and the 2023 Share Option Scheme and movements of share options
 granted to any director(s) of the Company (each a “Director” and collectively, the “Directors”), please refer to the
 subsection headed “Share Options” under the section headed “Directors’ Report” of this report.



 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

 As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed approximately 684 employees. The remuneration policy of the Group is
 to reward its employees with reference to their qualifications, experience and work performance as well as to market
 benchmarks. Employee benefits include medical insurance coverage and mandatory provident fund, etc. Total staff costs for
 the year ended 31 December 2025, including directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately RMB338.0 million (for the
 year ended 31 December 2024: RMB269.6 million).



 FINAL DIVIDEND

 The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 (for the year ended
 31 December 2024: nil).



14 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued)




MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL

On 13 January 2025, (i) Beijing Ruyijingxiu Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Beijing Jingxiu”, 北京儒意景秀網 絡科技有
限 公 司 ) and Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited (“Virtual Cinema”) (as purchasers) (collectively, the “Beijing Yonghang
Purchasers”); (ii) Tencent Digital (Shenzhen) Company Limited* (騰訊數碼(深圳)有 限公司), Tencent Mobility Limited (“Tencent
Hong Kong”), Guangxi Tencent Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廣西騰訊創業投資有限公司) and Tibet Yonghang Enterprise
Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (西藏永航企業管理合夥企 業(有限合夥)) (as vendors) (collectively, the “Beijing
Yonghang Vendors”); (iii) Beijing Yonghang Technology Company Limited (“Beijing Yonghang”); and (iv) the Company
(as the guarantor of the Beijing Yonghang Purchasers) entered into an equity transfer agreement (the “Beijing Yonghang
Equity Transfer Agreement”), pursuant to which the Beijing Yonghang Vendors had conditionally agreed to sell, and the
Beijing Yonghang Purchasers had conditionally agreed to acquire a total of 30% equity interest in Beijing Yonghang at a total
consideration of RMB825 million, including (i) RMB742.5 million in cash, and (ii) 36,666,667 new shares (the “Consideration
Shares”) to be allotted and issued by the Company to Tencent Hong Kong or its designated parties at the price of HK$2.432
per Consideration Share.

Beijing Jingxiu is a controlled structured entity in which the Company has 100% beneficial interest, and Virtual Cinema is
an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Each of the Beijing Yonghang Vendors is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent Holdings”), a shareholder indirectly holding more than 10% of the shares of the
Company. The core assets of Beijing Yonghang encompass “QQ Dance”《(QQ 炫舞》), “QQ Dance II”《(QQ 炫舞 2》), “QQ
Dance Mobile”《(QQ 炫 舞 手 遊》        ), and other games.

On 10 April 2025, the Consideration Shares were allotted and issued to Tencent Hong Kong pursuant to the specific mandate
sought from the shareholders of the Company other than Water Lily Investment Limited, Mr. Yang Ming and their respective
associates at the special general meeting of the Company convened on 26 March 2025.

For further details of the acquisition of 30% equity interest in Beijing Yonghang and issue of Consideration Shares under
specific mandate, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 13 January 2025, the circular of the Company
dated 7 March 2025 and the next day disclosure return of the Company dated 10 April 2025.

Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2025, there was no other material acquisition or disposal by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.



SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

Save as disclosed in the above sub-section headed “Material Acquisition and Disposal”, the Group did not have any
significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total
assets as of 31 December 2025) for the year ended 31 December 2025, and there was no plan authorised by the Board for
other material investments or additions of capital assets as at the date of this report.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          15
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

 The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries principally engage in content production, online streaming
 business, online gaming business, manufacture and sales of accessories.



 BUSINESS REVIEW

 A review of the Group’s business during the Year under review and a discussion on the Group’s future business development,
 possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing and important events affecting the Company which occurred
 during the Year are provided in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement”, the section headed “Management Discussion
 and Analysis” of this report, the section headed “Event after the End of the Reporting Period” of this directors’ report and
 note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

 The Group manages environmental and social issues that affect the Group and on which the Group can have an impact.
 All activities of the Group must comply with the laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates in relation
 to emissions, use of resources and environmental protection. The Group reduces the consumption of energy and other
 resources, reduces wastes and protects natural resources. The Group implements separate collection and disposal of the
 non-hazardous wastes and few ink boxes and toner cartridges generated during its operation process and is committed
 to minimizing the impacts of its operation on the natural environment during the operation. The Group actively guides
 employees to implement the concept of green environmental protection in their daily work. Based on business characteristics
 and relying on the carrier of the network platform, the Group gradually delivers green environmental protection information
 to owners and customers in a timely manner to help improve the public’s awareness and attention to environmental
 protection. Details of such are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025 of the Company.

 Also, the Group has actively managed and monitored risks to protect and help the business development of the Group. The
 Group considered that the relationship with its customers has a relatively significant impact on the Group. The information
 about the Group’s major customers, risk associated with reliance on those major customers and measures to mitigate such
 risk are disclosed in notes 3.1(d) and 5(g) to the consolidated financial statements.



 RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

 The results of the Group during the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
 income on pages 76 and 77 of this report.




16 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy, pursuant to which the Company may declare and pay dividends to the
shareholders of the Company. The recommendation of the payment of any dividend is subject to the absolute discretion of
the Board, taking into account factors including but not limited to the Group’s actual and expected financial performance,
expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans, the retained earnings
and distributable reserves and liquidity position of the Group, the general economic conditions etc. The Board will review the
dividend policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.



SHARE CAPITAL AND WARRANTS

As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities and other equity
fundraising activities” below, the Company issued and allotted new shares of the Company pursuant to various share
subscription agreements and the exercise of warrants during the Year. Details of movements in the share capital and warrants
of the Company during the Year are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.



SHARE OPTIONS

2013 Share Option Scheme
The 2013 Share Option Scheme adopted pursuant to a resolution passed by the Shareholders on 31 October 2013 was
terminated by a resolution passed in the 2023 AGM. The primary purpose of the 2013 Share Option scheme is to provide
incentives or rewards to participants thereunder for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and
retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity and which
will expire 10 years after the date of adoption (i.e. 30 October 2023). Under the 2013 Share Option Scheme, the Board may,
at its discretion, grant options to supplier, customer, person or entity that provides research, development or technological
support or other services to the Group or any invested entity, shareholder or any member of the Group or any invested entity,
holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or invested entity and employee, including executive and non-
executive directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any invested entity to subscribe for shares in the Company
at the subscription price of (i) the closing price of the shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) on the date of grant of the option, which must be a trading day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the
shares on the Stock Exchange on the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant of the options; or (iii) the
nominal value of the shares, whichever is the highest.

The number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the 2013 Share Option
Scheme shall not exceed 7,359,057,611 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in issue on 10 June 2016,
the date when the refreshment of the scheme mandate limit was approved by Shareholders.

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to each participant (including both exercised and
outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of the issued share of the Company.
Upon acceptance of option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration of the grant. To the extent
that the offer to grant an option is not accepted within 28 days from the date upon which it is made, it shall be deemed to
have been irrevocably declined and lapsed automatically.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           17
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 An option may be exercised at any time during the validity period of the options. There is no vesting condition and
 performance target for the 2013 Share Option Scheme. The expiry date of the option is 10 years after the grant.

 On 26 November 2021, the Company granted 181,917,000 share options pursuant to the 2013 Share Option Scheme and
 no further share options were granted pursuant to the 2013 Share Option Scheme up to the termination of the 2013 Share
 Option Scheme. For the year ended 31 December 2025, (i) 181,228,000 share options granted under the 2013 Share Option
 Scheme had not been exercised; and (ii) no share option granted under the 2013 Share Option Scheme had been lapsed or
 cancelled. No share options were available for grant under the 2013 Share Option Scheme at the beginning and the end
 of the Year due to the termination of the scheme. Therefore, the disclosure of the number of shares that may be issued in
 respect of the share options granted under all the share option schemes of the Company during the Year divided by the
 weighted average number of shares in issue for the Year as required under Rule 17.07(3) of the Listing Rules is not applicable.

 Details of movements of share options granted to the Directors under the 2013 Share Option Scheme during the year ended
 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                Number of Share Options (thousands)
                                              Outstanding                                        Lapsed/ Outstanding
                                                     as at     Vested   Granted Exercised       cancelled       as at                             Exercise
                                                1 January      during during the during the during the 31 December                               price per
 Grantee                   Date of grant             2025    the Year       Year       Year         Year        2025 Exercise period           share (HK$)


 Mr. Zhang Qiang           26 November 2021            500          —          —           —            —            500 26 November 2022–            3.43
                                                                                                                            25 November 2027
                           26 November 2021          1,000          —          —           —            —          1,000 26 November 2023–            3.43
                                                                                                                            25 November 2028
                           26 November 2021          1,500          —          —           —            —          1,500 26 November 2024–            3.43
                                                                                                                            25 November 2029
                           26 November 2021          3,000          —          —           —            —          3,000 26 November 2025–            3.43
                                                                                                                            25 November 2030
                           26 November 2021          4,000          —          —           —            —          4,000 26 November 2026–            3.43
                                                                                                                            25 November 2031


                           Total:                   10,000          —          —           —            —         10,000


 Notes:


 1.       The vesting period for the share options granted on 26 November 2021 is from 26 November 2022 to 25 November 2031.


 2.       The closing price immediately before the date on which the share options were granted on 26 November 2021 was HK$3.43 per share.




18 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Details of movements of share options granted to senior management and employees of the Group (apart from current
Directors but including a former Director who resigned before 1 January 2025) during the year ended 31 December 2025 are
as follows:

                                            Number of Share Options (thousands)
                          Outstanding                                        Lapsed/    Outstanding
                                 as at      Vested   Granted Exercised cancelled               as at                                          Exercise
                            1 January       during     during     during      during    31 December                                              price
Date of grant                    2025     the Year the Year the Year the Year                  2025       Exercise period                       (HK$)


26 November 2021              8,561.55          —          —           —           —        8,561.55      26 November 2022–25 November 2027      3.43
26 November 2021             17,123.10          —          —           —           —       17,123.10      26 November 2023–25 November 2028      3.43
26 November 2021             25,684.65          —          —           —           —       25,684.65      26 November 2024–25 November 2029      3.43
26 November 2021             51,368.30          —          —           —           —       51,368.30      26 November 2025–25 November 2030      3.43
26 November 2021             68,490.40          —          —           —           —       68,490.40      26 November 2026–25 November 2031      3.43


Total:                         171,228          —          —           —           —         171,228


Notes:


1.       The vesting period for the share options granted on 26 November 2021 is from 26 November 2022 to 25 November 2031.


2.       The closing price immediately before the date on which the share options were granted on 26 November 2021 was HK$3.43 per share.


The total number of Shares available for issue under the 2013 Share Option Scheme is 181,228,000, representing approximately 1.08%
of the issued Shares as at the date of this report.

Details of the movements in the share options of the Company and the valuation of the share options of the Company during
the Year are set out in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

2023 Share Option Scheme
The 2023 Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 28 June 2023 at the 2023 AGM, for
the primary purpose of enabling the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their
contribution or potential contribution to the Group, and which will expire 10 years after the date of adoption (i.e. 27 June
2033).

Eligible participants under the 2023 Share Option Scheme (“Eligible Participants”) include:

•        Employee participants: the Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), officers (who are also Directors
         and/or employees) and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group (including persons who
         are granted options under the 2023 Share Option Scheme as inducement to enter into employment contracts with any
         member of the Group);

•        Related entity participants: any director, chief executive (who are also directors and/or employees) and employee of the
         holding companies, fellow subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company; and




                                                                                                         CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025             19
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 •    Service providers (“Service Providers”): any person providing services to the Group on a continuing and recurring
      basis in its ordinary and usual course of business of the Group, the grant of options to whom is in the interests of the
      long-term growth of the Group as determined by the Board, namely:

      (i)    suppliers of products or services, including suppliers, artistes, advisors, consultants, agents or other professional
             firms with expertise in production, development, marketing, promotion and/or distribution of film and television
             dramas, online streaming and games and other business activity(ies) that may be carried out by the Group from
             time to time; and

      (ii)   business partners, including distributors, joint venture partners or other contractual parties, which may be entities
             in the film and television drama production, online streaming and game industries and other business industries in
             which the Group operates from time to time that collaborate with the Group on continuing or discrete projects;

      but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding (i) placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for
      fundraising, mergers or acquisitions of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (ii) professional service providers such as the
      auditors or valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with impartiality and objectivity.

 The Board may, at its discretion, grant options to any Eligible Participant to subscribe for shares in the Company at the
 subscription price of (i) the closing price of the shares on the Stock Exchange on the date of grant of the option, which
 must be a trading day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares on the Stock Exchange on the five trading days
 immediately preceding the date of grant of the options; or (iii) the nominal value of the shares, whichever is the highest.

 The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted to each participant (excluding any options and
 awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant schemes) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
 total number of the issued share of the Company. Upon acceptance of option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company
 by way of consideration of the grant. To the extent that the offer to grant an option is not accepted within 30 days from the
 date upon which it is made, it shall be deemed to have been irrevocably declined and lapsed automatically.

 Subject to the exceptions as set out under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, an option granted under the 2023 Share Option
 Scheme has to be held for at least 12 months before it can be exercised. Save as determined by the Board and provided in
 the offer letter of the grant of an option, there is no performance target for the 2023 Share Option Scheme. The expiry date
 of the option is 10 years after the grant.

 The total number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2023 Share Option Scheme at the
 beginning of the Reporting Period and the end of the Reporting Period was 1,000,464,754 and 1,000,464,754, respectively.
 The total number of options available for grant under the Service Provider sub-limit of the 2023 Share Option Scheme at the
 beginning of the Reporting Period and the end of the Reporting Period was 500,232,377 and 500,232,377, respectively.

 Since the adoption of the 2023 Share Option Scheme and up to the date of this report, the Company has not granted any
 share option under the 2023 Share Option Scheme or adopted any other share scheme. Therefore, no option was exercised
 or cancelled or has lapsed during the Year under the 2023 Share Option Scheme as at 31 December 2025. Therefore, the
 disclosures of the weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options were
 exercised or vested pursuant to Rule 17.07(1)(d) of the Listing Rules and the number of shares that may be issued in respect
 of the share options granted under all the share option schemes of the Company during the Year divided by the weighted
 average number of shares in issue for the Year as required under Rule 17.07(3) of the Listing Rules are not applicable.




20 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




The total number of Shares available for issue under the 2023 Share Option Scheme is 1,000,464,754, representing
approximately 5.95% of the issued Shares as at the date of this report.



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save for the 2013 Share Option Scheme, the 2023 Share Option Scheme and the agreements as disclosed in the sub-section
headed “Purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities and other equity fundraising activities” in this
report, the Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreements in 2025, nor did there subsist any equity-linked
agreement entered into by the Company as at 31 December 2025.



PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the Group’s property, plant and equipment during the Year are set out in note 6 to the consolidated
financial statements.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

The Company's reserve was as follows:

                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


Contributed surplus                                                                                 63,481         63,481
Accumulated losses                                                                              (4,634,489)    (4,547,341)


                                                                                                (4,571,008)    (4,483,860)


Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company is available for
distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus
if:

(a)   the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

(b)   the realisable value of the Company would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share
      capital and share premium accounts.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025       21
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 DIRECTORS AND SERVICE CONTRACTS

 The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report were as follows:

 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Ke Liming (Chairman)
 Mr. Zhang Qiang

 Non-executive Director:
 Mr. Yang Ming

 Independent Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
 Mr. Chen Haiquan
 Professor Shi Zhuomin

 Pursuant to bye-law 84 of the Company’s bye-laws (“Bye-laws”), each of Mr. Ke Liming, Mr. Zhang Qiang, Mr. Chau Shing
 Yim, David, and Professor Shi Zhuomin will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”)
 and, being eligible, offer himself/herself for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

 None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which is
 not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

 Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and each of the non-executive Director
 and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, all for a term of three
 years and is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.



 DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

 No transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and
 in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisted
 during or at the end of the Year.



 CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

 Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the Year had the Company or any of its subsidiaries entered into any
 contract of significance with the controlling Shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries, nor had any
 contract of significance been entered into for the services provided by the controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries to
 the Company or any of its subsidiaries.




22 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2025, the interest and short positions of the Directors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares
and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) as required to be kept and recorded in the register maintained
by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of the Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3
to the Listing Rules as adopted by the Company, was as follows:

Long positions in shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                          Beneficial
                                                                                                                         interest in        Approximate
Name of Director                                         Nature of interest                                                  shares         % of interest


Mr. Ke Liming (Note 1)                                   Controlled corporation (Note 1)                             2,120,671,294                  12.62%
                                                         Other (Note 2)                                                506,709,956                   3.02%
Mr. Zhang Qiang (Note 3 )                                Beneficial owner                                               10,000,000                   0.06%
Mr. Yang Ming (Note 4 )                                  Beneficial owner                                                1,080,000                   0.01%

Notes:


(1)      The 2,627,381,250 shares of the Company were indirectly held by Mr. Ke Liming, an executive Director and the chairman of the Board, through Pumpkin
         Films Limited, a company wholly-owned by him.


(2)      Solely to facilitate on-lending to holders and/or prospective holders of the 2025 Bonds (as defined below) issued by the Company to conduct hedging
         transactions, Pumpkin Films Limited entered into stock borrowing and lending agreements with Merrill Lynch International and Goldman Sachs
         International on 14 April 2025 and delivered the shares on the same date.


(3)      The interests in shares (as defined in Part XV of the SFO) held by Mr. Zhang Qiang represent the underlying shares of the options granted to Mr. Zhang
         Qiang under the 2013 Share Option Scheme.


(4)      Mr. Yang Ming was directly interested in 1,080,000 shares of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and any of its
associated corporations that were required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Listing Rules. During the Year, no individual has held the position of chief executive
of the Company.




                                                                                                            CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025                    23
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

 Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the Year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
 arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including
 debentures) of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors, or their spouses or children under the
 age of eighteen, had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such rights during the
 Year.



 INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE
 UNDER THE SFO

 Positions as at 31 December 2025

 As at 31 December 2025, Shareholders who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company of 5%
 or more which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register to be
 kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

 Interest in the shares and underlying shares — long positions:
                                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                        Deemed                                                              percentage of
                                                Number of            interests in                                                             issued share
                                                  ordinary            number of                                                                  capital of
 Name of Shareholder                           shares held                shares                Total Capacity                              the Company


 Mr. Ke Liming (Note 1)                                     0 2,120,671,294           2,120,671,294 Interest of a controlled                         12.62%
                                                                                                       corporation (Note 1)
                                                        0   506,709,956                 506,709,956 Other (Note 2)                                    3.02%
 Pumpkin Films Limited (Note 1 )            2,120,671,294             0               2,120,671,294 Beneficial owner                                 12.62%
                                              506,709,956             0                 506,709,956 Other (Note 2)                                    3.02%
 Tencent Holdings                                       0 2,582,401,232               2,582,401,232 Interest of a controlled                         15.37%
                                                                                                       corporation
 Water Lily Investment                      2,545,734,565                        0    2,545,734,565 Beneficial owner                                 15.15%
   Limited (Note 3 )
 Sunshine Life Insurance                    1,489,944,438                        0    1,489,944,438 Beneficial owner                                  8.87%
   Corporation Limited

 Notes:

 (1)      Pumpkin Films Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Ke Liming. The 2,627,381,250 shares of the Company were indirectly held by Mr. Ke Liming, through
          Pumpkin Films Limited.

 (2)      Solely to facilitate on-lending to holders and/or prospective holders of the 2025 Bonds (as defined below) issued by the Company to conduct hedging
          transactions, Pumpkin Films Limited entered into stock borrowing and lending agreements with Merrill Lynch International and Goldman Sachs
          International on 14 April 2025 and delivered the shares on the same date.

 (3)      Tencent Holdings was indirectly interested in 2,582,401,232 Shares of which 2,545,734,565 Shares were directly held by Water Lily Investment Limited,
          an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings and 36,666,667 Shares were directly held by Tencent Hong Kong, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Tencent Holdings.



24 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified by any person who had interests or
short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV
of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by Company under Section 336 of the SFO.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
AND OTHER EQUITY FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES

(1) Subscription of new shares pursuant to the subscription agreements under general
mandate and (2) placing of new shares pursuant to the placing agreement under
general mandate
On 27 January 2025 (after trading hours), the Company (as the issuer) entered into two separate subscription agreements
(the “Jan 2025 Subscription Agreements”) with each of Sunshine Life Insurance Corporation Limited (陽光人壽保險股份
有 限 公 司 ) and TFI Investment Fund SPC (“TFI Investment”) (collectively, the “Jan 2025 Subscribers”), pursuant to which
the Jan 2025 Subscribers had conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company had conditionally agreed to allot and
issue, an aggregate of 1,144,514,767 subscription shares at the subscription price of HK$2.37 per subscription share, upon
the respective terms and subject to the respective conditions set out in the respective Jan 2025 Subscription Agreements
(the “Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions”). The closing price per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the Jan
2025 Subscription Agreements was HK$2.42. The subscription price was determined after arm’s length negotiation between
the Company and each of the Jan 2025 Subscribers after taking into account the prevailing market price of the Shares and
the trading volume of the Shares. The subscription shares had an aggregate nominal value of HK$22,890,295.34 based on a
nominal value of HK$0.02 per Share. The gross proceeds from the Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions amounted to approximately
HK$2,712,499,998 (equivalent to approximately US$350,000,000), while the net proceeds from the Jan 2025 Share
Subscriptions, after deducting the related expenses, were estimated to be approximately HK$2,712,499,998. The proposed
fundraising is expected to provide the Group with definite amount of capital whereby the shareholders base of the Company
will also be enlarged and diversified, further strengthening the financial position and market reputation of the Group.

On 27 January 2025 (after trading hours), the Company (as the issuer) entered into a placing agreement (the “Jan 2025
Placing Agreement”) with TFI Securities and Futures Limited (as the placing agent, the “Jan 2025 Placing Agent”),
pursuant to which the Jan 2025 Placing Agent had conditionally agreed to act as agent of the Company to procure, on a
best effort basis, not less than six placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be independent third parties to
subscribe for up to 490,506,329 placing shares at the placing price of HK$2.37 per placing share, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set out in the Jan 2025 Placing Agreement (the “Jan 2025 Placing”). The placing shares had an aggregate
nominal value of HK$9,810,126.58 based on a nominal value of HK$0.02 per Share. The gross proceeds from the Jan 2025
Placing amounted to approximately HK$1,162,500,000 (equivalent to approximately US$150,000,000) and the net proceeds
from the Jan 2025 Placing (after deducting the placing commission for the Jan 2025 Placing and other relevant expenses)
were approximately HK$1,157,850,000.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          25
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 The gross proceeds from the Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions and the Jan 2025 Placing, in aggregate, amounted to
 approximately HK$3,874,999,998 (equivalent to approximately US$500,000,000). The aggregate net proceeds of the Jan
 2025 Share Subscriptions and the Jan 2025 Placing, after the deduction of related fees and expenses for the Jan 2025
 Share Subscriptions and the Jan 2025 Placing and placing commission for the Jan 2025 Placing, amounted to approximately
 HK$3,870,349,998. The net subscription price per Share, after deduction of relevant costs and expenses, is estimated to be
 approximately HK$2.37 per Share. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions
 and the Jan 2025 Placing in the following manner: (a) approximately HK$3,483,314,998 (or approximately 90%) for the
 growth and expansion of the business of the Group, including content production, purchase of drama script and copyright
 and purchase of copyright of films and TV programs, and integrating upstream and downstream resources of the Group’s
 businesses; and (b) approximately HK$387,035,000 (or approximately 10%) for the Group’s general working capital
 purposes.

 On 25 April 2025, the Company and TFI Investment entered into a supplemental agreement, pursuant to which the Company
 and TFI Investment agreed to extend the subscription closing date and the long stop date under the subscription agreement
 entered into between the Company and TFI Investment to 28 July 2025 (or such other date as the parties may agree in
 writing).

 In respect of the Jan 2025 Placing, 160,280,000 placing shares and 330,226,329 placing shares were issued to the Jan 2025
 Placing Agent on 14 February 2025 and 18 February 2025 respectively, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Jan
 2025 Placing Agreement and under the general mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general
 meeting of the Company held on 18 June 2024 (the “2024 General Mandate”).

 In respect of the Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions, 654,008,438 subscription shares were allotted and issued to Sunshine Life
 Insurance Corporation Limited under the 2024 General Mandate on 27 February 2025; and 327,004,000 and 163,502,329
 subscription shares were allotted and issued to TFI Investment on 8 July 2025 and 24 July 2025, respectively.

 For further details of the Jan 2025 Share Subscriptions and the Jan 2025 Placing, please refer to the announcements of
 the Company dated 28 January 2025 and 14 February 2025 and the next day disclosure returns of the Company dated 14
 February 2025, 18 February 2025, 27 February 2025, 8 July 2025 and 24 July 2025.




26 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Details of the planned application and utilisation of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                      Utilized        Unutilized Expected timeframe
Proposed use of proceeds as disclosed               Allocated     Percentage     amount as at      amount as at for utilising the
in the announcement of the Company                 amount of      of total net   31 December       31 December remaining unused
dated 28 January 2025                            net proceeds       proceeds             2025              2025 net proceeds
                                                  (HK$ million)            (%)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


The growth and expansion of the                          3,483             90            3,483                0 —
  business of the Group, including but
  not limited to:
  (i)   content production                                 968             25              968                0 —
  (ii)  purchase of drama script and                       387             10              387                0 —
        copyright
  (iii) purchase of copyright of films                     387             10              387                0 —
        and TV programs
  (iv) others (such as development of                    1,741             45            1,741                0 —
        online game business)
General working capital purposes (mainly                   387             10              387                0 —
  including payment of (i) advertising
  and promotion costs; (ii) staff costs; (iii)
  technical and development services
  fee; and (iv) rental costs)


Total                                                    3,870            100            3,870                0 —


Issue of HK$2,341 million 3.95% convertible bonds due 2030 under general mandate (the
“2025 Bonds”)
On 14 April 2025 (after trading hours), the Company and the CLSA Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, Goldman
Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Macquarie Capital Limited and Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited (together as joint lead managers for
the 2025 Bonds, the “Managers”) entered into a conditional subscription agreement (the “2025 Bonds Subscription
Agreement”), under which, among other things, the Managers have severally (and not jointly) agreed to subscribe and pay
for, or to procure to subscribe and pay for, the 2025 Bonds to be issued by the Company in an aggregate principal amount
of HK$2,341 million, subject to the terms and conditions as set out in the 2025 Bonds Subscription Agreement.

The 2025 Bonds may be converted into conversion shares pursuant to the conditions at an initial conversion price of
HK$2.704 per conversion share (subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2025 Bonds). The closing
price per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the 2025 Bonds Subscription Agreement was HK$2.31.
The initial conversion price was determined with reference to the prevailing market price of the Shares and the terms and
conditions of the 2025 Bonds was negotiated on an arm’s length basis between the Company and the Managers after a
book-building exercise.




                                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025          27
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 The conversion shares to be allotted and issued upon conversion of the 2025 Bonds shall rank pari passu in all respects with
 the Shares then in issue on the relevant conversion date, and will utilise, based on the initial conversion price, approximately
 865,754,437 Shares under the 2024 General Mandate.

 The proposed issue of the 2025 Bonds is expected to provide the Group with definite amount of capital and thereby provide
 funding for the business development of the Group and further strengthen the financial position and the capital structure of
 the Group, without an immediate dilution effect on the shareholding of the existing shareholders of the Company. At the
 same time, the potential shareholders base of the Company will also be enlarged.

 The aggregate gross proceeds from the issue of the 2025 Bonds were HK$2,341 million. The aggregate net proceeds
 from the issue of the 2025 Bonds, after deduction of fees, commissions and other related expenses, were estimated to be
 approximately HK$2,304 million, representing a net issue price of approximately HK$2.662 per conversion share based on
 the initial conversion price. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the 2025 Bonds in the following manner: (i)
 approximately HK$2,074 million (approximately 90%) for the growth and expansion of the business of the Group, including
 but not limited to content production, purchase of drama script and copyright, purchase of copyright of films and TV
 programs, and for others (such as development of online game business); and (ii) approximately HK$230 million (approximately
 10%) for the Group’s general working capital purposes.

 The issue of the 2025 Bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$2,341 million was completed on 22 April 2025 and the
 listing of and permission to deal in the 2025 Bonds on the Stock Exchange became effective on 23 April 2025.

 For further details of the issue of the 2025 Bonds, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 15 April 2025
 and 22 April 2025 and the offering circular of the Company dated 14 April 2025.




28 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Details of the planned application and utilisation of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                       Utilized        Unutilized
Proposed use of proceeds as disclosed                Allocated     Percentage     amount as at      amount as at     Expected timeframe for
in the announcements of the Company              amount of net     of total net   31 December       31 December      utilising the remaining
dated 15 April 2025 and 22 April 2025                 proceeds       proceeds             2025              2025     unused net proceeds
                                                   (HK$ million)            (%)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)


Growth and expansion of the business                      2,074             90              330             1,744    before 31 December 2027
  of the Group, including but not
  limited to:
  (i)    content production                                 829             36              137               692    before 31 December 2027
  (ii)   purchase of drama script and                       230             10                0               230    before 31 December 2027
         copyright
  (iii) purchase of copyright of films and                  230             10                9               221    before 31 December 2027
         TV programs
  (iv) others (such as development of                       785             34              184               601    before 31 December 2027
         online game business)
General working capital purposes (mainly                    230             10              230                 0    —
  including payment of (i) advertising
  and promotion costs; (ii) staff costs; (iii)
  technical and development services
  fee; and (iv) rental costs)


Total                                                     2,304            100              560             1,744    —


Issue of new shares under general mandate
On 31 July 2025 (after trading hours), the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the “Jul 2025 Subscription
Agreement”) with Infini Capital Management Limited (the “Jul 2025 Subscriber”), pursuant to which the Subscriber
conditionally agreed to subscribe, and the Company conditionally agreed to issue and allot a total of 1,300,000,000
subscription shares at a subscription price of HK$3.00 per subscription share (the “Jul 2025 Share Subscription”) under
the general mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 3
June 2025 (the “2025 General Mandate”). On 1 August 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into a placing
agreement (the “Jul 2025 Placing Agreement”) with CLSA Limited (the “Jul 2025 Placing Agent”), engaged primarily
to facilitate the settlement and dematerialization of the subscription shares under the Jul 2025 Subscription Agreement,
which was a request of the Jul 2025 Subscriber (the “Jul 2025 Placing”). The closing price per Share as quoted on the Stock
Exchange as at 31 July 2025 was HK$3.14. The subscription price was determined after arm’s length negotiation between
the Company and the Jul 2025 Subscriber after taking into account the prevailing market price of the Shares and the trading
volume of the Shares. The allotment and issuance of Shares is expected to provide the Group with definite amount of capital
whereby the shareholders base of the Company will also be enlarged and diversified, further strengthening the financial
position and market reputation of the Group.




                                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025           29
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Jul 2025 Subscription Agreement, a total of 390,000,000 subscription shares
 have been subscribed at the subscription price of HK$3.00 per subscription share on 18 August 2025 under the 2025 General
 Mandate.

 The subscription price and the total number of subscription shares were amended pursuant to the supplemental agreements
 to the Jul 2025 Subscription Agreement and the Jul 2025 Placing Agreement dated 11 September 2025, 24 September
 2025, 6 November 2025 and 12 December 2025. A total of 400,000,000 subscription shares were further allotted and issued
 at a subscription price of HK$2.60 per subscription share on 18 December 2025 under the 2025 General Mandate. The
 closing price per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange as at 6 November 2025 was HK$2.65. The subscription price was
 determined after arm’s length negotiation between the Company and the Jul 2025 Subscriber after taking into account the
 prevailing market price of the Shares and the trading volume of the Shares.

 The gross proceeds from the Jul 2025 Share Subscription were approximately HK$2,210 million, while the aggregate net
 proceeds, after the deduction of related settlement agent fees, costs and expenses, were approximately HK$2,205 million.
 The net subscription price per Share, after such deductions, is estimated to be approximately HK$2.79. The Company
 intends to apply the net proceeds from the Jul 2025 Share Subscription in the following manner: (a) approximately HK$519
 million for the growth and expansion of the business of the Group, including purchase of upstream literary works and script
 copyright, collaborative investments with screenwriter and director, and film and television production or related investment;
 (b) approximately HK$1,557 million for strategic investments and acquisitions to expand the Group’s business, including
 investment and acquisitions involving targets in the gaming industry and the film industry; and (c) approximately HK$129
 million for the Group’s general working capital purposes (mainly including payment of advertising and promotion costs, staff
 costs, technical and development services fee, and rental costs).

 For further details of the Jul 2025 Share Subscriptions and the Jul 2025 Placing, please refer to the announcements of the
 Company dated 1 August 2025, 18 August 2025, 12 September 2025, 24 September 2025, 10 October 2025, 6 November
 2025 and 14 December 2025 and the next day disclosure returns of the Company dated 18 August 2025 and 18 December
 2025.




30 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Details of the planned application and utilisation of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2025 are set out below:

Proposed use of proceeds as disclosed
in the announcements of the Company
dated 18 August 2025, 12 September                                            Utilized         Unutilized
2025, 24 September 2025, 10 October       Allocated       Percentage     amount as at       amount as at     Expected timeframe for
2025, 6 November 2025 and 14 December amount of net       of total net   31 December        31 December      utilising the remaining
2025                                       proceeds         proceeds             2025               2025     unused net proceeds
                                        (HK$ million)              (%)    (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)


Growth and expansion of the business of            519          23.53                0                519    before 31 December 2027
  the Group
  (i) Purchase of upstream literary works        129.75          5.88                0             129.75    before 31 December 2027
        and script copyright
  (ii) Collaborative investments with            129.75          5.88                0             129.75    before 31 December 2027
        screenwriter and director
  (iii) Film and television production or         259.5         11.77                0              259.5    before 31 December 2027
        related investment
Strategic investments and acquisitions to         1,557         70.62              500              1,057    before 31 December 2027
  expand the Group’s business
  (i) Investment and acquisitions involving       778.5         35.31              105              673.5    before 31 December 2027
        targets in the gaming industry
  (ii) Investment and acquisitions involving      778.5         35.31              395              383.5    before 31 December 2027
        targets in the film industry
General working capital purposes (mainly           129           5.85               21                108    before 31 December 2027
  including payment of (i) advertising
  and promotion costs; (ii) staff costs; (iii)
  technical and development services
  fee; and (iv) rental costs)


Total                                             2,205           100              521              1,684    —


Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the
Company’s listed securities and the Company had not conducted any other equity fundraising activities during the year ended
31 December 2025.




                                                                                          CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025            31
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 Utilization of Proceeds from Issuance of Shares pursuant to the exercise of warrants
 On 20 January 2021, the Group completed its acquisition of (1) the entire issued share capital of Virtual Cinema
 Entertainment Limited and (2) all amounts (including all interests due and payable, if any) owing by Virtual Cinema
 Entertainment Limited, Virtual Cinema Culture Limited and Shanghai Muzhou Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海沐 洲
 網絡科 技 有 限 公 司 ) to Mr. Ke Liming and Pumpkin Films Limited and the relevant loan agreements on or at any time prior
 to 20 January 2021, being the completion date of the acquisition. Part of the consideration of such acquisition was settled
 by way of allotment and issue at maximum 1,834,279,307 warrants (after share consolidation) at the warrant exercise price
 of HK$0.96 (after share consolidation) per warrant share. The Company issued an aggregate of 1,834,279,307 Shares on
 27 December 2024 and 31 December 2024 pursuant to the exercise of warrants in accordance with the warrant instrument
 of the Company dated 20 January 2021. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 26 October
 2020, 27 October 2020, 18 January 2021 and 20 January 2021; the circular of the Company dated 31 December 2020; and
 the next day disclosure returns of the Company dated 30 December 2024 and 31 December 2024.

 The net proceeds raised from the aforementioned issue of new shares upon exercise of warrants were approximately
 HK$1,760,908,000. The entire amount of these net proceeds was used for general corporate purposes as disclosed in the
 circular of the Company dated 31 December 2020 during the year ended 31 December 2025.

 Details of the planned application and utilisation of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                        Utilized       Unutilized
 Proposed use of proceeds as disclosed in             Allocated     Percentage     amount as at     amount as at     Expected timeframe for
 the circular of the Company dated                amount of net     of total net   31 December      31 December      utilising the remaining
 31 December 2020                                      proceeds       proceeds             2025             2025     unused net proceeds
                                                    (HK$ million)            (%)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


 General working capital purposes (mainly
   including payment of (i) advertising
   and promotion costs; (ii) staff costs; (iii)
   technical and development services
   fee; and (iv) rental costs)                             1,761            100            1,761               —     —


 Total                                                     1,761            100            1,761               —     —




32 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the Year, the percentages of the Group’s revenue attributable to its largest customer and five largest customers were
22% and 73% respectively. The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted
for approximately 32% of the Group’s total purchases and the amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest
supplier was approximately 12% of the Group’s total purchases. During the Year, Tencent Holdings, a substantial shareholder
of the Company, is the holding company of two of the five largest customers of the Group which contributed 43% of the
revenue of the Group. Save as disclosed above, to the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors, their associates
or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital)
has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisting during the Year.



STRUCTURED CONTRACTS

Background
As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report,
during the Year, the principal businesses of the Group are content production, online streaming business and game business.
In particular, the content production and online streaming businesses involve production and operation of audiovisual
program service, commercial internet cultural activities and value-added telecommunication services (the “Streaming
Restricted Business”), and the game business involves game operations and value-added telecommunication services (the “Game
Restricted Business”).

Content production, online streaming business and game business
On 20 December 2007, the former State Administration of Radio, Film and Television (SARFT) and the former Ministry of
Information Industry published the Administrative Regulations on Internet Audio-Visual Program Service (《互聯網視聽節目
服 務 管 理 規 定》) (amended on 28 August 2015, the “Internet Audio-Visual Program Regulations”), under Article 2 and
Article 7 of which, the Group’s online streaming media business constitutes an internet-based video-audio program service,
and shall apply for the License for Dissemination Audio-Visual Programs via Information Network ( 信息網絡傳播視聽節
目 許 可 證 ) (“AVSP License”) in accordance with the relevant requirements of the competent authorities. Article 8 thereof
further provides that only state-owned or state-controlled companies are qualified to secure AVSP Licenses. In practice, only
state-owned or state-controlled companies are qualified to secure such licenses, with the exception of a few Chinese non-
state-related companies.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           33
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




  On 17 February 2011, the former Ministry of Culture published the Interim Administrative Provisions on Internet Culture
 (《互聯 網 文 化 管 理 暫 行 規 定》          ) (amended on 15 December 2017), under Article 3 of which, the Group’s online streaming
  media business constitutes an internet-based cultural activity. Article 8 and Article 9 thereof further provide that an internet-
  based information service provider benefiting from internet-based cultural activities shall apply for the Internet Culture
  Operation License ( 網 絡 文 化 經 營 許 可 證 ) (“ICO License”) in accordance with the relevant requirements of the competent
  authorities. On 6 September 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce
  promulgated the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2024) (the “Negative
  List”), under which, foreign investors are prohibited from investing in the internet-based cultural operations (save for music
  operation(s)), and currently, only domestic PRC companies or Sino-foreign joint ventures in which CEPA (Closer Economic
  Partnership Arrangements) permit-holder(s) investing in no more than 50% equity interest may apply for such ICO License.

 On 25 September 2000, the State Council published the Telecommunications Regulations (《電信條例》) (amended on 29
 July 2014, and further amended on 6 February 2016). On 3 July 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
 (“MIIT”) published the Administrative Measures for the Licensing of Telecommunications Services (《電信業務經營許可管
 理辦法》). On 28 December 2015, the MIIT published the Classification Catalogue of Telecommunications Services (2015)
 (amended on 6 June 2019, “2015 Catalogue”). Under the Telecommunications Regulations, the Administrative Measures
 for the Licensing of Telecommunications Services and the 2015 Catalogue, the Group’s online streaming business and game
 business shall constitute the “internet information services” category which rendered the requirement to procure the value-
 added telecommunications services operation license ( 增值電信業務經營許可證). On 11 December 2001, the State
 Council promulgated the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunications Enterprises (《外商投資
 電信企業 管 理 規 定》) (amended on 10 September 2008, further amended on 6 February 2016, and most recently amended
 on 29 March 2022 (and effective from 1 May 2022), the “FITE Regulations”). Article 6 of the FITE Regulations and the
 Negative List provide that foreign ownership of companies that provide value-added telecommunication services is limited to
 50%. On 19 June 2015, the MIIT published the Circular on Removing the Restrictions on Shareholding Ratio Held by Foreign
 Investors in Online Data Processing and Transaction Processing (Operating E-commerce) Business (《關於放開在線數據處
 理與交 易 處 理 業 務 (經 營 類 電 子 商 務 )外 資 股 比 限 制的通告》) (“Circular No. 196”), which allows up to 100% foreign
 ownership in enterprises operating in certain categories of e-commerce business, but foreign shareholder shall remain subject
 to other conditions and requirements in respect of foreign investment.

 On 19 July 2004, the former SARFT published the Regulations on the Production and Operation of Radio and Television (“TV”)
 Programs (《廣播電視節目製作經營管理規定》                      ), as amended on 28 August 2015 and 1 December 2020 respectively (the “Radio
 & TV Programs Regulations”), under Article 2 and Article 4 of which, the Group’s content production business, having
 constituted a form of radio & television program production and operation activity, shall apply for a Permit for Production
 and Distribution of Radio and Television Program (廣播電視節目製作經營許可證). Article 12 thereof further provides
 that, in order to be qualified for TV dramas production, a Permit for Production of Television Series ( 電視劇製作許可證 )
 must also be obtained in advance. Under the Negative List, foreign-invested enterprises, irrespective of the foreign ownership
 percentage, are prohibited from investing in companies engaging in radio and television programs production and operation
 or film production companies, and are strictly prohibited from applying for these permits.




34 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




On 28 September 2009, the General Administration of Press and Publication of the PRC (“GAPP”), together with the National
Copyright Administration and the National Office of Combating Pornography and Illegal Publications, jointly issued the Notice
Regarding the Consistent Implementation of the “Regulation on Three Provisions” of the State Council and the Relevant
Interpretations of the State Commission Office for Public Sector Reform and the Further Strengthening of the Administration
of Pre-examination and Approval of Online Games and the Examination and Approval of Imported Online Games (關於貫
徹 落 實 國 務 院《「三 定」規 定》和 中 央 編 辦 有 關 解 釋，進 一 步 加 強 網 絡 遊 戲 前 置 審 批 和 進 口 網 絡 遊 戲 審 批 管 理 的 通
知) (the “GAPP Notice”), under Article 1 and Article 4 of which, the Group’s certain game business constitutes a form of
participation in domestic online game operations. Article 4 thereof further provides that foreign investors are not permitted
to invest or engage in online game operations in the PRC.

Above all, as advised by our PRC legal counsel, currently, foreign investors are prohibited or restricted from engaging in the
content production, online streaming media businesses and game operation business, which are conducted by the OPCOs
(as defined below) and Subsidiaries of the Group in accordance with PRC laws and regulations, and thus, substantial legal
obstacles remain to a certain extent in order for the WFOE (as defined below) to directly hold equity interests in each of the
OPCOs and use relevant operating licenses and permits to conduct content production business, online streaming media
business and game operation business, respectively.

In view of the above, the Company shall obtain effective control of each OPCO through structured contracts in accordance
with the general practice within the industries, subject to foreign investment restrictions in the PRC. The Streaming Restricted
Business and Game Restricted Business of the Group are carried out by Beijing Ruyi Streaming Media Information Technology
Co., Ltd.* (“Beijing Ruyi”, 北 京 儒 意 流 媒 體信息技術有限公司), Beijing Ruyi Jingxiu Network Technology Co., Ltd.*
(“Beijing Jingxiu”, 北 京 儒 意 景 秀 網 絡 科 技 有限公司), Beijing Xiaoming Zhumeng Data Service Co., Ltd.* (“Beijing
Xiaoming”, 北 京 曉 明 築 夢 數 據 服 務 有 限 公 司), and Shanghai Ruyi Film and Television Production Co., Ltd.* (“Shanghai
Ruyi”, 上 海 儒 意 影 視 製 作 有 限 公 司 , together with Beijing Ruyi, Beijing Jingxiu and Beijing Xiaoming, collectively as the
“OPCOs” or each, an “OPCO”) and each of the direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the OPCOs (i.e., Shanghai
Ruyi Xingchen Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* ( 上海儒意星辰企業管理有限公司), Shanghai Ruyi Film and Television
Culture Communication Co., Ltd.* (上 海 儒 意 影視文化傳播有限公司), Ruyi Films (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.* (儒意影業( 杭
州 ) 有 限 公 司 ), Beijing Ruhu Tianyi Film Co., Ltd.* (“Ruhu Tianyi”, 北京儒虎添意影業有限公司), Hengyang Ruyi Film and
Television Production Co., Ltd.* (“Hengyang Ruyi”, 衡陽儒意影視製作有限公司), Hubei Ruyi Film and Television Culture
Co., Ltd.* (“Hubei Ruyi”, 湖 北 儒 意 影 視 文 化有限公司), Beijing Ruyi Film and Television Production Co., Ltd.* (“Beijing
Ruyi Film and Television”, 北 京 儒 意 影 視 製 作 有限公司), Beijing C4-Games Technology Co., Ltd.* (“C4-Games”, 北京
有 愛 互 娛 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), Beijing Youai Hudong Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Youai Hudong”, 北京有愛互動科技有限公
司), Quanzhou Ruyi Film and Television Culture Co., Ltd.* (“Quanzhou Ruyi”, 泉州儒意影視文化有限公司), Shaanxi Ruyi
Film and Television Culture Co., Ltd.* (“Shaanxi Ruyi”, 陝西儒意影視文化有限公司), and Wuxi Ruyi Film and Television
Culture Co., Ltd.* (“Wuxi Ruyi”, 無 錫 儒 意 影視文化有限公司), collectively as “Subsidiaries”) under the structured
contracts (collectively the “Structured Contracts”) with Shanghai Muzhou Internet Technology Ltd.* (the “WFOE”, 上海沐
洲 網 絡 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

The Company understands that it shall terminate the Structured Contracts should the relevant laws and regulations allow
foreign investor ownership of the entire equity interest of the OPCOs and each of the Subsidiaries. Further details of the
Structured Contracts are set forth below under the paragraph headed “The OPCOs Structured Contracts”.

We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that each of the Structured Contracts does not contravene the PRC
mandatory laws enacted by the National People’s Congress of the PRC and its Standing Committee applicable to the WFOE,
the OPCOs and/or each of the Subsidiaries.




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           35
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report,
 the content production and online streaming and online gaming businesses of the Group continued its rapid development
 in 2025. The Group’s content production and online streaming business are currently represented by “Pumpkin Films”, the
 Group’s film and television production and online streaming platform. During the Year, the Group also continued operation
 in the game business sector under its “JINGXIU” game business brand. The Streaming Restricted Business and Game
 Restricted Business of the Group are required to be operated by the OPCOs and their subsidiaries in order to (i) commence
 production and operation of radio and television programs and films, and to capture the continuous growth of registered
 users and traffic of the online streaming media platform; and (ii) commence the distribution and operation of mobile games,
 respectively, so as to acquire core user base and platform for operating the Group’s businesses. Looking forward to the near
 future, the Group will continue to promote the growth of content production and online streaming business, produce more
 popular dramas and films leveraging on its expertise, continue to deepen its innovation and applications of smart technology,
 and apply technology to empower the upgrading of the streaming media industry, thereby bringing immersive video viewing
 experience for users. The Group will also continue to expand its game offerings by commencing distribution, joint operation
 and marketing services of game business. As the Streaming Restricted Business and Game Restricted Business are material
 components of the abovementioned major business sectors of the Group, their performance are expected to become
 important to the overall performance of the Group in the future.

 The OPCOs and their subsidiaries conduct their businesses through personal computer (PC) websites, mobile applications (mobile
 Apps) or television applications (TV Apps) which they own or are authorised to operate. The business which the OPCOs and
 their subsidiaries operate includes the provision of video content to internet users, and such type of business contributes to
 the Group’s online streaming business. Furthermore, Shanghai Ruyi engages in the production and operation of radio and
 television programs and films, and such type of business contributes to the Group’s content production business. Beijing
 Jingxiu engages in, among others, the distribution, operation and marketing of game products, which contributes to the
 Group’s game business.

 Key financial information of the Group attributed by the OPCOs and their subsidiaries
 under the relevant structured contracts
 The Group’s total revenue for the Year, as contributed by the OPCOs, each of the Subsidiaries and other non-wholly
 owned invested companies under the Structured Contracts, amounted to approximately RMB3,293 million, representing
 approximately 98% of the Group’s total revenue for the Year; and the total assets of the OPCOs, each of the Subsidiaries and
 other non-wholly owned invested companies under the Structured Contracts, as at 31 December 2025, were approximately
 RMB18.016 billion, representing approximately 60% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2025.




36 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




The OPCOs Structured Contracts
The Structured Contracts in relation to the content production, online streaming business and game business are designed
to enable the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the business and operations of the OPCOs and their
subsidiaries together with effective control over and (to the extent permitted by PRC laws, rules and regulations) the right to
purchase the equity interests in the OPCOs.

1.   Exclusive Service Agreements

                            Beijing Ruyi          Shanghai Ruyi               Beijing Xiaoming         Beijing Jingxiu


     Parties                (i) the WFOE          (i) the WFOE                 (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE
                            (ii) Beijing Ruyi     (ii) Shanghai Ruyi           (ii) Beijing Xiaoming   (ii) Beijing Jingxiu
                                                  (iii) the Subsidiaries of                            (iii) the Subsidiaries of
                                                        Shanghai Ruyi (joining                               Beijing Jingxiu (joining
                                                        this agreement by way                                this agreement by
                                                        of signing the joinder                               way of signing the
                                                        agreement)                                           joinder agreement)

     Date of the master     1 August 2021         21 December 2020            29 December 2020         12 August 2021
       agreement

     Date of the joinder    N/A                   18 April 2022               N/A                      3 July 2024
       agreement                                  22 March 2023
                                                  25 March 2024
                                                  2 August 2024
                                                  21 August 2024
                                                  23 September 2024

     Subject                Pursuant to each of the Exclusive Service Agreements, among other things, each of the OPCOs
                            and their subsidiaries shall engage the WFOE as the exclusive service provider to provide
                            technology support, business support and consultancy services as set out in the relevant Exclusive
                            Service Agreements. Pursuant to each of the Exclusive Service Agreements, to the extent
                            permissible by the applicable laws, each of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries shall pay the WFOE a
                            service fee that equals to the audited profits after taxation. The service fee shall be payable on a
                            quarterly basis.




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025               37
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 2.   Management and Operation Agreements

                            Beijing Ruyi             Shanghai Ruyi               Beijing Xiaoming         Beijing Jingxiu


      Parties               (i) the WFOE             (i) the WFOE                 (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE
                            (ii) Beijing Ruyi        (ii) Shanghai Ruyi           (ii) Beijing Xiaoming   (ii) Beijing Jingxiu
                            (iii) Mr. Ke Liming      (iii) Mr. Ke Liming          (iii) Mr. Ke Liming     (iii) Mr. Ke Liming
                            (iv) Mr. Zhang           (iv) Mr. Zhang Guoliang (iv) Mr. Qing Gang           (iv) Beijing Ruyi
                                  Guoliang           (v) the Subsidiaries of                              (v) the Subsidiaries of
                                                           Shanghai Ruyi (joining                               Beijing Jingxiu (joining
                                                           this agreement by way                                this agreement by
                                                           of signing the joinder                               way of signing the
                                                           agreement)                                           joinder agreement)

      Date of the master    1 August 2021            21 December 2020            29 December 2020         12 August 2021
        agreement

      Date of the joinder   N/A                      18 April 2022               N/A                      3 July 2024
        agreement                                    22 March 2023
                                                     25 March 2024
                                                     2 August 2024
                                                     21 August 2024
                                                     23 September 2024

      Subject               Pursuant to each of the Management and Operation Agreements, among other things, (1) each
                            of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries; and (2) the relevant registered owners of the respective
                            OPCOs (the “PRC Registered Shareholder(s)”) and the ultimate beneficial owner to each of
                            the OPCOs (the “PRC Beneficial Owner(s)”) agreed and undertook that, without the WFOE’s
                            prior written consent or unless otherwise provided in the OPCO contracts, it shall not in any
                            way engage in any conduct that may adversely affect or materially affect the assets, business,
                            management model and management activities of the relevant OPCO and its subsidiaries (if any).
                            Without limiting the foregoing, each of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries and the relevant PRC
                            Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of each of the OPCOs undertake,
                            among other things, that:

                            (i)     its articles of association shall not be amended;

                            (ii)    its registered capital shall not be increased or decreased;

                            (iii)   no subsidiaries shall be set up;

                            (iv)    save as otherwise provided by the relevant set of the Structured Contracts, its shareholding
                                    and the legal or beneficial interests in any assets, businesses or income (except for the
                                    transfer of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of its principal business) shall
                                    not be disposed of;

                            (v)     save for those contracts entered into during its ordinary course of business, it shall not
                                    enter into any material contract with the value of over RMB5,000,000;

                            (vi)    it shall not provide loans or grant credit to anyone; and

                            (vii)   its business operation model, profit model, marketing strategy, business policy or customer
                                    relationship shall not be substantially adjusted.




38 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




3.   Call Option Agreements

                         Beijing Ruyi          Shanghai Ruyi             Beijing Xiaoming        Beijing Jingxiu


     Parties             (i) the WFOE          (i) the WFOE              (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE
                         (ii) Beijing Ruyi     (ii) Shanghai Ruyi        (ii) Beijing Xiaoming   (ii) Beijing Jingxiu
                         (iii) Mr. Ke Liming   (iii) Mr. Ke Liming       (iii) Mr. Ke Liming     (iii) Mr. Ke Liming
                         (iv) Mr. Zhang        (iv) Mr. Zhang Guoliang   (iv) Mr. Qing Gang      (iv) Beijing Ruyi
                               Guoliang

     Date of agreement   1 August 2021         21 December 2020          29 December 2020        12 August 2021

     Subject             Pursuant to each of the Call Option Agreements, the relevant PRC Registered Shareholder(s) of
                         each of the OPCOs agreed to, upon fulfilment of certain terms and conditions, dispose of all or
                         part of the equity interests in the relevant OPCO held by them to the WFOE or its designated
                         party.


4.   Equity Pledge Agreements

                         Beijing Ruyi          Shanghai Ruyi             Beijing Xiaoming        Beijing Jingxiu


     Parties             (i) the WFOE          (i) the WFOE              (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE
                         (ii) Beijing Ruyi     (ii) Shanghai Ruyi        (ii) Beijing Xiaoming   (ii) Beijing Jingxiu
                         (iii) Mr. Ke Liming   (iii) Mr. Ke Liming       (iii) Mr. Ke Liming     (iii) Beijing Ruyi
                         (iv) Mr. Zhang        (iv) Mr. Zhang Guoliang   (iv) Mr. Qing Gang
                               Guoliang

     Date of agreement   21 February 2023      30 December 2020          30 December 2020        13 February 2023

     Subject             Pursuant to each of the Equity Pledge Agreements, the relevant PRC Registered Shareholder(s)
                         of each of the OPCOs agreed to pledge all equity interests in the relevant OPCOs held by it to
                         the WFOE, as continuing security for the performance of all their respective obligations under
                         the relevant set of Structured Contracts. As advised by our PRC legal counsel, pledge of equities
                         in Beijing Ruyi will become enforceable upon perfection via registration with the competent
                         Administration for Market Regulation.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025            39
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 5.    Shareholder Voting Right Agreements

                             Beijing Ruyi            Shanghai Ruyi             Beijing Xiaoming        Beijing Jingxiu


       Parties               (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE              (i) the WFOE            (i) the WFOE
                             (ii) Beijing Ruyi       (ii) Shanghai Ruyi        (ii) Beijing Xiaoming   (ii) Beijing Jingxiu
                             (iii) Mr. Ke Liming     (iii) Mr. Ke Liming       (iii) Mr. Ke Liming     (iii) Mr. Ke Liming
                             (iv) Mr. Zhang          (iv) Mr. Zhang Guoliang   (iv) Mr. Qing Gang      (iv) Beijing Ruyi
                                   Guoliang

       Date of agreement     1 August 2021           21 December 2020          29 December 2020        12 August 2021

       Subject               Pursuant to each of the Shareholder Voting Right Agreements, the relevant PRC Registered
                             Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of each of the OPCOs agree to authorise the
                             WFOE, its designated nominee and the Company to exercise shareholder voting rights over the
                             relevant OPCO at the sole discretion of the WFOE, its designated nominee and/or the Company.


 6.    Nominee Shareholding Agreements

                                      Beijing Ruyi                   Shanghai Ruyi                Beijing Xiaoming


       PRC Beneficial Owner(s)        Mr. Ke Liming                  Mr. Ke Liming                Mr. Ke Liming

       PRC Registered               Mr. Zhang Guoliang               Mr. Zhang Guoliang           Mr. Qing Gang
         Shareholder(s)
         (other than Mr. Ke Liming)

       Date of agreement              1 August 2021                  21 December 2020             29 December 2020

       Subject                        Pursuant to each of the Nominee Shareholding Agreements, the relevant PRC Registered
                                      Shareholder(s) shall be the nominee of the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) for the beneficial
                                      interests and rights in Beijing Ruyi, Shanghai Ruyi and Beijing Xiaoming.


 On 29 December 2020, Beijing Jingxiu, its then PRC Registered Shareholder (Mr. Chen Cong) and the beneficial owner and
 the WFOE (as the case may be) entered into a structured contract which allowed Beijing Jingxiu to engage and operate the
 content production, online streaming business and game business involving production and operation of audiovisual program
 service, commercial internet cultural activities, value-added telecommunication services and game operation business. On
 19 March 2021, the PRC registered shareholder of Beijing Jingxiu had been changed from Mr. Chen Cong into Mr. Zhang
 Guoliang, while Beijing Jingxiu, its then PRC registered shareholder (Mr. Zhang Guoliang), the beneficial owner and the WFOE (as
 the case may be) entered into another structured contract effective from 19 March 2021 to 12 August 2021. On 12 August
 2021, the PRC Registered Shareholder of Beijing Jingxiu changed from Mr. Zhang Guoliang to Beijing Ruyi, while Beijing Ruyi,
 its PRC Registered Shareholder, the beneficial owner and the WFOE (as the case may be) entered into the above relevant
 Structured Contracts on 1 August 2021, and Beijing Jingxiu, Beijing Ruyi (as the PRC Registered Shareholder of Beijing
 Jingxiu), the beneficial owner of Beijing Jingxiu (Mr. Ke Liming) and the WFOE entered into the above relevant Structured
 Contracts on 12 August 2021.



40 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Following the completion of change of name and registered address of Beijing Jingxiu, for the purpose of registration of the
equity pledge agreements with the competent authority, (i) on 13 February 2023, WFOE, Beijing Jingxiu and Beijing Ruyi
entered into an equity pledge agreement in respect of the equity interests in Beijing Jingxiu; and (ii) on 21 February 2023,
WFOE, Beijing Ruyi, Mr. Ke Liming and Mr. Zhang Guoliang entered into an equity pledge agreement in respect of the equity
interests in Beijing Ruyi, pursuant to which the relevant PRC Registered Shareholder(s) of each of Beijing Jingxiu and Beijing
Ruyi agreed to pledge all equity interests in Beijing Jingxiu and Beijing Ruyi (as the case may be) held by him/it to WFOE.

Shanghai Ruyi established three wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely Ruhu Tianyi, Hengyang Ruyi, and Hubei Ruyi, on 2
November 2022, 11 January 2023, and 7 December 2023, respectively. Each of Ruhu Tianyi, Hengyang Ruyi, and Hubei Ruyi
engages in the Streaming Restricted Business. In order for the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the
business and operations of each of Ruhu Tianyi, Hengyang Ruyi, and Hubei Ruyi, each of Ruhu Tianyi, Hengyang Ruyi, and
Hubei Ruyi entered into (i) the joinder agreement to the master exclusive services agreement effective from their respective
establishment dates to assume the obligations to the same extent as those of Shanghai Ruyi under the master exclusive
services agreement; and (ii) the joinder agreement to the master management and operation agreement effective from their
respective establishment dates to assume the obligations to the same extent as those of Shanghai Ruyi under the master
management and operation agreement.

Shanghai Ruyi established two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Beijing Ruyi Film and Television and Quanzhou Ruyi, on 15 January
2024 and 2 August 2024, respectively. Beijing Ruyi Film and Television established two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Shaanxi
Ruyi and Wuxi Ruyi, on 21 August 2024 and 23 September 2024, respectively. Each of Beijing Ruyi Film and Television,
Quanzhou Ruyi, Shaanxi Ruyi, and Wuxi Ruyi engages in the Streaming Restricted Business. In order for the Group to
recognise and receive the economic benefit of the business and operations of each of Beijing Ruyi Film and Television,
Quanzhou Ruyi, Shaanxi Ruyi, and Wuxi Ruyi, each of Beijing Ruyi Film and Television, Quanzhou Ruyi, Shaanxi Ruyi, and
Wuxi Ruyi entered into (i) the joinder agreement to the master exclusive services agreement effective from their respective
establishment dates to assume the obligations to the same extent as those of Shanghai Ruyi under the master exclusive
services agreement; and (ii) the joinder agreement to the master management and operation agreement effective from their
respective establishment dates to assume the obligations to the same extent as those of Shanghai Ruyi under the master
management and operation agreement.

Beijing Jingxiu acquired C4-Games and C4-Games became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beijing Jingxiu, which, was registered
with the competent authority on 3 July 2024. C4-Games has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Youai Hudong. Both C4-Games
and Youai Hudong engage in the Game Restricted Business. In order for the Group to recognise and receive the economic
benefit of the business and operations of C4-Games and Youan Hudong, both C4-Games and Youan Hudong entered into (i)
the joinder agreements to the master exclusive services agreement dated 3 July 2024 to assume the obligations to the same
extent as those of Beijing Jingxiu under the master exclusive services agreement; and (ii) the joinder agreements to the master
management and operation agreement dated 3 July 2024 to assume the obligations to the same extent as those of Beijing
Jingxiu under the master management and operation agreement.




                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025           41
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 Subject to validity considerations of the Structured Contracts set out herein, the provisions set out in the Structured
 Contracts are binding on the successors of the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and/or the PRC Beneficial Owner(s), as if the
 successors were a signing party to the Structured Contracts. Although the Structured Contracts do not specify the identities
 of successors to such PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and/or the PRC Beneficial Owner(s), under the Civil Code of the PRC,
 the statutory successors include the spouse, children, parents, brothers, sisters, paternal grandparents and the maternal
 grandparents, and any breach by the successors would be deemed to be a breach of the Structured Contracts.

 We have also implemented measures to protect against the potential conflicts of interest between the Group and relevant
 PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of each of the OPCOs. Firstly, under the Call Option
 Agreements, the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) shall irrevocably and unconditionally grant
 to the WFOE (or through its designated nominee) an exclusive option to purchase, when permitted by the applicable PRC
 laws and regulations, all or any part of the equity interests of the OPCOs. Secondly, pursuant to the Shareholder Voting
 Right Agreements, the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) shall irrevocably entrust the WFOE,
 its designated nominee and the Company to exercise on his/its behalf all rights as a shareholder of the relevant OPCO.
 Furthermore, Mr. Ke Liming, Pumpkin Films Limited and their respective affiliate(s) entered into a Deed of Non-Competition
 Undertaking dated 20 January 2021 in favour of the Group pursuant to which each of them undertook that he/she/it will
 not (other than through the Group or the OPCOs) directly or indirectly operate, engage in, or have an interest in, invest in or
 otherwise participate in, through any corporate body, partnership, joint venture or other contractual arrangement (whether
 or not acting as a principal or agent for profit or other reasons), any business which is similar to or in competition with or
 may be in competition with any business conducted by the OPCOs or associated companies hereof from time to time or any
 such business which the OPCOs or its associated companies engage in, invest in or otherwise participate in unless otherwise
 provided for in the Deed of Non-Competition Undertaking. Therefore, we have minimised the impact of the relevant PRC
 Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of each of the OPCOs on the business operations of each of the
 OPCOs.

 The entering into of the above Structured Contracts does not constitute any notifiable transaction under Chapter 14 of the
 Listing Rules or any connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



 THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE STRUCTURED CONTRACTS AND THE
 ACTIONS TAKEN BY THE COMPANY TO MITIGATE THE RISKS (WHERE
 APPLICABLE)
 Business risks and financial risks borne by the Group as the primary beneficiary of the
 OPCOs
 As the primary beneficiary of the OPCOs, the Group is exposed to the business risks and financial risks faced by the OPCOs.
 Any profit or loss of the OPCOs, their subsidiaries will be reflected in the consolidated financial results of the Group.

 The PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not comply
 with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations
 As advised by our PRC legal counsel, each OPCO Structured Contract is individually binding on the parties subject to validity
 considerations set out herein. In addition, our PRC legal counsel believes that each OPCO Structured Contract itself does
 not directly violate relevant PRC mandatory laws enacted by the National People’s Congress of the PRC and its Standing
 Committee.




42 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




The Company has been advised by its PRC legal counsel that there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
application of current and future PRC laws and regulations. Our PRC legal counsel has advised that there is a possibility that
the PRC authorities may have different opinions on the interpretation of the relevant regulations and would not agree that
the Structured Contracts comply with the current PRC laws, regulations or rules or those that may be adopted in future,
and the authorities may deny the validity, effectiveness and enforceability of the Structured Contracts. Hence, there is no
assurance by the Group that the Structured Contracts could comply with future changes in the regulatory requirements in
the PRC and the PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not comply with applicable regulations. If
the authorities deny the validity, effectiveness and enforceability of the Structured Contracts, it could have a material adverse
impact on the Group’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations. On 13 July 2006, the MIIT issued the Circular
on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in the Operation of Value-added Telecommunications Services
issued by the MIIT (the “MIIT Circular”), which provides that a domestic company that holds a VATS License is prohibited
from leasing, transferring or selling the license to foreign investors in any form, and from providing any assistance, including
providing resources, sites or facilities, to foreign investors to operate telecommunications business illegally in the PRC. In
addition, Article 4 of the GAPP Notice prohibits foreign investors from gaining control over or participating in domestic online
game operations indirectly by, among others, establishing joint venture companies, establishing contractual arrangements
or providing technical support. Due to a lack of interpretative materials from the authorities, the Group cannot assure that
the MIIT, the GAPP, and other PRC authorities will not consider the structural arrangements as a kind of foreign investment
in telecommunication services or gaining control over or participating in domestic online game operations, in which case
the OPCOs or their subsidiaries, the WFOE and/or its overseas investor may be found in violation of the MIIT Circular or the
GAPP Notice (as the case may be) and as a result may be subject to various penalties, including nullification of the Structured
Contracts, restricting the Group’s right to collect revenue, a revocation of the relevant licenses, fines and the discontinuation
of or restrictions on the operations of the OPCOs and/or their subsidiaries.

To mitigate the above risks, the Board will closely monitor the implementation and compliance with the Structured Contracts
and will handle any regulatory enquiries from the government authorities in a timely manner, and will consult its legal
advisers or other professional advisors whenever necessary.

In addition, although the Structured Contracts contain dispute resolution clauses in the event that a dispute arises, these
provisions may not be enforceable under PRC laws and regulations. For example, an arbitration institution is not entitled to
grant such injunction and shall not order each of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries to be liquidated in accordance with the
prevailing PRC laws. In addition, certain temporary remedies granted by overseas courts such as Hong Kong and Bermuda
courts may not be recognised or otherwise be enforceable in the PRC.

The possible impact of the PRC Foreign Investment Law on the Structured Contracts
and the OPCOs
On 15 March 2019, the Second Session of the 13th National People’s Congress of the PRC passed the Foreign Investment
Law, which was implemented on 1 January 2020.

The abovementioned law has no significant impact on the Structured Contracts and the business of OPCOs for the time
being.

Despite this, our PRC legal counsel advised that according to the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, “investment
as stipulated in laws, administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council” is also a “foreign
investment”. Due to uncertain new laws in the future, administrative regulations or regulations of the State Council on
defining “foreign investment”, it’s not guaranteed whether there will be any significant impact on the future of the
Structured Contracts and the business of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries.


                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025            43
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 If the law, administrative regulations or the State Council stipulate otherwise that “foreign investment” is defined and the
 authorities deny the legality, validity and enforceability of the Structured Contracts, the Group will lose the control right of
 the OPCOs and their subsidiaries, fail to merge the financial results of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries or properly safeguard,
 determine and control the assets of the OPCOs, and their subsidiaries, which will have significant adverse impacts on the
 Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

 The Board will continue to monitor the progress of relevant laws, administrative regulations or the regulations of State
 Council and discuss with the Company’s PRC legal counsel. If the business of the Group or the OPCOs or their subsidiaries is
 significantly affected, the Company will promptly publish the announcement regarding the relevant significant progress and
 its impact.

 The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing control over and
 entitlement to the economic interests in the OPCOs as direct ownership
 The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing the WFOE with control over and entitlement to the economic
 interests in the OPCOs and their subsidiaries.

 If the WFOE had shareholding ownership of the OPCOs and their Subsidiaries, the WFOE would be able to exercise its rights
 as a shareholder to effect changes in the boards of directors of the OPCOs and the Subsidiaries (either directly or indirectly).
 However, under the Structured Contracts, the WFOE does not have shareholding ownership of the OPCOs and their
 Subsidiaries and can only rely on the performance of the OPCOs and the PRC Registered Shareholder(s), the PRC Beneficial
 Owner(s) of the OPCOs, and the Subsidiaries of their contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The PRC Registered
 Shareholder(s), the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of the OPCOs and their Subsidiaries may not act in the best interests of the
 WFOE or may not perform their obligations under the Structured Contracts. The WFOE may replace the PRC Registered
 Shareholder(s) as registered shareholder of the OPCOs by its other nominees pursuant to the Structured Contracts. However,
 if any dispute relating to the Structured Contracts remains unresolved, the WFOE will have to enforce its rights under the
 Structured Contracts and seek to interpret the terms of the Structured Contracts in accordance with the PRC laws and will be
 subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal system.

 The Structured Contracts are governed by the PRC laws. When a dispute arises under any of the Structured Contracts, the
 relevant parties thereto shall settle the dispute through negotiation in an amicable manner. In case the dispute is not resolved,
 the parties to the dispute may have to rely on legal remedies under the PRC laws. The Structured Contracts in respect of
 the WFOE and the OPCOs provide that dispute will be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration
 Commission, Shanghai Sub-commission for arbitration to be conducted in Shanghai. The decision of such arbitration is final
 and binding on the parties to the dispute.

 Since the legal environment in the PRC is different from that in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions, the uncertainties in the
 PRC legal system could limit the ability of the WFOE to enforce the Structured Contracts. There is no assurance that such
 arbitration result will be in favour of the WFOE and/or that there will not be any difficulties in enforcing any arbitral awards
 granted, including specific performance or injunctive relief and claiming damages by the WFOE. As the WFOE may not be
 able to obtain sufficient remedies in a timely manner, its ability to exert effective control over the OPCOs and their subsidiaries
 and the conduct of the businesses of the OPCOs and their subsidiaries could be materially and adversely affected, which
 may disrupt the business of the WFOE and have a material adverse impact on the WFOE’s business, prospects and results of
 operation.

 The insurance of the Company does not cover the risks relating to the enforcement of the Structured Contracts and the
 transactions contemplated thereunder and the Company has no intention to purchase any new insurance in this regard.



44 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




Potential conflicts of interest among the WFOE, the OPCOs and the OPCO
Shareholders may exist
The Group’s control over the OPCOs is based on the contractual arrangement under the Structured Contracts. Therefore,
conflict of interests of the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) will adversely affect the interests of
the Group. Pursuant to the Shareholder Voting Right Agreements, the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial
Owner(s) of each of the OPCOs shall irrevocably authorise the WFOE, persons designated by the WFOE and the Company as
their representative to exercise all of their rights as shareholders of the relevant OPCOs.

Furthermore, Mr. Ke Liming, Pumpkin Films Limited and their respective affiliate(s) entered into a Deed of Non-Competition
Undertaking dated 20 January 2021 in favour of the Group pursuant to which each of them undertook that he/she will not
(other than through the Group or the OPCOs) directly or indirectly operate, engage in, or have an interest in, invest in or
otherwise participate in, through any corporate body, partnership, joint venture or other contractual arrangement (whether
or not acting as a principal or agent for profit or other reasons), any business which is similar to or in competition with or
may be in competition with any business conducted by the OPCOs or associated companies hereof from time to time or any
such business which the OPCOs or its associated companies engage in, invest in or otherwise participate in unless otherwise
provided for in the Deed of Non-Competition Undertaking.

As a result, we have minimised the influence of the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) of the
OPCOs on the business operations of each of the OPCOs.

The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and
additional tax may be imposed
The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed on the
WFOE. The WFOE may face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured Contracts were
not entered into based on arm’s length negotiations.

The operating and financial results of the WFOE may be materially and adversely affected if the tax liabilities of each of the
OPCOs and the WFOE increase significantly or if they are required to pay interest on late payments.

Internal control measures
In order to retain effective control over, and to safeguard, the assets of the OPCOs, the Structured Contracts provide that,
without the prior written consent of the WFOE, the PRC Registered Shareholder(s) and the PRC Beneficial Owner(s) shall not
or shall not procure to at any time sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets, legitimate interests in the
business or revenue of the OPCOs, or allow any encumbrance thereon of any security interest (other than pursuant to the
relevant Equity Pledge Agreements). Under the Management and Operation Agreements, each of the OPCOs will appoint its
directors and senior management as recommended by the WFOE. The WFOE shall regularly and at any time review the books
and records of each of the OPCOs.

During the Year, the OPCOs had, at all times, operated all of its businesses in the ordinary and usual course of business and
shall maintain its asset value and refrain from any action/omission that may adversely affect its operating status and asset
value.




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025            45
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 EMOLUMENT POLICY

 The emolument policy of employees of the Group is set up by the remuneration committee of the Company on the basis of
 their merit, qualifications, experience and competence. The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the remuneration
 committee of the Company, having regard to the Company’s operating results, individual performance and comparable
 market statistics.



 CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

 Please refer to the sub-section headed “Material Acquisition and Disposal” under the section headed “Management
 Discussion and Analysis” of this report for details of the acquisition of 30% equity interest in Beijing Yonghang by the Group
 at a total consideration of RMB825 million, including (i) RMB742.5 million in cash, and (ii) 36,666,667 Consideration Shares
 to be allotted and issued by the Company to Tencent Hong Kong or its designated parties at the price of HK$2.432 per
 Consideration Share, which constituted a non-exempt connected transaction for the Company under the Listing Rules.

 Saved as disclosed above and saved as disclosed in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements which is fully exempted
 from Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Company was not aware of any other related party transactions which constitute
 a connected transaction of the Group, nor are there any connected transactions that need to be disclosed in this report under
 the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing
 Rules.



 CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

 As of the date of this report, the Group conducted the following transactions which constituted non-exempt continuing
 connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules.

 1.   2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement between Beijing Jingxiu and
      Tencent Computer
      On 22 February 2023, Beijing Jingxiu and Tencent Computer entered into a cooperation framework agreement
      (the “2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement”) in relation to the cooperation of games between the
      parties, under which the parties agreed that Beijing Jingxiu and Tencent Group, but excluding (i) China Literature
      Limited, its subsidiaries and its controllable companies through contractual arrangements; and (ii) Tencent Music
      Entertainment Group, its subsidiaries, and its controllable companies through contractual arrangements (the “Tencent
      Representative Companies”) shall cooperate in the field of gaming. The term of the 2023 Game Cooperation
      Framework Agreement is from 22 February 2023 to 31 December 2025.




46 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




The expected annual maximum transaction amounts under the 2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement (i)
for total amount payable by the Group to Tencent Representative Companies for the three financial years ending 31
December 2025 amount to RMB1,000,000,000, RMB1,000,000,000 and RMB1,000,000,000, respectively; and (ii) for
total amount receivable by the Group from Tencent Representative Companies for the three financial years ending
31 December 2025 amount to RMB1,200,000,000 (as revised pursuant to a resolution passed by the independent
shareholders of the Company in the special general meeting convened on 19 December 2023), RMB1,300,000,000 (as
revised pursuant to a resolution passed by the independent shareholders of the Company in the special general meeting
convened on 18 December 2024 (the “2024 SGM”)) and RMB1,300,000,000 (as revised pursuant to a resolution
passed by the independent shareholders of the Company in the 2024 SGM), respectively.

As Tencent Holdings is a shareholder indirectly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company, Tencent
Holdings and its subsidiaries are connected persons of the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the
aforesaid 2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder (including
the annual caps) constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
and are subject to the annual review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholder approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 22 February 2023, 22 November 2023 and
8 November 2024, and circulars of the Company dated 12 June 2023, 4 December 2023 and 29 November 2024.
The aforesaid continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by independent non-executive Directors of the
Company. The independent non-executive Directors confirmed that the aforesaid continuing connected transaction
was entered into (i) in accordance with the pricing principles of the 2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement;
(ii) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (iii) on normal or better commercial terms; and (iv) in
accordance with the 2023 Game Cooperation Framework Agreement, and that the terms are fair and reasonable and
are in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transactions
in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in
respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and
nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction: (i)
has not been approved by the Board; (ii) was not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii) has exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of the
disclosed continuing connected transactions.




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025           47
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 2.   Existing transactions of C4-Games pursuant to the agreement between C4-Games
      and the Tencent Subsidiaries
      On 7 May 2024, Beijing Nuverse Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京朝夕光年信息技術有限公司) and Beijing
      Youyi Technology Co., Ltd.* (北 京 游 逸 科 技 有 限 公司) (collectively, the “C4-Games Vendors”) as the vendors and
      Beijing Jingxiu, a controlled structured entity of the Company, as the purchaser entered into the equity transfer agreement (the
      “C4-Games Equity Transfer Agreement”), pursuant to which the C4-Games Vendors conditionally agreed to sell,
      and Beijing Jingxiu conditionally agreed to acquire, 100% equity of C4-Games at a consideration of RMB318 million (adjusted) (the
      “C4-Games Equity Transfer”). Upon completion of the C4-Games Equity Transfer, C4-Games has become an indirect
      wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and its financial results, assets and liabilities have been consolidated into the
      accounts of the Group.

      Prior to the completion of the C4-Games Equity Transfer, C4-Games entered into an agreement dated 17 October 2021
      (amended and supplemented by the supplemental agreements dated 1 November 2022, 13 December 2022 and 31
      May 2023) (the “Existing Transactions Agreement”) with Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited
      and Shenzhen Tencent Tianyou Technology Company Limited (collectively, the “Tencent Subsidiaries”), which are
      the subsidiaries of Tencent Holdings, a shareholder indirectly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company.
      The term of the Existing Transactions Agreement is from 17 October 2021 to 17 October 2025. Pursuant to the Existing
      Transactions Agreement, the Tencent Subsidiaries shall act as the exclusive agents in the PRC to provide C4-Games with
      distribution, operation and promotion services for the game “Red Alert Online” (《紅警OL》). C4-Games shall authorise
      the Tencent Subsidiaries to act as the exclusive agents in the PRC for the distribution of “Red Alert Online” (《紅警 OL》)
      on platforms operated by Tencent Holdings and other third parties, and the Tencent Subsidiaries will receive revenue
      directly from the end-users of the game on these platforms. The Tencent Subsidiaries shall pay C4-Games a share of
      revenue generated from the distribution and operation of “Red Alert Online” (《紅警OL》) on these platforms, and the
      revenue generated from paid promotions in accordance with the revenue sharing ratio agreed with C4-Games pursuant
      to the Existing Transactions Agreements. The said revenue share will be settled on a monthly basis (the “C4-Games’
      Existing Transactions”).

      Pursuant to the Existing Transactions Agreement, the C4-Games’ Existing Transactions are conducted under fixed
      formula as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 9 July 2024. The Existing Transactions Agreement has
      not fixed transaction amount between the parties. It is expected that the annual revenue share to be received by C4-
      Games will not more than RMB300 million, taking into account the business development plan of “Red Alert Online” (
                                                                                                                      《紅
      警OL》).

      Tencent Holdings is a shareholder indirectly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company. Accordingly,
      Tencent Holdings and its subsidiaries are connected persons of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
      Such transactions shall constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules upon completion of the C4-Games Equity Transfer.

      For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 7 May 2024 and 9 July 2024. The aforesaid
      continuing connected transactions have been reviewed by independent non-executive Directors of the Company. The
      independent non-executive Directors confirmed that the aforesaid continuing connected transaction was entered into
      (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms; and (iii) in accordance
      with the Existing Transactions Agreement, and that the terms are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the
      Company and its Shareholders as a whole.




48 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




      The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transactions
      in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
      Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
      on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in
      respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and
      nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction: (i)
      has not been approved by the Board; (ii) was not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
      agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii) has exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of the
      disclosed continuing connected transactions.

      Saved as disclosed above and in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements which is fully exempted from Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules, the Company was not aware of any other related party transactions which constitute a
      continuing connected transaction of the Group, nor are there any continuing connected transactions that need to
      be disclosed in this report under the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in
      accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Year and as of the date of this report, none of the Directors and their respective associates are considered to have
interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group,
as defined in the Listing Rules.



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige
the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the Year.



CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group has made a charitable donation in the total amount of HK$10 million to the Hong Kong Red Cross during the
Year.




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           49
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




 EVENT AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD

 Issue of HK$2,574 million zero coupon convertible bonds due 2027 under general
 mandate (the “2026 Bonds”)
 On 26 January 2026 (after trading hours), the Company and Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch (the “Sole Lead
 Manager”) entered into a conditional subscription agreement (the “2026 Bonds Subscription Agreement”), under which,
 among other things, the Sole Lead Manager has agreed to subscribe and pay for, or to procure to subscribe and pay for, the
 2026 Bonds to be issued by the Company in an aggregate principal amount of HK$2,574 million, subject to the terms and
 conditions as set out in the 2026 Bonds Subscription Agreement.

 The 2026 Bonds may be converted into conversion shares pursuant to the conditions at an initial conversion price of HK$2.6
 per conversion share (subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2026 Bonds).

 The conversion shares to be allotted and issued upon conversion of the 2026 Bonds shall rank pari passu in all respects with
 the Shares then in issue on the relevant conversion date, and will utilise, based on the initial conversion price, approximately
 989,999,010 Shares under the 2025 General Mandate.

 The aggregate gross proceeds from the issue of the 2026 Bonds were HK$2,574 million. The aggregate net proceeds
 from the issue of the 2026 Bonds, after deduction of fees, commissions and other related expenses, were estimated to be
 approximately HK$2,548 million, representing a net issue price of approximately HK$2.574 per conversion share based on
 the initial conversion price. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the 2026 Bonds in the following manner:
 (i) approximately HK$593 million (approximately 23.27%) for the repayment of the Group’s indebtedness; (ii) approximately
 HK$366 million (approximately 14.36%) for partial consideration for purchase of 30% equity interest in Beijing Yonghang;
 (iii) approximately HK$510 million (approximately 20.02%) for strategic investments and acquisitions to expand the Group’s
 business; (iv) approximately HK$390 million (approximately 15.31%) for operational needs of the Group’s gaming business; and (v)
 approximately HK$689 million (approximately 27.04%) for drama series for streaming platforms.

 The issue of the 2026 Bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$2,574 million was completed on 2 February 2026 and
 the 2026 Bonds have been listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange.

 For further details of the issue of the 2026 Bonds, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 27 January
 2026 and 2 February 2026.

 Save as disclosed above, the Group has no event after the end of the Reporting Period that needs to be brought to the
 attention of the shareholders of the Company.



 FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

 The summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five years is set out on page 196 of this report.




50 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Continued)




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Subject to the applicable laws, every director of the Group’s companies shall be entitled to be indemnified by the relevant
company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him or her in the execution and discharge of
his or her duties or in relation thereto pursuant to such company’s constitutional documents. Such provisions were in force
during the course of the Year and remained in force as of the date of this report.



PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVICE RECOMMENDED

If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or exercising
of any rights (including entitlements to any relief of taxation) in relation to the shares of the Company, they are advised to
consult their professional advisers.



AUDITORS

The consolidated financial statements for the Year were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). A resolution will be
submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the Company.

Approved by the Board on 31 March 2026
For and on behalf of the Board




Ke Liming
Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           51
 PROFILE OF DIRECTORS



 The biographical details of Directors as at 31 March 2026, being the date of this report, are set out below:



 EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

 Mr. Ke Liming (“Mr. Ke”), aged 42, was appointed as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board in August 2021.
 Currently, he is also the chief executive officer of Shanghai Ruyi Film and Television Production Co., Ltd.* (上海儒意影視製
 作有限 公 司 ) and the chief executive officer of Pumpkin Films Limited, and previously served as a senior analyst at a hedge
 fund management company. He graduated from Griffith University, Australia, with a bachelor’s degree in risk management in
 2005 and a master’s degree in monetary banking in 2006. Mr. Ke has led and invested as the investor and producer in films
 including “One and only《熱烈》       ”,“Johnny Keep Walking《年會不能停》              ”, “Post Truth《保你平安》      ”, “Five Hundred Miles《交
 換人生》     ”, “Moon Man《獨行月球》           ”, “Hi, Mom《你好李煥英》          ”, “A Little Red Flower《送你一朵小紅花》            ”, “Animal World《動
 物世界》     ”, “City of Rock《縫紉機樂隊》          ”, “Never Gone《致青春 • 原來你還在這裏》                  ”, “So Young《致我們終將逝去的青春》               ,
 “Old Boys: The Way of the Dragon《老 男 孩 猛 龍 過 江》            ”, as well as television shows including “Love Is Full of Jiudaowan《情
 滿九道彎》”, “Doctor of Traditional Chinese Medicine《老中醫》”, “The Legendary Tavern《老酒館》”, “Frontier of Love《愛
 情的邊疆》”, “All Quiet in Peking《北 平 無 戰 事》              ”, “Nirvana in Fire《瑯琊榜》”, “Legend of MiYue《羋月傳》” and “We Fall
 in Love《咱 們 相 愛 吧》      ”.

 Mr. Zhang Qiang (“Mr. Zhang”), aged 61, was appointed as an executive Director in December 2021. Mr. Zhang is a
 renowned producer in the film and television field and is currently the Chief Content Officer (首席內容官) of the Group’s
 Pumpkin Films (南 瓜 電 影 ). Mr. Zhang graduated from Peking University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Chinese Literature
 and later received a master’s degree in film aesthetics from The Beijing Film Academy. He was previously the chairman of the
 board and general manager of Beijing Forbidden City Xindu TV Media Co., Ltd.* (北京紫禁城信都電視文化有限公司),
 the Deputy Editor-in-Chief ( 副 總 編 輯 ) of Beijing Television, the deputy managing director ( 董事副總經理) of China Film
 Co., Ltd.* (中國電影股份有限公司), the executive director and chief executive officer of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the
 shares of which listed on the Stock Exchange; stock code: 1060), with over 27 years of experience in the film and television
 media industry in China. Mr. Zhang’s representative masterpieces include “American Dreams in China《中國合夥人》”, “So
 Young《致 我 們 終 將 逝去 的 青 春》          ” and “Wolf Totem《狼圖騰》”.



 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

 Mr. Yang Ming (“Mr. Yang”), aged 43, was appointed as a non-executive Director in June 2023. Mr. Yang joined Tencent
 Holdings in July 2006 and has been in charge of a number of Tencent’s key businesses. He has led the game of “League of
 Legends” growing rapidly from a nascent game to a nationwide electronic sports game, and has led the team of “Dungeons
 & Warriors” game to win several major business breakthrough awards. Currently, Mr. Yang is the person in charge of the
 domestic distribution line at Tencent Interactive Entertainment Group. Mr. Yang obtained a master’s degree in management
 from Wuhan University.




52 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                               PROFILE OF DIRECTORS (Continued)




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (“Mr. Chau”), aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in October
2015. Mr. Chau has over 30 years of experience in corporate finance and was formerly a partner of one of the big four
accounting firms. Mr. Chau was a key member who found their corporate finance division and held the position as their
Head of Merger and Acquisition and Corporate Advisory.

Mr. Chau is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (“ICAEW”), and was granted
the Corporate Finance Qualification of ICAEW. Mr. Chau is also a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and was a committee member of the Disciplinary Panel of HKICPA. Mr. Chau is a Senior Fellow and
a director of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute, a member of the Corporate Committee and the Ex-Chairman
of China and Corporate Committee. Mr. Chau is a member of Hong Kong Metropolitan University Foundation Advisory
Committee.

Mr. Chau is a member of Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital (“PYNEH”) Fund Raising Committee, Charitable Trust
and also an ex-member of the Hospital Governing Committee.

Mr. Chau is currently an independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee of OSL Group Limited (Stock
Code: 863), the Company (Stock Code: 136), Productive Technologies Company Limited (Stock Code: 650), Lee & Man Paper
Manufacturing Limited (Stock Code: 2314) and Man Wah Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1999). Mr. Chau previously served
as an independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee of China Evergrande New Energy Vehicle Group
Limited (Stock Code: 708) and China Evergrande Group (In Liquidation) (Stock Code: 3333). All the aforesaid companies are
listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Nie Zhixin (“Mr. Nie”), aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in October 2015. Mr. Nie is
the standing vice president of the Henan Chamber of Commerce in the Guangdong province, vice president of the Tianhe
Road Chamber of Commerce in Guangzhou, vice president of the Chain-operations Management Association in Guangzhou
and general manager of Gladith Fashion Co., Ltd.* in Guangzhou. In 1990, Mr. Nie established the “GLADITH • 葛來娣 ”
fashion brand in Guangzhou which has now become one of the well-known women’s fashion brands in the PRC.

Mr. Chen Haiquan (“Mr. Chen”), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in October 2015.
Mr. Chen is a doctorate holder from the Chuo University, Japan, a professor and doctoral supervisor at the Jinan University.
He also serves as the president of the Guangdong Logistics and Supply Chain Association, dean of the Asia-Pacific E-commerce
Institute, dean of the Guangdong Research Institute of Modern Logistics, vice president of the Guangdong E-commerce
Standardized Technology Committee, member of the E-Commerce Advisory Committee of the Department of Commerce
of Guangdong Province and member of the Advisory Committee of Guangzhou Municipality for Building an International
Consumption Center City. Mr. Chen previously served as an independent director of Guangzhou Jiacheng International
Logistics Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock Exchange Limited, stock code: 603535). Mr. Chen graduated
from the graduate school of Daito Bunka University, Japan and the graduate school of Chuo University, Japan and obtained
a master’s degree in economics and a doctorate in comprehensive policy, respectively. He is currently the independent non-
executive Director of the Company, external director of Guangzhou Lingnan Business Travel Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (廣
州 嶺 南 商 旅 投資 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) and independent director of Canton Tower Cultural Tourism Development Co. Ltd.* (廣州
塔 旅 遊 文 化 發展 股 份 有 限 公 司 ).




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          53
 PROFILE OF DIRECTORS (Continued)




 Professor Shi Zhuomin (“Professor Shi”), aged 55, was appointed an independent non-executive Director in September
 2016. Professor Shi has obtained a doctoral degree in management from Sun Yat-sen University and a postdoctoral degree
 from Hitotsubashi University in Japan and is a visiting scholar under the China-US Fulbright Program. Professor Shi studied at
 and visited The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Harvard Business School and the University of Missouri and visited various
 countries and regions including the United States, Japan, Germany, Brazil and Hong Kong for academic exchange. She also
 held lectures on “Marketing Practice in China” and “Chinese Luxury Consumption” for students from Europe, the United
 States and Japan studying in China and held lectures on “Understanding Chinese Consumers” at certain universities in the
 United States. Professor Shi currently focuses on the research of consumption behaviour and psychology, cross-cultural
 consumption behaviour comparison research and international marketing. Professor Shi is currently a professor and doctoral
 supervisor in the management school at Sun Yat-sen University. She is also a council member of China Marketing Association
 of University, a provincial investigation and consulting expert of Guangdong Province and an external academic advisor of the
 MScMIB program of Lingnan University in Hong Kong.




 * For identification only




54 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board considers that good corporate governance practices are crucial to the smooth and effective operation of the
Group and the safeguarding of the interests of the shareholders and other stakeholders of the Company. The Company
has put in place internal policies to ensure the compliance and has adopted and complied with the code provisions set out
in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the year ended 31
December 2025 except for the following deviations from the Code:

•    Code provision C.2.1 stipulated that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should
     not be performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has no such title
     as chief executive officer. The overall responsibility of supervising and ensuring that the Group functions in line with
     the order of the Board in terms of day-to-day operation and execution is vested in the Board itself. The Board believes
     that the current structure is conducive to strong and consistent leadership and oversight enabling the Group to operate
     efficiently; and

•    Code provision B.3.5 (which takes effect on 1 July 2025) stipulated that every listed issuer must appoint at least one
     director of a different gender to the nomination committee. During the year ended 31 December 2025 and as at
     the date of this report, the composition of the Nomination Committee of the Company comprises only one gender.
     The Board is in the process of identifying suitable candidate(s) to fill and join the Nomination Committee as soon as
     practicable and the Company will make further announcement(s) as and when appropriate. Nevertheless, the Board
     already includes one female director, demonstrating our commitment to gender diversity.

To ensure compliance with anti-corruption policies and regulations, the Company has formulated an anti-corruption and
whistle-blowing policy to regulate conduct of employees and external parties. Anti-bribery provisions are incorporated in the
contracts between the Company and its customers and suppliers. The Company provides regular training in anti-corruption
and anti-fraud policies to all Directors and employees to promote and support compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations. The Company has also established whistleblowing channels for employees to report possible misconduct or file
complaints in a confidential manner.



BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board determines the overall strategies of the Group, monitors and controls operating and financial performance,
analyses and formulates strategies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board also decides on
matters such as annual and interim results, dividend policy, director appointments, and significant changes in accounting
policy, material contracts and major investments. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility of overseeing the
Group’s day-to-day operations to management executives.

Composition of the Board
During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Board comprises the following executive Directors, non-executive
Director and independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          55
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Ke Liming (Chairman)
 Mr. Zhang Qiang

 Non-executive Director:
 Mr. Yang Ming

 Independent Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
 Mr. Chen Haiquan
 Professor Shi Zhuomin

 Biographical details of current members of the Board are set out on page 52 to page 54 of this report.

 During the Year, the Company has at all times met the requirements of Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules relating to the
 appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, and at least one independent non-executive Director
 possesses appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.

 Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period of three years. Each of the
 non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company
 for a term of three years. The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company. In
 accordance with the Bye-laws, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being
 or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from
 office by rotation, provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at
 least once every three years.

 The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or her
 independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied with the independence of the independent
 non-executive Directors.

 None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant
 relationship) with any other Director and chief executive.

 Board Diversity
 The Board has established a set of board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board with the
 aims of enhancing Board effectiveness and corporate governance as well as achieving the Group’s business objectives and
 sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender,
 age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, required expertise, skills, knowledge and length
 of service. The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy at least annually.

 As the Board comprised one female member as at the date of this report, the Board considers its diversity of gender is
 appropriate and no additional measurable objective is necessary in this respect. Also, the current Board consists of a diverse
 mix of Board members who match the requirement of the business of the Company.




56 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




To develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity, the Board has adopted and
implemented structured recruitment, selection and training programmes at various level within the Group for the purpose of
developing a pool of skill and experienced potential Board members and enhancing gender diversity.

As of 31 December 2025, the proportion of female members among all employees of the Company was 41%. The Group is
committed to maintain among all employees.

Roles and Duties
The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business performance
of the Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing and approving the financial
statements of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority delegated to the management in relation to
the administration and management of the Group.

The Board has the following duties and responsibilities in respect of the corporate governance functions of the Company:

(a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

(c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      Directors; and

(e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report in the annual
      report of the Company.

During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Board has performed the corporate governance duties.

The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board meets regularly to discuss
and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of the Group. Directors may participate
in the meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means of electronic communications. 10 Board meetings were convened by
the Company during the Year.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and advice from the
company secretary and senior management. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Company has set up the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”) and nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) (as detailed in the following section) in respect
of the Board.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025            57
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 The Company has in place internal policies (including but not limited to the Bye-Laws, and Terms of Reference of the
 Remuneration and Nomination Committee) to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and opinions. The
 Company also engaged external experts to assist the Directors to perform their duties. The Company has reviewed the
 implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms on an annual basis and believes that the aforesaid mechanisms can
 ensure the independent views and opinions of the Board.

 The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, the meetings of the three committees and general meetings
 held during the Year is set out below:

                                                                No. of meetings attended/held
                                                 Board           Audit  Remuneration Nomination                   General
                                                Meeting      Committee      Committee    Committee                Meeting


 Executive Directors
 Mr. Ke Liming                                     10/10             N/A                  0               0             2/2
 Mr. Zhang Qiang                                   10/10             N/A                N/A             N/A             2/2

 Non-executive Director
 Mr. Yang Ming                                     10/10             N/A                N/A             N/A             2/2

 Independent non-executive Directors
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                         10/10             2/2                  0             N/A             2/2
 Mr. Nie Zhixin                                    10/10             2/2                  0               0             2/2
 Mr. Chen Haiquan                                  10/10             2/2                N/A               0             2/2
 Professor Shi Zhuomin                             10/10             N/A                N/A             N/A             2/2


 Apart from the Board meetings stated above, the Chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-
 executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the Year.

 Directors’ Training
 All Directors have complied with the Code provisions in relation to continuous professional development. This has involved
 various forms of activities including attending presentations given by external professional parties in respect of the new
 regime on disclosure, reading materials relevant to corporate governance and other regulatory requirements.

 The Company has an induction policy for every new member of the Board. On appointment, the new member will receive
 an induction which includes meetings with members of the Board introducing the Group’s business segments in which the
 Group operates, the roles and responsibilities as a Director and the requirements under the Listing Rules in respect of the
 Code provisions in relation to continuous professional development.




58 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




The Company regularly updates Directors on the developments in respect of the Listing Rules and applicable regulatory
requirements, to enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices. During the Year, all of the Directors have
attended training sessions with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance
as follows:

                                                                                                                    Attending
                                                                                                                    seminars/
                                                                                                  Reading             training
                                                                                                 relevant            sessions/
                                                                                                 materials           briefings


Executive Directors                                                                                                        
Mr. Ke Liming                                                                                                              
Mr. Zhang Qiang                                                                                                            

Non-executive Director
Mr. Yang Ming                                                                                                              

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                                                                                                  
Mr. Nie Zhixin                                                                                                             
Mr. Chen Haiquan                                                                                                           
Professor Shi Zhuomin                                                                                                      


Directors’ Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors.



AUDIT COMMITTEE

As at 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee comprised three members, namely, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, chairman
of the Audit Committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan all being independent non-executive Directors. The Audit
Committee adopted the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in code provision D.3.3
of the Code. The Audit Committee is principally responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit
function, reviewing and supervising the Group’s financial reporting process, reviewing annually the risk management and
internal control system and providing advice and recommendations to the Board.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.

During the Year, two meetings have been held by the Audit Committee to approve the audited financial statements for the
Year and to review interim financial statements (including accounting policies and practices adopted) of the Group for the
Year, and recommended such financial statements to the Board for approval. The record of attendance of members at such
meetings is set out on page 58 of this report.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           59
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 The Audit Committee also met to review the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, the financial
 statements and other reports for the Year and discuss any significant audit matters with the Company’s external auditor and
 the senior management before recommending them to the Board for consideration and approval. The Audit Committee
 recommended the Board in relation to the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s external auditor for
 the financial year ending 31 December 2026 at the AGM.



 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

 The majority of the members of the Remuneration Committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December
 2025, the members of the Remuneration Committee included Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, the chairman of the Remuneration
 Committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Ke Liming. The Remuneration Committee adopted the written terms of reference which
 were basically the same as those set forth in code provision E.1.2 of the Code. The Remuneration Committee is principally
 responsible for assessing performance of executive Directors, approving executive Directors’ service contracts, reviewing and
 determining, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration policy and packages of the individual executive Directors and
 senior management. This includes benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation
 payable for loss on termination of their office or appointment. No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

 During the Year, the Remuneration Committee had discussed and reviewed the remuneration packages for all Directors
 and senior management, including but not limited to review of the 2013 Share Option Scheme and the 2023 Share Option
 Scheme.



 NOMINATION COMMITTEE

 The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December
 2025, the members of the Nomination Committee included Mr. Ke Liming, the chairman of the Nomination Committee,
 Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan. The Nomination Committee’s terms of reference are basically the same as those set
 forth in code provision B.3.1 of the Code.

 The Nomination Committee is principally responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, and
 selecting and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and senior management.

 The nomination policy of Directors sets as one of its objectives to ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
 diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business. For a summary of the Company’s Board
 diversity policy, please refer to the relevant paragraph in the “Board Diversity” section of this Corporate Governance Report.

 Pursuant to these policies, in assessing and selecting candidates, the Nomination Committee considers various factors
 when identifies or selects candidates, such as integrity, age, gender, skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, professional
 and educational qualifications, background, the Board’s composition and diversity, availability of service to the Company,
 expected contribution, independence, conflicts of interest, and any other relevant factors. The Company has provided the
 Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties. Where necessary, the Nomination Committee may seek
 independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities.




60 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




During the Year, the Nomination Committee had reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board and the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors.



COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy is the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”). He has complied with
the 15 hours training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules during the Year.



SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS AND RELEVANT EMPLOYEES

The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the Directors and
any employee or a director or employee of a subsidiary or holding company of the Company who, because of such office or
employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its securities (“Relevant Employees”). The
Company, having made detailed and cautious enquiries, confirmed that all Directors and Relevant Employees have abided by
the Model Code for the Year.



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in
accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are responsible for ensuring the maintenance of proper accounting records of the Company and taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The reporting responsibilities of the
external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 69 to page 73 of the
annual report.



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Duties of the Board and the Management
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility to review the
effectiveness of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that
the Group is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the establishment and maintenance by the
management of appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The management is responsible for
designing and maintaining an effective risk management and internal control system as well as providing confirmations to the
Board on the effectiveness of the system.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          61
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 Risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
 business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material misstatements
 or losses.

 Risk Management
 •    Enhancement in risk management system and structure
      Based on the latest group organizational structure and the work completed in the prior year, the Group has continued
      to improve the risk management system structure at the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing
      risk monitoring activities for various departments by way of the following:

           Refined and reiterated the risk management organizational structure — An organizational structure with
            the Board as the decision-maker and the leading groups and management of various business segments of the
            Group as the implementation unit has been established to divide risk management responsibilities and clarify the
            direct management responsibilities for risk management and the risk information reporting line. Among which,
            the Board and the Audit Committee supervise, identify and evaluate company-level risks from top to bottom,
            while the Group and the management of various departments identify, manage and report risks from the bottom
            up.

            The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

            Roles                 Primary Duties


            Board                 •     Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of acceptance to ensure the
                                        achievement of strategic objectives
                                  •     Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk management and
                                        internal control system
                                  •     Supervise management for the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk
                                        management and internal control system

            Audit Committee       •     To oversee, on behalf of the Board, the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit
                                        function and the risk management and internal control system

            Senior management •         Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the Group, report on
              of the Group              risk management to the Audit Committee on a regular basis, and report and disclose
                                        significant risk information to the Audit Committee
                                  •     Provide the Audit Committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness of the risk
                                        management system

            Management at the     •     Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and carry out risk
             headquarters of            identification and evaluation and other related work
             the Group and        •     Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant activities
             management           •     Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management measures
             of various           •     Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely report to the risk
             departments                management coordinator and risk management leadership on risk information
                                  •     Conduct other relevant work on risk management




62 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




   Updated the risk assessment criteria — During the Year, in response to the changes in internal and external
    environment, taking into account the business nature, operation characteristics and strategic objectives of the
    Group and each segment and the risk appetite of the management, the Group updated the risk assessment
    standards applicable to each business segment including the consideration of qualitative and quantitative
    dimensions (strategy, finance, operations, compliance and legal regulations, market etc.), took into account
    the risk related to environment, social and governance when updating the assessment checklist and carried out
    the assessment on the risks that are most likely to affect the achievement of the corporate objectives by using
    commonly recognized assessment methods and assessment criteria.

   Refined and standardized the risk management workflow — Based on the business operations, the Group
    continuously monitors and manages risks through the risk management workflow covering major steps including
    identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to figure 1 “Risk management
    workflow” below for details). The main elements include, for the purposes of business objectives of the Group
    and various business segments, identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of business objectives,
    assessing the likelihood and potential impacts of each specific risk; adopting measures to deal with the risks
    identified; and continuously monitoring the changes in risks and timely adjusting countermeasures. During the
    Year, the Group reviewed, adjusted and improved the risk management workflow, improving the efficiency and
    standardization of its operation.




                                           Reporting

                                                              Identification


                                                 Risk
                                              management
                              Monitoring       workflow

                                                                Assessment


                                             Response


                                   Figure 1: Risk management workflow

   Refined and reiterated the risk management review frequency — The frequency of risk management
    assessment and reporting of the Group was reiterated (to be at least once a year).




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025      63
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 •   Risk assessment work of the Group for 2025
     In addition to the aforesaid risk management framework at the group level, the Group continued its maintenance of
     the risk management system in 2025, details of which include the following:

     •    Advance the implementation of material risk assessment results of the Group for the prior
          year
          During the Year, the management of the Group followed up on the implementation of the measures in respect
          of the areas for improvement in management and control identified in the risk assessment for the prior year,
          establishing a continuous management and control cycle model of “Risk identification — Implementation of
          risk management and control — review and tracking — Continuous optimization” in order to ensure that the
          material risk management gaps have been effectively improved and to continuously improve the Group’s ability
          to prevent and cope with risks (for details, please refer to Figure 2: Risk assessment, management and control
          model below).




                                                     Risk
                                                 identification
                                                                              Implementation
                                                                                   of risk
                                                                                    counter-
                                                                                     measures



                                          Continuous
                                           optimization
                                             of risk                             Review
                                              management                    effectiveness of
                                                and control            the implementation
                                                                       of risk response
                                                                       measures



                                      Figure 2: Risk assessment, management and control model

     •    Conduct a comprehensive review of risk management system of the Group for the year of
          2025
          The management of the Group updated the risk assessment standards and the risk database based on the
          changes in the external market environment and the internal operating environment, the progress of business
          and risk appetite. In addition, it adopted a systematic risk assessment method to review the changes in the nature
          and degree of the material risks that its business segments face, identified the material risks faced by its business
          segments, analyzed the status of risk management and control and countermeasures to be adopted and key risk
          management strategies, and reported the risk assessment results to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee
          reviewed and assessed the changes in the nature and degree of material risks on behalf of the Board, and
          completed the review of the risk management systems and considered these systems effective and sufficient.




64 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




Internal Control
1.   Enhancement of the internal control framework
     The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal control framework of the
     Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (please refer to figure 3: COSO Internal
     Control and Management Framework below). The Group’s internal control system consists of five interdependent
     elements, which coordinate and operate to ensure the effectiveness of internal control functions of the Group. The five
     elements are: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
     activities.

                                                                 al             g                             nc
                                                                                                                             e
                                                              ion            tin                        lia
                                                          rat            por            p
                                                       pe             Re            Com
                                                     O




                                                                                                                                 Operating unit
                                                                                                         Area of operation
                                                                                                                                                  Functions
                                                 Control environment




                                                                                        Company level
                                                    Risk assessment

                                                   Control activities
                                                   Information and
                                                    communication
                                                  Monitoring activities


                                  Figure 3: COSO Internal Control and Management Framework

     The internal control system of the Group, as an integral part of its risk management, is established based on the risks
     faced by the Group. The management at the headquarters of the Group, its business segments and departments has
     designed and implemented a series of policies and procedures in view of the process relating to finance, operation and
     compliance, and monitors the implementation of these policies and procedures and their effectiveness.

2.   Internal Audit
     The Group has in place internal audit functions. In the future, the internal audit of the Group will continue to adopt a
     risk-based internal audit approach to ensure that significant matters of concern and risks are considered in the scope of
     the audit.



REVIEW OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

During the Year, the Group, through the Audit Committee, conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management and
internal control systems of the Group for the financial year of 2025, which mainly involved the continuous advancement of
risk assessment and the major assessment of the results of the internal control review for the prior year as well as the risk
assessment and internal control review for key business process for the Year that covered the Group and its major business
segments. All important aspects of control, including financial, operation and compliance areas, were reviewed, and the
nature and severity change of major risks as well as the Group’s ability to cope with the changes in its business and external
environment, were reviewed, and these systems were considered effective and adequate.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on accounting, internal
audit and financial reporting functions as well as its staff training programs and budget and is satisfied with the results.




                                                                                                                                                              CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025    65
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 ANTI-CORRUPTION SYSTEM

 The Group has set up a whistleblowing letterbox. The Audit Committee is responsible for following up and investigating
 alleged fraud incidents and assisting the Group in promoting a culture of integrity. When working with business partners, the
 Group requires them to sign the “Sunshine Integrity and Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement for Business Partners”, which
 sets out clear anti-corruption requirements and establishes the basis of integrity and probity for cooperation.



 FRAMEWORK FOR DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

 The Company has put in place a framework for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance with the SFO.
 The framework sets out the procedures and internal controls, including but not limited to establishing controls for monitoring
 business and corporate developments and events so that any potential inside information is promptly identified and escalated,
 restricting access to inside information to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis, and ensuring employees
 who are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality, for the
 handling and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all shareholders and stakeholders of the
 Group to assess the latest position of the Group.



 AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

 For the Year, the emolument to the external auditor of the Company for the annual audit of financial statements amounted
 to approximately RMB5,900,000.

 For the Year, the emolument of the external auditor of the Company for providing non-audit services amounted to
 approximately RMB632,000, for providing tax compliance and convertible bond services.



 AMENDMENTS TO THE COMPANY’S CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

 There was no change in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Year.



 SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

 Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up share capital of the
 Company carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all
 times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require a special general meeting
 (“SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be
 held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene a SGM must deposit
 a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place of business
 of the Company in Hong Kong at Room 3701, 37/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, for the
 attention of the Company Secretary. If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene
 such SGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of section 74(3)
 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.




66 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




RIGHT TO NOMINATE DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION AT GENERAL MEETINGS

Shareholder who wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director must deposit
a written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at Room 3701, 37/F, Lee
Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, or the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor
Investor Services Limited (the “Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar”), at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name of the Shareholder(s) and
his/her/their shareholding, the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person’s biographical
details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the Shareholder concerned (not the person to be
nominated). The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be elected on
his/her willingness to be elected as a Director. The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence on the day after the
dispatch of the notice of the general meeting held for the election of Directors and end no later than seven (7) days prior to
the date of such general meeting.

The Notice will be verified by the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and upon their confirmation that the request is proper
and in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the nomination committee of the Company
and the Board to consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such person to be
elected as a Director.

The right and procedures to convene a general meeting and to demand a poll on resolutions at general meetings by
Shareholders are set out in the Company’s amended and restated Bye-laws headed “General Meetings”, “Notice of General
Meetings”, “Proceedings At General Meetings” and “Voting”.



DISCLAIMERS

The contents of the sections headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General
Meetings” in this report are for reference only and in compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and
shall not be regarded as legal or other professional advice to the Shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent
legal or other professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims any liability for all
liabilities and losses incurred by the Shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the sections headed “Shareholders’ Rights”
and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings”.




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025            67
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Continued)




 INVESTOR RELATIONS

 The Company emphasises communication with investors so as to enhance the transparency of the Company, and stresses
 the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of investors. The Company releases information and
 responded to questions from the media through press conferences and the Company’s website, and communicates with the
 media on a regular basis.

 Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:

 By telephone: (86) 010-5789-2935#8305/(852) 2153-1136
 By post: Room 3701, 37/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

 The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Group’s communication policy including steps taken at
 the annual general meeting and the handling of queries received (if any) which were conducted during the year ended 31
 December 2025, and considered the Group’s communication policy effective and adequate.




68 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of China Ruyi Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



OPINION

What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of China Ruyi Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”),
which are set out on pages 74 to 195, comprise:

•     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025;

•     the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
      explanatory information.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



                                                                                       PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                       22/F Prince’s Building, Central
                                                                                       Hong Kong SAR, China
    www.pwchk.com                                                                      T: +852 2289 8888, F: +852 2810 9888


                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025           69
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




 Independence
 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
 as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
 in accordance with the Code.



 THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

 The key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
 consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
 consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
 on the matter.

 The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to impairment assessment of goodwill and operating licenses with
 indefinite useful life.

 The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


 Impairment assessment of goodwill and operating                      Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment of
 licenses with indefinite useful life from acquisition                goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life
 of Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited ( “Virtual                   included:
 Cinema”)
                                                                      •     We obtained an understanding of management’s
 Refer to Notes 4(a) and 8 to the consolidated financial                    internal control and process over the impairment
 statements.                                                                assessment of goodwill and operating licenses with
                                                                            indefinitely useful life and assessed the inherent risk
 As at 31 December 2025, there was goodwill and operating                   of material misstatement by considering the degree of
 licenses with indefinite useful life with carrying amount of               estimation uncertainty, complexity and subjectivity;
 approximately RMB4,214,619,000 and RMB674,557,000
 respectively, arisen from the acquisition of Virtual Cinema          •     We assessed the model used and challenged the
 in the previous year, which in aggregate represented                       reasonableness of key assumptions used in the
 approximately 16% of the total assets of the Group.                        impairment assessment of goodwill and operating
                                                                            licenses with indefinite useful life with the involvement
 Management performed impairment test of goodwill and                       of our internal valuation expert, such as the revenue
 operating licenses with indefinite useful life by comparing                growth rate, gross profit margin, pre-tax discount
 their carrying amounts to the recoverable amounts of                       rate and terminal growth rate, by comparing these
 relevant cash generating units (“CGUs”).                                   assumptions against historical performance, relevant
                                                                            market data and industry research;
 Management determined the recoverable amounts of the
 CGUs based on value in use (“VIU”), which is the present
 value of the future cash flows expected to be derived
 from the CGUs. Based on the assessments, management
 considered no impairment is necessary in respect of the
 goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life as
 at 31 December 2025.



70 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




The Key Audit Matter (Continued)                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter (Continued)


We focused on this area due to the magnitude of the               •     We evaluated management’s sensitivity analysis over
carrying amounts of goodwill and operating licenses with                the revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate, gross
indefinite useful life and the fact that significant judgements         profit margin and pre-tax discount rate as adopted
and estimates were required by management as the VIU of                 in the impairment test so as to assess the potential
the related CGUs is determined based on assumptions used                implication on the results of the impairment test for
in the cash flow forecast. The key assumptions adopted by               changes of assumptions within a reasonable range;
management include the revenue growth rate, terminal                    and
growth rate, gross profit margin and pre-tax discount rate.
                                                                  •     We assessed the adequacy of related disclosures in the
                                                                        consolidated financial statements.

                                                                  Based on the work performed, we considered that the key
                                                                  assumptions and estimates adopted by management in the
                                                                  impairment assessment on goodwill and operating licenses
                                                                  with indefinite useful life were supportable by available
                                                                  evidence.



OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025           71
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




 RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
 and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
 the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
 preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
 as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
 accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
 to do so.

 The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



 AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
 from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
 report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and
 for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
 this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
 with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
 are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
 decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

 As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
 throughout the audit. We also:

 •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

 •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
       internal control.

 •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors.




72 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Continued)




•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
      of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
      the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matter communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine the matter that was of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe the
matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is YAU, Lai Ting, Cecilia (practising
certificate number: P05271).




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025           73
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                                             31 December    31 December
                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                     Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000


 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                         6          80,350         92,177
 Right-of-use assets                                                   7          56,467         63,613
 Goodwill                                                              8       4,443,665      4,443,665
 Film and television programmes rights                                15       1,353,174      1,939,333
 Other intangible assets                                               8         743,097        715,570
 Deferred tax assets                                                  23          95,917         40,424
 Investments accounted for using equity method                         9       1,712,143         33,799
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                17       4,277,999      3,117,420
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    12             513            516
 Prepayments and other non-financial assets                           13          40,384        195,773
 Deposits                                                             14           5,457          6,106


                                                                              12,809,166     10,648,396


 Current assets
 Film and television programmes rights                                15       2,251,005      1,809,113
 Inventories                                                          10           3,039          2,874
 Prepayments and other non-financial assets                           13         440,939        276,891
 Other receivables and deposits                                       14       1,398,223      1,611,573
 Trade and bills receivables                                          16       2,517,984      2,956,914
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                17       3,596,181        871,310
 Term deposits                                                        18         957,718             —
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            18       6,286,066      3,493,642


                                                                              17,451,155     11,022,317


 Total assets                                                                 30,260,321     21,670,713


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
 Share capital                                                        19         318,541        273,444
 Share premium                                                        19      22,673,729     17,069,660
 Other reserves                                                       20         127,663         49,736
 Retain earnings/(accumulated losses)                                            749,011     (1,047,625)


                                                                              23,868,944     16,345,215

 Non-controlling interests                                                       (23,221)       (12,608)


 Total equity                                                                 23,845,723     16,332,607




74 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)




                                                                                             31 December     31 December
                                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                              Notes              RMB’000         RMB’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                      22                 69,398           479,821
Lease liabilities                                                               7                  27,628            37,311
Deferred tax liabilities                                                        23                436,668           459,022
Contingent consideration payable                                              9(b)(ii)             17,000                —
Convertible bonds                                                               27              1,841,893                —


                                                                                                2,392,587           976,154


Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                           5(f)                18,563          18,232
Borrowings                                                                     22                 663,563       1,221,043
Trade payables                                                                 24                 530,859         835,888
Film and television programmes investment funds from investors                 25                 673,136         743,375
Other payables and accruals                                                    26               1,460,522         832,924
Current income tax liabilities                                                                    571,217         682,124
Lease liabilities                                                               7                  23,522          28,366
Convertible bonds                                                               27                 80,629              —


                                                                                                4,022,011       4,361,952


Total liabilities                                                                               6,414,598       5,338,106


Total equity and liabilities                                                                   30,260,321      21,670,713


The consolidated financial statements on 74 to 195 were approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2026 and were
signed on its behalf.




                         Ke Liming                                                       Zhang Qiang
                          Director                                                         Director




The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025       75
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


 Revenue                                                                        5       3,342,975     3,670,760
 Cost of revenue                                                               28      (2,159,234)   (1,760,345)


 Gross profit                                                                          1,183,741     1,910,415

 Selling and marketing costs                                                   28       (363,980)      (161,738)
 Administrative expenses                                                       28       (302,859)      (328,608)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                                    3.1(d)    (155,483)      (144,525)
 Other income                                                                  30         15,007         11,693
 Other gain/(loss) — net                                                       31      1,281,717     (1,222,041)


 Operating profit                                                                      1,658,143        65,196

 Finance cost                                                                  32       (141,965)     (103,574)
 Finance income                                                                32        214,925       110,244


 Finance income — net                                                          32         72,960         6,670

 Share of profit/(loss) of associates accounted for using the equity method     9        201,249           (215)


 Profit before income tax                                                              1,932,352        71,651

 Income tax expenses                                                           33       (146,329)     (278,227)


 Profit/(Loss) for the year, net of tax                                                1,786,023      (206,576)


 Other comprehensive loss
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
    Changes at fair value through other comprehensive income/(loss)                           10            (7)
    Currency translation difference                                                      242,578        48,056

 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
    Currency translation difference                                                     (410,893)       (73,247)


 Other comprehensive losses for the year, net of tax                                    (168,305)       (25,198)


 Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                        1,617,718      (231,774)




76 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)




                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                            Notes            RMB’000           RMB’000


Profit/(loss) attributable to:
  — Equity holders of the Company                                                           1,796,636          (190,533)
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                 (10,613)           (16,043)


                                                                                            1,786,023          (206,576)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  — Equity holders of the Company                                                           1,628,331          (215,731)
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                 (10,613)           (16,043)


                                                                                            1,617,718          (231,774)


Earning/(loss) per share for profit/(loss) attributable to
  the equity holders of the Company for the years:
  (expressed in RMB cents per share)
  — Basic earning/(loss) per share                                            34                11.42              (1.57)


  — Diluted earning/(loss) per share                                          34                11.42              (1.57)




The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.


                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       77
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                     Attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                        Non-
                                            Share           Share         Other     Accumulated                    controlling        Total
                                           capital       premium        reserves           losses         Total      interests       equity
                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                         (Note 19)      (Note 19)     (Note 20)


 Balance at 1 January 2024                222,761     11,664,209          7,662         (857,092)    11,037,540        (1,556)   11,035,984


 Comprehensive income
 Loss for the year                             —               —             —          (190,533)      (190,533)     (16,043)      (206,576)


 Other comprehensive loss
 Changes in the fair value of debt
   instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                  —               —              (7)             —              (7)           —             (7)
 Currency translation difference               —               —        (25,191)              —         (25,191)           —        (25,191)


 Total other comprehensive loss                —               —        (25,198)              —         (25,198)           —        (25,198)


 Total comprehensive loss                      —               —        (25,198)        (190,533)      (215,731)     (16,043)      (231,774)


 Transactions with equity holders
 Issuance of ordinary shares (Note 19)     50,683      5,405,451             —                —       5,456,134            —      5,456,134
 Disposal of subsidiaries                      —               —             —                —              —         4,991          4,991
 Employees share option scheme
   — share-based compensation
      expenses (Note 21)                       —               —         67,272               —         67,272             —        67,272


 Total transactions with equity
   holders                                 50,683      5,405,451         67,272               —       5,523,406        4,991      5,528,397


 Balance at 31 December 2024              273,444     17,069,660         49,736       (1,047,625)    16,345,215      (12,608)    16,332,607




78 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Continued)




                                              Attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                                            (Accumulated
                                                                                 losses)/                        Non-
                                         Share        Share        Other          retain                   controlling       Total
                                        capital    premium       reserves       earnings          Total      interests      equity
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                      (Note 19)    (Note 19)    (Note 20)


Balance at 1 January 2025             273,444 17,069,660          49,736     (1,047,625) 16,345,215          (12,608) 16,332,607

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                         —            —            —       1,796,636       1,796,636      (10,613) 1,786,023

Other comprehensive loss
Changes in the fair value of debt
  instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                —            —           10               —              10            —            10
Currency translation difference             —            —     (168,315)              —        (168,315)           —      (168,315)


Total other comprehensive loss              —            —     (168,305)              —        (168,305)           —      (168,305)


Total comprehensive income                  —            —     (168,305)      1,796,636       1,628,331      (10,613) 1,617,718


Transactions with equity holders
Issuance of ordinary shares
   (Note 19)                            45,097    5,604,069           —               —       5,649,166            —     5,649,166
Employees share option scheme
   — share-based compensation
     expenses (Note 21)                     —            —        50,317              —         50,317             —       50,317
Issuance of convertible bonds
   (Note 27)                                —            —      195,915               —        195,915             —      195,915


Total transactions with equity
  holders                               45,097    5,604,069     246,232               —       5,895,398            —     5,895,398


Balance at 31 December 2025           318,541 22,673,729        127,663         749,011 23,868,944           (23,221) 23,845,723




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025               79
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                                   2025         2024
                                                                                     Notes      RMB’000       RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                                      35(a)       863,478        604,127
 Interest paid                                                                                   (53,504)        (17,774)
 Interest received                                                                               119,283          32,060
 Income tax paid                                                                                (335,083)      (101,309)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                                    594,174       517,104

 Cash flows in investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                       (12,615)       (17,252)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                             366              —
 Purchase of intangible assets                                                                   (24,354)           (395)
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            (5,871,231)    (1,112,732)
 Purchases of investments accounted for using the equity method                       9          (88,250)             —
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               2,417,033        485,749
 Advance of receivables from investments in films and television programmes rights               (15,000)        (10,000)
 Repayment of receivables from investments in films and television programmes
    rights                                                                                       108,676        188,768
 Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       18,714              —
 Interest received from investments in film and television programmes rights                          —              943
 Advance of loans to third parties                                                              (614,394)    (1,604,133)
 Repayment of loans to third parties                                                             617,662      2,006,956
 Interest received from loans to third parties                                                     7,978              —
 Advance of loans to related parties                                                 36(b)            —         (69,750)
 Payments for term deposit with original maturity of more than three months                   (1,014,298)             —
 Proceeds from maturity of term deposits                                                          71,754              —
 Repayment of loans to related parties                                                                —          52,500
 Cash disposed from the disposal of subsidiaries                                                      —           (1,242)
 Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                                    —        (315,889)

 Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (4,397,959)     (396,477)

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                            19       5,607,446     2,925,273
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds                                          27       2,126,998             —
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        198,500       179,910
 Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                       (1,192,439)     (302,304)
 Repayment of principal elements of lease                                                        (35,053)       (26,913)

 Net cash generated from financing activities                                                  6,705,452     2,775,966

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                     2,901,667     2,896,593
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                              3,493,642       569,902
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                   (109,243)       27,147

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                             18       6,286,066     3,493,642


 The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


80 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    China Ruyi Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and is engaged
    in investment holding. The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11,
    Bermuda.

    The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in content production, online streaming
    services, online gaming services and manufacturing and sales of accessories.

    The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
    to the nearest thousand (“RMB’000”), unless otherwise stated. These consolidated financial statements have been
    approved for issue by the board of directors (the “Board”, or “Directors”) of the Company on 31 March 2026.



2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out
    below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

    2.1 Basis of preparation
         The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRS
         Accounting Standards and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“HKCO”) Cap. 622.
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by
         the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss, and contingent consideration payable which are stated at fair value.

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
         certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
         applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or
         areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in
         Note 4.

         (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
               The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for its annual reporting
               period commencing 1 January 2025:

               Amendments to HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1                Lack of Exchangeability (amendments)

               The adoption of the above amended standard did not have any significant impact on the Group’s
               accounting policies and did not require retrospective adjustments.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025           81
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
         (b) Amendments to existing standards and interpretations have been issued but are
             not effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2025 and have not
             been early adopted by the Group.

                                                                                                           Effective for
                                                                                                         annual periods
                                                                                                             beginning
                                                                                                            on or after


             HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7             Amendments to the Classification and Measurement             1 January 2026
                                               of Financial Instruments (amendments)
             HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                      1 January 2026
              HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7              Standards — Volume 11
             HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity           1 January 2026
                                               (amendments)
             HKFRS 18                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (new     1 January 2027
                                               standard)
             HKFRS 19                        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures      1 January 2027
                                               (new standard)
             HK Int 5                        Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan                1 January 2027
                                               that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
                                               (amendments)
             HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor         To be determined
                                               and its Associate or Joint Venture

             The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards,
             interpretation and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the directors, no
             significant impact on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when they become
             effective. Except that certain pervasive changes in the presentation and disclosure may be restated upon the
             adoption of HKFRS 18.

             HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective for annual
             periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027)
             HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements, introducing new requirements that
             will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more
             relevant information and transparency to users. Even though HKFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or
             measurement of items in the financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected
             to be pervasive, in particular those related to the statement of financial performance and providing
             management-defined performance measures within the financial statements. The Group does not expect
             there to be a significant change in the information because the requirement to disclose material information
             remains unchanged; however, the way in which the information is grouped might change as a result of the
             aggregation/disaggregation principles.



82 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies
        2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
            (a)   Subsidiaries
                  Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has controlled. The
                  Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                  involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
                  activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
                  to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                  Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in
                  equity and consolidated statement of financial position respectively.

                  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
                  are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                  impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
                  necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                  Subsidiaries controlled through contractual arrangements
                  The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered certain contractual arrangements (the “Contractual
                  Arrangements”) with the Company’s subsidiaries’ (all established in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”))
                  equity holders, which enable the Group to:

                  —     exercise effective financial and operational control over the variable interest entities (“VIE”);

                  —     exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the VIE;

                  —     receive substantially all of the economic interests and returns generated by the VIE in
                        consideration for the business support, technical and consulting services provided by the wholly
                        foreign-owned enterprise (“WFOE”), at the WFOE’s discretion;

                  —     obtain an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase the entire equity interest in the VIE from
                        the equity holders; and

                  —     obtain a pledge over the entire equity interest in the VIE from its equity holders as collateral
                        security for all of the VIE’s payments due to the WFOE and to secure performance of the VIE’s
                        obligations under the VIE Contracts, respectively.




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025               83
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)
             (a)   Subsidiaries (Continued)
                   The Group does not have any equity interest in the VIE. However, as a result of the contractual
                   arrangements, the Group has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the VIE and has
                   the ability to affect those returns through its power over the VIE and is considered to control the
                   VIE. Consequently, the Group regards the VIE as controlled structure entities and consolidated the
                   financial position and result of operations of the VIE in the consolidated financial statements.

                   Nevertheless, there are still uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and
                   future PRC laws and regulations. The Directors of the Group, based on the advice of its legal counsel,
                   consider that the use of contractual arrangements does not constitute a breach of relevant laws and
                   regulations.

             (b) Associates
                   Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint
                   control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                   Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially
                   being recognised at cost.

             (c)   Equity method
                   Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
                   thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in
                   profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
                   other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
                   recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                   Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in
                   the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further
                   losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

                   Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent
                   of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                   provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity-accounted
                   investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                   Group.




84 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)
            (d) Joint arrangements
                  Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint
                  operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of
                  each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement.

                  Joint operations
                  The Group recognises its direct right to the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations
                  and its share of any jointly held or incurred assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These have been
                  incorporated in the consolidated financial statements under the appropriate headings.

            (e)   Changes in ownership interests
                  When the Group ceases to consolidate for an investment because of a loss of control, any retained
                  interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised
                  in profit or loss. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
                  respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets
                  or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                  reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                  applicable HKFRSs.

        2.2.2 Segment reporting
            Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
            operating decision-makers (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and
            assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the
            Company that make strategic decisions.

        2.2.3 Foreign currency translation
            (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                  the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                  currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the presentation
                  currency of the Company. The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”).

            (b) Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                  such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                  currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss. They are deferred
                  in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are
                  attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025             85
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.3 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
             (b) Transactions and balances (Continued)
                   Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of
                   profit or loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the
                   statement of profit or loss on a net basis within other gain/(loss) — net.

             (c)   Group companies
                   The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                   hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                   are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                   •     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                         date of that balance sheet,

                   •     income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                         are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                         cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                         expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                   •     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

         2.2.4 Intangible assets
             (a)   Goodwill
                   Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but
                   it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
                   that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses
                   on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                   Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is
                   made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit
                   from the business combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified
                   at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the
                   operating segments.

                   Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                   circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the
                   recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use (“VIU”) and the fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCD”).
                   Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.




86 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.4 Intangible assets (Continued)
            (b) Operating licences
                  Separately acquired licences are shown at historical cost. Licences acquired in a business combination
                  are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.

                  Operating licences for production and distribution of television drama series, television programs and
                  films in the PRC have indefinite useful lives. The renewal of these licences are subject to the approval
                  of the relevant bureau. In the opinion of the Directors of the Company, the renewal of these licences
                  will continue to be approved with minimal costs and accordingly they are deemed to have indefinite
                  lives. These intangible assets will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite.
                  Instead they will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication they may be
                  impaired.

            (c)   Software
                  Costs associated with maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.
                  Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of identifiable and unique
                  software products controlled by the Group are recognised as intangible assets. Software acquired in a
                  business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.

                  Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised over its useful life of 5
                  years from the point at which the asset is ready for use.

            (d) Internal development costs
                  Internal costs incurred on development projects are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition
                  criteria are met:

                  •     it is technically feasible to complete the application so that it will be available for use;

                  •     management intends to complete the application and use or sell it;

                  •     there is an ability to use or sell the application;

                  •     it can be demonstrated how the application will generate probable future economic benefits;

                  •     adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
                        sell the application are available; and

                  •     the expenditure attributable to the application during its development can be reliably measured.

                  Directly attributable costs that are capitalised include employment costs and an appropriate portion
                  of relevant overheads. Development costs previously recognised as an expense is not recognised as
                  an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets
                  and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use on a straight-line basis over their
                  estimated useful lives of 3 years.
                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          87
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.4 Intangible assets (Continued)
             (d) Internal development costs (Continued)
                   Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the capitalisation criteria are
                   recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not
                   recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.

             (e)   Game source code
                   The game source code is acquired in a business combination and recognised at fair value at the
                   acquisition date. The game source code is amortised using the straight-line method over its useful life
                   of 10 years which reflects the pattern in which the game source code’s future economic benefits are
                   expected to be consumed.

             (f)   Copyrights and game licenses
                   Copyrights are initially recorded at cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated
                   useful lives of one to three years.

                   Under certain arrangements entered between the Group and the intellectual property (“IP”) holders,
                   the Group pays non-refundable upfront licensing fees to the IP holders as the Group is entitled to use
                   such IP to develop and operate online games. The Group recognises the licensing fee as an intangible
                   asset. This intangible asset is amortised on a straight-line basis over license period of the relevant
                   online games ranging from one to three years.

         2.2.5 Film and television programmes rights
             Depending on the expected use of these rights, film and television programmes rights are treated either as
             intangible assets or inventory.

             For those treated as inventory, they are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
             value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling
             expenses.

             For those treated as intangible assets, they are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
             losses, if any.

             (a)   Film and television programmes rights under production
                   Film and television programmes rights under production are carried at cost, less accumulated
                   impairment loss. Cost includes procurement of film and television scripts, salary of directors and actors
                   and other direct costs or expenses incurred during the production of films and television programmes
                   rights.

                   Film and television programmes rights under production are transferred to “film and television
                   programmes rights completed” upon completion of production.




88 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.5 Film and television programmes rights (Continued)
            (b) Film and television programmes rights completed
                  Film and television programmes rights completed are carried at cost method, less accumulated
                  impairment losses, if any. The films and television programmes rights might be released through
                  various distribution channels, such as theatrical release, television release or internet release, and
                  other licensing arrangement. However, if the Group plans to consume the future economic benefits
                  of the films and television rights substantially through the first theatrical or television release, the
                  corresponding cost is then charged to profit or loss over the period of the first release of those film
                  and television programmes rights through theatrical release or television release. Cost of television
                  programmes rights is charged to profit or loss upon the delivery of master tapes of the respective
                  television programmes.

            (c)   Licensed film and television programmes rights
                  Licensed film and television programmes rights represent the Group’s investments in film and
                  television programmes rights licenses. The Group acquired or licensed rights from third parties for
                  broadcasting of films or television programmes series on its online streaming platform or sub-licensing
                  the license rights to other parties. Licensed film and television programmes rights are carried at cost,
                  less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                  The Group allocates cost of film and television programmes rights relevant to sub-licensing and
                  recognise it as cost of revenue when sub-licensing the license rights to other parties.

                  For the rest of cost which the expected future economic benefits are expected to be consumed
                  by subscription on the online streaming platform, it is amortised on a straight-line basis over their
                  estimated useful lives of primarily 2 to 3 years. The estimated useful life and amortisation method
                  are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimation being
                  accounted for on a prospective basis.

            (d) Current and non-current classification and derecognition
                  Film and television programmes rights and prepayment for film and television programmes rights
                  are classified as current assets if the expected time to complete the production is within the Group’s
                  operating cycle. The remaining film and television programmes rights and prepayment for film and
                  television programmes rights are classified as non-current assets.

                  Film and television programmes rights are derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic
                  benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of film and
                  television programmes rights, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
                  carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025           89
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.5 Film and television programmes rights (Continued)
             (e)   Film rights investments
                   The Group has certain investments in film and TV production projects which entitles the Group to
                   receive a fixed and/or variable income based on the Group’s investment amount and expected rate of
                   return as specified in the respective film and TV investment agreements. The investments are carried
                   at fair value and included in ‘Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss’ in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position.

             (f)   Impairment
                   Film and television programmes rights under production and completed and licensed film and
                   television programmes rights are tested for impairment when impairment indicators existed or
                   annually.

                   In determining whether there is any impairment indicator on film and television programmes rights
                   completed, the Group considered, on a title-by-title basis, factors such as current market condition,
                   political environment, latest regulatory changes, and whether there is any adverse change on the
                   expected performance and distribution plan, as well as whether their costs exceed its net realisable
                   value.

                   In determining whether there is any impairment indicator on the licensed film and television
                   programmes rights, management considered them, on a portfolio basis as one CGU, together with
                   the Group’s online streaming platform where the licensed film and television programmes rights are
                   available for subscription on its online streaming platform.

                   When impairment assessment is needed, management will perform impairment assessment by
                   determining the recoverable amount through value-in-use method, which will be calculated based
                   on the present value of future cash flows directly generated by the relevant film and television
                   programmes rights, or with reference to net realisable value.

         2.2.6 Film and television programmes investment funds from investors
             The amounts represent investments made by certain investors in respect of film rights developed by
             the Group and the amounts payable to these investors. In accordance with the terms of the respective
             investment agreements, the investors are entitled to the rights to recoup their investment amounts as
             appropriate by the predetermined percentage of income to be generated from the films. The financial
             liabilities are measured at amortised cost.




90 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.7 Investments and other financial assets
            (a)   Classification
                  The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                  •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or
                        through profit or loss)；and

                  •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                  The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                  contractual terms of the cash flows.

                  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
                  comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                  depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                  account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                  The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
                  assets changes.

            (b) Recognition and derecognition
                  Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                  the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                  receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                  transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

            (c)   Measurement
                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                  financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to
                  the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through
                  profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

                  Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                  their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025             91
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.7 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
             (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                   Debt instruments
                   Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                   the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into
                   which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                   •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                        flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                        Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                        interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or
                        loss and presented in other gain/(loss) — net together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                        Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                   •    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”): Assets that are
                        held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the
                        assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI.
                        Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of
                        impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are
                        recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss
                        previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other
                        gain/(loss) — net. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                        the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gain/(loss)
                        — net and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit
                        or loss.

                   •    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”): Assets that do not meet the criteria
                        for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is
                        subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gain/(loss)-
                        net in the period in which it arises.




92 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.7 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
            (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                  Equity instruments
                  The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                  management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                  there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                  derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit
                  or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                  Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gain/(loss) — net in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as applicable. Impairment
                  losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported
                  separately from other changes in fair value.

            (d) Impairment
                  The Group has the following types of financial assets subject to HKFRS 9’s expected credit loss model:

                  •     Trade and bills receivables;

                  •     Deposits and other receivables;

                  •     FVOCI;

                  •     Term deposits; and

                  •     Cash and cash equivalents

                  The Group assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with these
                  financial assets. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a
                  significant increase in credit risk.

                  For trade and bills receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9,
                  which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                  Impairment on deposits and other receivables, FVOCI, term deposits, and cash and cash equivalents
                  is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit loss, depending
                  on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
                  increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                  measured as lifetime expected credit losses. To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents,
                  the Group only transacts with state-owned or reputable financial institutions. There has been no
                  recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025             93
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.7 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
              (d) Impairment (Continued)
                    If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can
                    be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such as an
                    improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised impairment loss is
                    recognised in profit or loss.

         2.2.8 Financial liabilities
              (a)   Initial recognition and measurement
                    Financial liabilities of the Group are classified, at initial recognition, at amortised cost. All financial
                    liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of financial liabilities at amortised cost,
                    net of directly attributable transaction costs.

              (b) Subsequent measurement
                    After initial recognition, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
                    effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
                    they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss when the liabilities are
                    derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

              (c)   Derecognition
                    A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or
                    expired.

         2.2.9 Financial instruments
              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group
              currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle
              on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into
              arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off
              in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.

         2.2.10 Impairment of other non-financial assets
              Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are
              tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they
              might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
              indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount
              by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
              of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful
              life are the operating licences required on the online streaming platform. For the purposes of assessing
              impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows
              which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating
              units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible
              reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




94 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.11 Trade and other receivables
            Trade and bills receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in
            the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or
            in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
            presented as non-current assets.

            Trade and bills receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
            unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
            holds the trade and bills receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss allowance.

            See Note 3.1(d) for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.

        2.2.12 Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on
            hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments with
            original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
            are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown
            within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.

        2.2.13 Trade and other payables
            These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
            financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of
            recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
            12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently
            measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

        2.2.14 Borrowings
            Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
            subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and
            the redemption value is recognised in the profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective
            interest method.

            Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent
            that it is probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the
            draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will
            be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period
            of the facility to which it relates.

            Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a
            right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025              95
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.14 Borrowings (Continued)
             Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are
             considered in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the
             Group is required to comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting
             date.

         2.2.15 Convertible bonds
             The component parts of the Convertible Bonds are classified separately as financial liabilities and equity in
             accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability
             and an equity instrument. Conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a fixed amount of
             cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments is an equity
             instrument.

             At the date of issue of the Convertible Bonds, the fair value of the liability component is estimated using
             the prevailing market interest rate for similar non-convertible instruments. This amount is recorded as a
             liability on an amortised cost basis using the effective interest method until extinguished upon conversion or
             at the instrument’s maturity date.

             The conversion option classified as equity is determined by deducting the amount of the liability component
             from the fair value of the Convertible Bonds as a whole. This is recognised and included in equity, net of
             income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured. In addition, the conversion option classified as
             equity will remain in equity until the conversion option is exercised, in which case, the balance recognised
             in equity will be transferred to share premium. When the conversion option remains unexercised at the
             maturity date of the convertible bonds, the balance recognised in equity will be transferred to retained
             profits. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss upon conversion or expiration of the conversion option.




96 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.16 Share-based payments
            (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                  The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the entity
                  receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The
                  fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised
                  as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the
                  options granted:

                  •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price), if any;

                  •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for
                        example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a
                        specified time period); and

                  •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees
                        to save).

                  Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
                  options that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is
                  the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied. In addition, in some
                  circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and therefore the grant
                  date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the period between
                  service commencement period and grant date. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
                  revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market
                  performance and service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if
                  any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                  When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any
                  directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

            (b) Share-based payment transactions among Group entities
                  The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
                  undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
                  received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period
                  as an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the
                  parent entity accounts.




                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025           97
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
         2.2.17 Current and deferred income tax
             The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
             based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
             liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

             (a)   Current income tax
                   The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                   enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the company’s subsidiaries and
                   associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken
                   in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
                   It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax
                   authorities.

             (b) Deferred income tax
                   Deferred income tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                   the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                   statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition
                   of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
                   asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction
                   affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
                   (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
                   expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
                   liability is settled.

                   The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                   assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                   Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
                   profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.




98 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.17 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
            (b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
                 tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.
                 Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset
                 and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                 Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from
                 investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable the
                 temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against
                 which the temporary difference can be utilised.

                 Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
                 recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
                 in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

        2.2.18 Revenue recognition
            Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of goods and
            provision of internet platform services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities.

            Revenue is recognised when or as the control of the services is transferred to the customer. Depending on
            the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the services may be transferred
            over time or at a point in time.

            Control of the goods or services is transferred over time if the Group’s performance:

            •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;

            •    creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

            •    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
                 to payment for performance completed to date.

            If control of the services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by
            reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue
            is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the services. Specific criteria where
            revenue is recognised are described below.

            When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the consolidated
            statement of financial position as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship
            between the entity’s performance and the customer’s payment.




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025             99
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
           2.2.18 Revenue recognition (Continued)
               If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
               unconditional, before the Group transfers a service to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a
               contract liability when the payment is made, or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract
               liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received
               consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

               A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration for the services that the Group has
               transferred to the customers but is not yet unconditional. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an
               unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is
               requited before payment of that consideration is due.

               Revenue is recognised when specific criteria have been met for the Group’s activity as described below:

               (a)   Sales of goods
                     The Group manufactures and sells accessories for photographic and electrical products in wholesale
                     market, and sells building furnishing materials in wholesale and retail market. Revenue from sales of
                     goods is recognised when the products have been delivered to the customers. Control is considered
                     to be transferred at the point in time when the products have been delivered to the wholesaler and
                     the customer.

               (b) Content production
                     The Group invests in and produces entertainment content such as film and television programmes
                     series. Revenue derived from box office income, production and sub-licensing of film and television
                     programmes rights is recognised at a point in time when the control of the entertainment content is
                     transferred to the customers so that the customers can direct the use and obtain associated benefit.

               (c)   Online streaming services
                     The Group’s online streaming services business focus on the monetisation of paid memberships
                     as well as high quality licenses procured from different major international and domestic leading
                     copyright suppliers, all of which are empowered by the pumpkin films online streaming platform
                     operated by the Group and the experiences and knowledge of key management team of the online
                     streaming services business who have years of experiences in the industry.

                     Under such online streaming services business model, the Group provides the users with membership
                     services under the pumpkin films online streaming platform, online display-based advertising services
                     (to corporate customers with media advertisements specifically displayed on the pumpkin platform),
                     promotion advisory services and also sub-licenses film and television programmes rights to corporate
                     customers.




100 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.18 Revenue recognition (Continued)
            (c)   Online streaming services (Continued)
                  For the membership services, the revenue is recognised over time during the period of membership as
                  the users simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the membership services.

                  For online advertising services, the revenue is recognised over time during the advertisement display
                  period on the pumpkin platform.

                  For promotion advisory services, the revenue is recognised at a point in time when the advisory
                  materials are delivered to and confirmed by corporations.

                  For the sub-licensing of film and television programmes rights, the revenue is recognised at the
                  point in time when the film and television programmes rights are available to the licensee and the
                  licensee is able to use and benefit from the license, generally on delivery of master file of the film
                  and television programmes rights when a customer is provided with a right to film and television
                  programmes rights.

            (d) Online gaming services
                  Gaming services as a publisher and a developer
                  The Group acted as a publisher of a number of mobile games developed by game developers. The
                  Group licenses these mobile games from game developers and earns service revenue by making a
                  localized version of the licensed games and publishing them to the game players through distribution
                  channels, including various mobile application stores and software websites, as well as other game
                  publishers with cooperation relationship with the Group (collectively referred to as “Distribution
                  Channels”). The mobile games published by the Group are operated under a free-to-play model
                  whereby game players can download the games free of charge and are charged for the purchase of
                  in-game virtual items via payment channels, such as various mobile carriers and third-party internet
                  payment systems (collectively referred to as “Payment Channels”, Distribution Channels and Payment
                  Channels collectively referred to as “Platforms”). The Group recognises the related revenue on a
                  gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent in these
                  arrangements as stated below.

                  (i)   Game license arrangements where the Group acts as agent
                        With respect to certain of the aforementioned Group’s game license arrangements, the Group’s
                        primary responsibilities are the provision of market promotion and customer support services
                        and considered itself as the agent of the game developers (i.e. the Group’s customers) given
                        that the (i) game developers are responsible for providing the game products desired by the
                        game players; (ii) the costs incurred by the developers to develop the games are more than
                        the licensing costs and game localizations costs incurred by the Group; (iii) the hosting and
                        maintenance of game servers for running the online mobile games is the responsibility of the
                        developers; (iv) the developers have the right to review and approve the pricing of in-game
                        virtual items and the specification, modification or update of the game made by the Group.
                        Accordingly, the Group recognises its game publishing service revenue from these licensed
                        games on a net basis, net of the amounts paid to the game developers and commission fees
                        paid to the Distribution Channels and Payment Channels.

                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025           101
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
           2.2.18 Revenue recognition (Continued)
               (d) Online gaming services (Continued)
                    Gaming services as a publisher and a developer (Continued)
                    (i) Game license arrangements where the Group acts as agent（Continued）
                        The Group considers it provides a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and
                        have the same pattern of transfer to the game developers who simultaneously receive and
                        consume the benefits provided by the Group’s services. As such, revenue is recognised in the
                        month when related sales of in-game virtual items occur.

                    (ii)   Game license arrangements where the Group acts as principal
                           With respect to certain of the aforementioned Group’s game license arrangements, the Group
                           takes primary responsibilities of the game’s operation, including but not limited to determining
                           distribution and payment channels, providing customer services, and controlling services
                           specifications and pricing of in-game virtual items. Under this type of game license arrangement,
                           the Group considered itself as a principal and is obligated to provide on-going services to the
                           game players who purchased in-game virtual items to gain enhanced game-playing experiences
                           over the average expected playing period of players (“Player Relationship Period”).

                           Accordingly, the Group recognises the revenues from the third-party licensed game on a gross
                           basis ratably over the Player Relationship Period. Contract fulfilment costs, including but not
                           limited to commission fees paid to Distribution Channels and Payment Channels, are recognised
                           as cost of revenues through amortisation over the Player Relationship Period, which is consistent
                           with the pattern of recognition of the associated revenues.

                    Gaming promotion, advertising and game-play design advisory services to publishers
                    The Group provides game-play design advisory services to game publishers and receives revenue-
                    sharing based on gross merchandise volume of the selected games. The Group considers it provides
                    a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer
                    to the game publisher. As such, the Group recognises this revenue over time based on certain
                    percentage of selling prices of gaming to each day.

                    The Group also provides game promotion and advertising services to game publishers for a fixed fee
                    that is agreed upon between the Group and the game publishers before the commencement of the
                    work. The Group recognises the revenue at a point in time when the advisory materials are delivered
                    to and confirmed by the publishers or over time during the advertisement display period.




102 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Material accounting policies (Continued)
        2.2.19 Earnings per share
            (a)   Basic earnings per share
                  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                  •     the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other
                        than ordinary shares,

                  •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                        adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury
                        shares.

            (b) Diluted earnings per share
                  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to
                  take into account:

                  •     the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                        potential ordinary shares, and

                  •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                        assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

    2.3 Other accounting policies
        2.3.1 Separate financial statements
            Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
            costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
            received and receivable.

            Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
            investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
            dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
            the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




                                                                                CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025           103
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       2.3 Other accounting policies
           2.3.2 Property, plant and equipment
               Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss.
               Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

               Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
               appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
               the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
               derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which
               they are incurred.

               Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their
               cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

               Leasehold improvements                      Over the shorter of lease term and useful life
               Buildings                                   20 years
               Plant and machinery                         5–10 years
               Furniture, fixtures and equipment           5–10 years
               Network equipment                           3 years
               Motor vehicles                              4–5 years

               The residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date.
               An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
               amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

               Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
               recognised within “Other gain/(loss) — net” in profit or loss.




104 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3 Other accounting policies (Continued)
        2.3.3 Inventories
            Inventories mainly comprise raw material, work in progress and finished goods of textile fabric, accessories
            for photographic and electrical products on manufacture and sales of accessories business.

            All the inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials,
            direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being
            allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost excludes borrowing costs. Costs are assigned to
            individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Net realisable value is the estimated
            selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated
            costs necessary to make the sale.

        2.3.4 Borrowing costs
            General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
            production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
            prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
            period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
            on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

        2.3.5 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new share
            or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

        2.3.6 Employee benefits
            (a)   Employee leave entitlements
                  Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                  employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                  result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

                  Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025            105
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       2.3 Other accounting policies (Continued)
           2.3.6 Employee benefits (Continued)
               (b) Retirement benefits
                     In accordance with the rules and regulations in the PRC, PRC-based employees of the Group
                     participate in various defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the relevant
                     municipal and provincial governments in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based
                     employees are required to make monthly contributions to these plans calculated at a percentage of
                     the employees’ salaries.

                     The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of
                     all existing and future retired PRC-based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other
                     than the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement
                     and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately
                     from those of the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the PRC government.

                     The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory
                     Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance (“MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is
                     a defined contribution retirement scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on
                     minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income.
                     The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the Group in independently
                     administered funds.

                     The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are expensed as incurred.

           2.3.7 Provisions
               Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
               events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount
               has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for further operating losses.

               Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
               settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even
               if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
               be small.

               Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
               to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
               present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
               risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
               expense.




106 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3 Other accounting policies (Continued)
        2.3.8 Interest income
             Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in fair value change in financial assets at FVPL on
             these assets.

             Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is
             recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as part of
             finance income.

             Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for
             cash management purposes.

             Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
             financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit impaired. For credit-impaired
             financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
             deduction of the loss allowance).

        2.3.9 Dividend income
             Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as
             other income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are
             paid out of pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an
             investment. In this case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured at FVOCI.
             However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.

        2.3.10 Leases
             Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership were not transferred to the
             Group as lessee were classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any
             incentives received from the lessor) were charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of
             the lease.




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025            107
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       2.3 Other accounting policies (Continued)
           2.3.10 Leases (Continued)
                Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                asset is available for use by the Group.

                Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

                •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
                      as at the commencement date,

                •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

                •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

                •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that
                      option.

                Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                measurement of the liability.

                The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
                determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is
                used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain
                an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                security and conditions.

                To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                      adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

                •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
                      by the Company, which does not have recent third party financing, and

                •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g., term, country, currency and security.

                The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate,
                which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments
                based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use
                asset.




108 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3 Other accounting policies (Continued)
        2.3.10 Leases (Continued)
             Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
             loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
             the liability for each period.

             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

             •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

             •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

             •     any initial direct costs, and

             •     restoration costs.

             Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
             a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset
             is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

             Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
             line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

             Lease modification is a change in the scope of a lease, or the consideration for a lease, that was not part
             of its original terms and conditions. After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease
             liability to reflect any lease modification using the interest rate implicit in the lease for the remainder of
             the lease term. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the effective
             date of the lease modification is used. The Group adjusts the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset
             for the remeasurement of the lease liability. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has already
             been reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability, the Group
             recognises any remaining amount of the remeasurement in profit or loss.

        2.3.11 Dividend distribution
             Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at
             the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of
             the reporting period.

        2.3.12 Government grant
             Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
             the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

             Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
             loss and other comprehensive income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are
             intended to compensate.

                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025            109
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

       3.1 Financial risk factors
           This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future
           financial performance. Current year profit or loss information has been included where relevant to add further
           context.

           The Group’s management monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Group
           through internal risk reports which analyses exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include
           market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

           (a) Foreign exchange risk
                Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and net monetary assets and liabilities
                are denominated in RMB, United States dollars (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”) and HK$, currencies other than the
                functional currencies of respective group entities.

                The Group has not used any forward contracts, currency borrowings and other means to hedge its foreign
                currency exposure but manages through constant monitoring to limit as much as possible its net exposure.

                The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency
                rates. In the opinion of directors, HK$ are reasonably stable against the US$ under the Linked Exchange
                Rate System, and accordingly, no sensitivity analysis with respect to the US$ against HK$ is performed.

                Most of the transactions of the Company and its major subsidiaries are denominated in their respective
                functional currency. The Company and its subsidiaries do not have significant financial assets or financial
                liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. Accordingly, the Group does not
                have significant foreign currency exposure.

                The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the impact on exchange difference for EUR, RMB and
                HK$ are immaterial as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 due to most of the transactions of the Company
                and its major subsidiaries are denominated in their respective functional currency. The Company and
                its subsidiaries do not have significant financial assets or financial liabilities denominated in currencies
                other than their functional currencies. Accordingly, the Group does not have significant foreign currency
                exposure.

           (b) Price risk
                The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in the
                consolidated statement of financial position either as FVOCI or at FVPL.

                As at 31 December 2025, if the fair values of the investments classified as financial assets at FVPL and
                FVOCI had been 5% higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s pre-tax profit
                and other components of equity would have been approximately RMB393,709,000 higher/lower(2024:
                RMB199,437,000 higher/lower) and approximately RMB26,000 higher/lower (2024: RMB26,000 higher/
                lower) respectively. Pre-tax profit for the year would increase/decrease as a result of gains/losses on financial
                asset classified as at FVPL. Other components of equity would increase/decrease as a result of gains/losses
                on financial asset classified as FVOCI.


110 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (c) Interest rate risk
             Interest rate risk relates to the risk that the fair value or cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
             because of changes in market interest rates.

             The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank deposits and fair value
             interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate other borrowings and interest-free other borrowing, respectively.

             The Group currently does not have a policy to hedge against the interest rate risk as management does not
             expect any significant interest rate risk as at the end of the reporting period.

             As at 31 December 2025, the Group is not exposed to interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
             deposits.(2024: RMB16,568,000 higher/lower) .

        (d) Credit risk
             The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its financial assets at FVOCI, trade and other receivables,
             term deposits and cash and cash equivalents.

             The carrying amounts of financial asset at FVOCI, trade and other receivables, term deposits and cash and
             cash equivalents represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

            (i)   Risk management
                   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause
                   a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising
                   from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position.

                   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, 63% and 56% of the total trade and bills receivables were due
                   from the Group’s five largest customers. The directors of the Company consider these counterparties
                   with good credit worthiness based on their past repayment history. The directors closely monitor
                   the subsequent settlement of the customers. The Group does not grant long credit period to the
                   counterparties.

                   In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                   for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
                   follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
                   amount of each individual trade and bills receivables at the end of the reporting period to ensure that
                   adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.

                   Substantially all of the Group’s bank deposits are deposited with major financial institutions
                   incorporated in Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong, which management believes are of high credit
                   quality without significant credit risk.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025            111
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
           (d) Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets
                      The Group has the following types of financial asset that is subject to the expected credit loss models:

                      •     Cash and cash equivalents

                      •     Term deposits

                      •     Financial assets at FVOCI

                      •     Bills receivables

                      •     Trade receivables

                      •     Deposits and other receivables

                      While cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, bills receivables and financial assets at FVOCI
                      were also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was
                      immaterial.

                      Trade receivables
                      The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a
                      lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. The Group measures the expected credit
                      losses on a combination of both individual and collective basis.

                      To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
                      risk characteristics.

                      Measurement of expected credit loss on individual basis
                      Trade receivables with known insolvencies are assessed individually for impairment allowances and are
                      written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable
                      expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a prepayment
                      plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments. As at 31 December 2025, the
                      balance of loss allowance in respect of these individually assessed receivables was approximately
                      RMB62,616,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB62,616,000).




112 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
            (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                   Trade receivables (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit loss on collective basis（Continued）
                   Expected credit losses are also estimated by grouping the remaining receivables based on shared
                   credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for likelihood of recovery, taking into account the
                   nature of the customer, its geographical location and its ageing category, and applying the expected
                   credit loss rates to the respective gross carrying amounts of the receivables.

                   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                   lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                   To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped into below groups based
                   on shared credit risk characteristics:

                   —     State-owned companies and listed companies
                         For trade receivables from state-owned companies and/or listed companies and their
                         subsidiaries, the management uses modelling approach that incorporated key parameters and
                         assumptions, including probability of default, loss given default, exposure at default, with
                         reference to external information from reputable external agencies such as Moody’s.

                   —     Other customers
                         For trade receivables from other customers being private companies that are neither state-
                         owned nor listed, the expected loss rates are based on the corresponding historical credit losses
                         experienced, industry credit loss rates and aging profiles of trade receivables over a period
                         of 36 months before 31 December 2025 or 1 January 2025 respectively within this period.
                         The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                         macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The
                         Group has identified the GDP and urban per capital disposable income of the PRC in which the
                         Group sells its goods and services to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the
                         historical loss rates based on expected changes in this factor.

                         As at 31 December 2025, the amount of loss allowance in respect of these collectively assessed
                         receivables was approximately RMB264,995,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB234,188,000).

                         Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as ‘net impairment losses on financial
                         assets’ in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025            113
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
           (d) Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      Deposits and other receivables
                      For deposits and other receivables, the expected credit loss is based on 12 months expected loss.
                      It is the portion of lifetime expected credit loss that results from default events on a financial
                      instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has
                      been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                      expected credit loss.

                      The Directors consider the probability of default upon initial recognition of assets and whether there
                      has been significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis. To assess whether there is a significant
                      increase in credit risk, the Group compares risk of a default occurring on the assets as at the reporting
                      date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition.

                      Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                      •     external credit rating;

                      •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that
                            are expected to cause a significant change to the customer’s ability to meet its obligations; and

                      •     significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including
                            changes in the payment status of borrowers and changes in the operating results of the
                            borrower.

                      Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more
                      than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment. Under such case, the other receivables are
                      classified as stage 2 and subject to lifetime expected losses provision. When the other receivables
                      became past due for more than 90 days, they are treated as credit-impaired and therefore classified
                      as stage 3.

                      A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments when they
                      fall due.

                      Management uses three categories for other receivables which reflect their credit risk and how the
                      loss provision is determined for each of those categories.




114 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
            (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                   A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss model on other
                   receivables is as follows:

                                                                                     Basis for recognition of expected
                   Category        The Group’s definition of category                credit loss provision


                   Stage 1         Other receivables whose credit risk is in line    12 months expected losses. Where
                                   with original expectations.                       the expected lifetime of an asset is less
                                                                                     than 12 months, expected losses are
                                                                                     measured at its expected lifetime.

                   Stage 2         Other receivables for which a significant      Lifetime expected losses
                                   increase has occurred compared to original
                                   expectations; a significant increase in credit
                                   risk is presumed if interest and/or principal
                                   repayments are contractually past due less than
                                   90 days.

                   Stage 3         Interest and/or principal repayments are more Lifetime expected losses
                                   than 90 days contractually past due or it
                                   becomes probable that a customer will enter
                                   bankruptcy.

                   In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category
                   of debtors, and adjusts for forward-looking macroeconomic data.




                                                                                    CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025           115
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
           (d) Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      The loss allowance for trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 reconcile to the
                      opening loss allowance as follows:

                                                                                            Deposits
                                                                   Trade and bills        and other
                                                                      receivables        receivables           Total
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


                      Balance as at 1 January 2024                        162,727            72,630           235,357
                      Impairment provision                                134,472            10,053           144,525
                      Exchange difference                                    (395)              252              (143)


                      Balance as at 31 December 2024                      296,804            82,935           379,739


                      Balance as at 1 January 2025                        296,804            82,935           379,739
                      Impairment provision                                 30,812           124,671           155,483
                      Exchange difference                                      (5)             (219)             (224)


                      Balance as at 31 December 2025                      327,611           207,387           534,998




116 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
            (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                   The loss allowance on trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was determined as
                   follows:

                                                 Up to 3       3 to 6     6 to 12       Over
                                                 months       months      months       1 year
                                                past due     past due    past due    past due      Total
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

                   As at 31 December 2025

                   On collective basis
                   Expected loss rate             0.32%       1.23%        2.57%      21.24%       9.52%
                   Gross carrying amount         678,062     245,090      724,047   1,135,780   2,782,979
                   Loss allowance provision        2,151       3,020       18,636     241,188     264,995

                   On individual basis
                   Expected loss rate                 —             —          —     100.00%     100.00%
                   Gross carrying amount              —             —          —       62,616      62,616
                   Loss allowance provision           —             —          —       62,616      62,616

                   Total
                   Expected loss rate             0.32%       1.23%        2.57%      25.35%      11.51%
                   Gross carrying amount         678,062     245,090      724,047   1,198,396   2,845,595
                   Loss allowance provision        2,151       3,020       18,636     303,804     327,611

                   As at 31 December 2024

                   On collective basis
                   Expected loss rate             1.34%         0.89%      1.87%      22.95%       7.34%
                   Gross carrying amount       1,471,437        95,301    755,185     869,179   3,191,102
                   Loss allowance provision       19,694           848     14,131     199,515     234,188

                   On individual basis
                   Expected loss rate                 —             —          —     100.00%     100.00%
                   Gross carrying amount              —             —          —       62,616      62,616
                   Loss allowance provision           —             —          —       62,616      62,616

                   Total
                   Expected loss rate             1.34%         0.89%      1.87%      28.13%       9.12%
                   Gross carrying amount       1,471,437        95,301    755,185     931,795   3,253,718
                   Loss allowance provision       19,694           848     14,131     262,131     296,804




                                                                         CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025     117
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
           (d) Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      The loss allowance on deposits and other receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was
                      determined as follows:

                                                                  Stage 1     Stage 2    Stage 3     Total
                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000


                      As at 31 December 2025
                      Gross carrying amount
                      Receivables from investments in film and
                        television programmes rights              889,008          —    114,036    1,003,044
                      Receivables from redemption of
                        investments funds                         237,770          —          —     237,770
                      Loans to third parties                      219,551          —      38,720    258,271
                      Amounts due from related parties             16,338          —          —      16,338
                      Others                                       54,385          —      41,259     95,644


                                                                 1,417,052         —    194,015    1,611,067


                      Loss allowance
                      Receivables from investments in film and
                        television programmes rights               10,481          —    114,036     124,517
                      Loans to third parties                        2,012          —     38,720      40,732
                      Amounts due from related parties                133          —         —          133
                      Others                                          746          —     41,259      42,005


                                                                   13,372          —    194,015     207,387


                      Expected credit loss rate                     0.94%          —    100.00%     12.87%




118 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
            (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                                                                Stage 1    Stage 2    Stage 3       Total
                                                               RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


                   As at 31 December 2024
                   Gross carrying amount
                   Receivables from investments in film and
                     television programmes rights             1,010,450     4,488     49,206    1,064,144
                   Loans to third parties                       436,857        —          —       436,857
                   Amounts due from related parties              57,083        —          —        57,083
                   Others                                       126,351        —      16,179      142,530


                                                              1,630,741     4,488     65,385    1,700,614


                   Loss allowance
                   Receivables from investments in film and
                     television programmes rights               12,116      1,140     49,206      62,462
                   Loans to third parties                        1,719         —          —        1,719
                   Amounts due from related parties                455         —          —          455
                   Others                                        2,120         —      16,179      18,299


                                                                16,410      1,140     65,385      82,935


                   Expected credit loss rate                     1.01%    25.40%     100.00%       4.88%




                                                                          CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025    119
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
           (e) Liquidity risk
                Management aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents or have available funding through
                an adequate amount of available financing, including proceeds from advance receipts and long-term
                borrowings to meet its operating demands.

                The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
                disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                                      Between    Between
                                                                          Less than    1 and 2    2 and 5
                                                                             1 year      years      years        Total
                                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000


                As at 31 December 2025
                Borrowings (including interest payable)                    677,373      72,500          —       749,873
                Trade payables (Note 24)                                   530,859          —           —       530,859
                Film and television programmes investment funds
                   from investors (including interest payable)(Note a)     673,463          —           —       673,463
                Other payables (excluding provisions for other
                   taxes and accrued salaries)                            1,323,041         —           —     1,323,041
                Convertible bonds                                            83,526     83,526   2,323,445    2,490,497
                Lease liabilities                                            24,988     13,595      15,338       53,921
                Contingent consideration payable (Note 9(b)(ii))                 —      17,000          —        17,000


                Total                                                     3,313,250    186,621   2,338,783    5,838,654


                As at 31 December 2024
                Borrowings (including interest payable)                   1,224,793    466,756      68,750    1,760,299
                Trade payables (Note 24)                                    835,888         —           —       835,888
                Film and television programmes investment funds
                   from investors (including interest payable) (Note a)    746,234          —           —       746,234
                Other payables (excluding provisions for other
                   taxes and accrued salaries)                             654,702          —           —       654,702
                Lease liabilities                                           30,591      21,038      18,112       69,741


                Total                                                     3,492,208    487,794      86,862    4,066,864


                (a)     Certain portion of the film and television programmes investment funds from investors, which recoup
                        their investment amounts as appropriate by the predetermined percentage of income to be generated
                        from the films, is subject to variable interests without fixed contractual cash outflows.



120 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.2 Capital risk management
       In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
       owners, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

       The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
       concern in order to provide returns for equity owners and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
       optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

       Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio
       is calculated as total borrowings, lease liabilities and convertible bonds divided by total assets, as shown in the
       consolidated statements of financial position.

       The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                        31 December         31 December
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


       Total borrowings, lease liabilities and convertible bonds                            2,706,633          1,766,541
       Total assets                                                                        30,260,321         21,670,713


       Gearing ratio                                                                               9%                 8%


       Increase in gearing ratio as at 31 December 2025 compared to 31 December 2024 was primarily attributable to
       the issuance of convertible bonds in April 2025.




                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025           121
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.3 Fair value estimation
           (a) Financial assets and liabilities
               (i)   Fair value hierarchy
                     The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities measured and
                     recognised at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 on a recurring basis:

                                                                    Level 1     Level 2      Level 3       Total
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


                     As at 31 December 2025
                     Financial assets
                     Financial assets at FVPL (Note 17)
                        — Film rights investments                       —            —        64,648        64,648
                       — Investments in listed equity securities   206,362           —            —        206,362
                       — Investments in unlisted funds                  —       397,978    4,606,026     5,004,004
                       — Investments in unlisted companies              —     2,378,377      193,479     2,571,856
                       — Investments in unlisted bonds                  —        27,310           —         27,310


                                                                   206,362    2,803,665    4,864,153     7,874,180


                     Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 12)
                        — Listed fund                                  513            —            —           513


                                                                   206,875    2,803,665    4,864,153     7,874,693


                     As at 31 December 2025
                     Financial liability
                     Contingent consideration payable
                       (Note 9(b)(ii))                                   —            —       17,000        17,000




122 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
            (i)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                                                                  Level 1      Level 2      Level 3       Total
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


                  As at 31 December 2024
                  Financial assets
                  Financial assets at FVPL (Note 17)
                     — Film rights investments                        —            —      120,265       120,265
                    — Investments in listed equity securities     28,592           —           —         28,592
                    — Investments in unlisted funds                   —       348,462     859,156     1,207,618
                    — Investments in unlisted companies               —     2,540,804      55,510     2,596,314
                    — Investments in unlisted bonds                   —        35,941          —         35,941


                                                                  28,592    2,925,207    1,034,931    3,988,730


                  Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 12)
                     — Listed fund                                   516           —            —          516


                                                                  29,108    2,925,207    1,034,931    3,989,246


                  During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between levels 1 and 2
                  for recurring fair value measurements.




                                                                            CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025       123
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
               (i)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                     The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at
                     the end of the reporting period. The Group did not measure any financial assets or financial liabilities
                     at fair value on a non-recurring basis as at 31 December 2025.

                     Financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated statement of financial position at fair
                     value are disclosed by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

                     Level 1:   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
                                derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the
                                reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the group is
                                the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                     Level 2:   The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                                over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the
                                use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If
                                all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                                included in level 2.

                     Level 3:   If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                                instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and for
                                instruments where climate risk gives rise to a significant unobservable adjustment.




124 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
            (ii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                   The following table presents the changes in level 3 financial instruments of the Group for the years
                   ended 31 December 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                  Investments
                                                                  Investments            in an              Contingent
                                                      Film rights   in unlisted       unlisted            consideration
                                                    investments          funds       company        Total      payable
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Balance as at 1 January 2024          34,591        166,000         50,000      250,591    (1,322,833)
                   Additions                            121,625        946,956             —     1,068,581             —
                   Changes in fair values                29,452         71,763          5,510      106,725    (1,121,447)
                   Currency exchange difference              —             481             —           481        (45,836)
                   Disposal                             (65,403)      (326,044)            —      (391,447)            —
                   Exercised during the year                 —              —              —            —      2,490,116


                   Balance as at 31 December 2024       120,265        859,156         55,510    1,034,931            —


                   Balance as at 1 January 2025         120,265        859,156         55,510 1,034,931               —
                   Additions                             91,134      4,634,326        246,716 4,972,176          (17,000)
                   Changes in fair values                32,884        919,615        297,633 1,250,132               —
                   Currency exchange difference              —         (84,142)            —    (84,142)              —
                   Transfer                                  —              —        (406,380) (406,380)              —
                   Disposal                            (179,635)    (1,722,929)            — (1,902,564)              —


                   Balance as at 31 December 2025        64,648      4,606,026        193,479    4,864,153       (17,000)




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         125
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

       3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
             (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
                    (ii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) (Continued)
                           The following table summaries the information about the significant unobservable inputs and
                           valuation techniques used in recurring level 3 fair value measurement:

                                 Fair value as at
                                  31 December
                                                        Current/              Valuation techniques and key inputs and
                                  2025          2024    Non-current           relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value
                               RMB’000       RMB’000


       Financial assets at
          fair value through
          profit or loss:

       Film rights               64,648      120,265    Current               Expected future cash flows are discounted at rates that
          investments                                                           reflect the internal rates of return of the underlying
                                                                                investments.

                                                                              The higher internal rates of return, the lower the fair
                                                                                value.

       Investments in          4,606,026     859,156    Current/Non-current   a. Market approach
          unlisted funds
                                                                                Reference to a combination of unobservable inputs,
                                                                                  including market multiples.

                                                                                The higher the market multiples, the higher the fair
                                                                                  value.

                                                                                A qualitative analysis was also conducted on these
                                                                                  funds.

                                                                              b. Expected rate of return

                                                                                Reference to the consolidated statements from
                                                                                  administrators of the fund.

                                                                                The higher the expected rate of return, the higher the
                                                                                  fair value.

       Investments              193,479        55,510   Non-current           Market approach
          in unlisted
          companies                                                           Reference to a combination of unobservable inputs,
                                                                                including market multiples.

                                                                              The higher the market multiples, the higher the fair
                                                                                value.




126 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
                  (ii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) (Continued)
                               Fair value as at
                                31 December
                                                       Current/              Valuation techniques and key inputs and
                                2025           2024    Non-current           relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value
                             RMB’000        RMB’000


    Financial liability at
       fair value through
       profit or loss:

    Contingent                 17,000              —   Non-Current           Reference to a combination of unobservable inputs,
      consideration                                                            including probability.
      payable
                                                                             The higher the probability of trigger events being
                                                                               incurred, the lower the fair value.


                         The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount:

                         •     Trade and bills receivables

                         •     Other receivables

                         •     Cash and cash equivalents

                         •     Term deposits

                         •     Trade and other payables

                         •     Borrowings

                         There were no changes in valuation techniques during the periods.




                                                                                         CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025            127
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

       Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are evaluated and based on historical
       experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
       circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
       will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that may have a significant
       effect on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

       (a) Impairment of goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life
            The Group tests annually whether goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life have suffered any
            impairment, in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2.2.4. The recoverable amounts of CGUs
            are determined based on VIU, which require the use of estimates and valuation techniques. The inputs to these
            models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment
            and estimation is required in establishing fair values.

            Based on management’s assessment, there was no impairment on goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite
            useful life charged to administrative expenses during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

       (b) Operating licenses with indefinite useful life
            The production and distribution of film and television programmes rights are extensively regulated in the PRC,
            which requires certain licenses and approvals to conduct and develop Internet related business. The Group holds
            the certain licenses that are necessary for conducting the online streaming services business in the PRC. Further,
            those licenses are subject to periodical renewal upon expiration. The Group can only provide the users with
            membership services on online streaming platform in the future with successful continuous renewal of these
            licenses.

            The Group continuously reviews and assesses whether it complies with the criteria set by the PRC legal system
            that need to be met when renew relevant licenses, as well as consider the historical renewal experience of itself
            and other market participants. The Group believes that it will comply with the relevant the PRC laws and renewal
            conditions in the future.

       (c) Measurement, cost and impairment of film and television programmes rights
            At the end of each reporting period, the directors of the Group assessed the amortisation policy and expected
            useful lives of the film and television programmes rights classified as intangible assets. The determination of
            amortisation policy and expected useful lives requires management’s significant judgement.

            The Group charged the cost of the film and television programmes rights completed based on the management’s
            assessment of their potential benefits brought to the Group and the expected consumption pattern.

            Based on the management’s assessment, cost of film is charged to profit or loss over the period of the first
            release of the films through various distribution channels, such as theatrical release, television release or internet
            release, and other licensing arrangement. Cost of television programmes rights is charged to profit or loss upon
            the delivery of master tapes of the respective television programmes.




128 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

    (c) Measurement, cost and impairment of film and television programmes rights
        (Continued)

        Other than the cost, the directors also performed impairment assessment on film and television programmes
        rights under production, and on licensed film and television programme rights and film and television programme
        rights completed which have been identified with impairment indicators, in accordance with the accounting
        policy stated in Note 2.2.5(f).

        When performing the impairment assessment, the recoverable amount of the film and television programmes
        rights is determined based on VIU approach. If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, the
        carrying amount of the film and television programmes rights will be written down to its recoverable amount. The
        Group’s estimation of impairment provision of film and television programmes rights reflects management’s best
        estimate of future cash flows expected to be generated from film and television programmes rights.

        During the year ended 31 December 2025, based on management’s impairment assessment, no impairment (2024:
        Nil) of film and television programmes rights was recognised.

    (d) Impairment of trade and other receivables
        The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates.
        The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,
        based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of
        each reporting period.

        Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying amount of
        trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such estimate has been changed.
        Details of the loss allowance on trade and other receivables are disclosed in Note 3.1 (d).

    (e) Tax provisions
        The Group is subject to turnover and income taxes in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. Judgement is
        required in determining the tax provision. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
        tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. At the end of each reporting period, the
        Group reassess the provision for turnover and income taxes based on the reported financial results and the
        estimates of whether additional taxes will be due or any taxes are over or under provided. However, where the
        final tax outcome of these matters is different from the provision amounts that were initially recorded by the
        Group, such difference will impact the tax provision in the year in which such determination is made.




                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025          129
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

       (f) Estimate of Player Relationship Period
           As described in Note 2.2.18(d), the Group recognises the revenues and contract fulfilment costs rateably over
           the estimated Player Relationship Period for games license arrangements where the Group acts as principal. The
           determination of Player Relationship Period is made based on the Group’s best estimates that take into account
           all known and relevant information at the time of assessment. Such estimates are subject to re-evaluation on
           an appropriate basis. Any adjustments arising from changes in the Player Relationship Period as a result of new
           information will be accounted for as a change in accounting estimate.

       (g) Convertible bonds
           The fair value of the liability portion of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest rate for a
           non-convertible bond with similar terms. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised cost basis until
           conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remaining of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option. Any
           directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the liability and equity or derivative liability component in
           proportion to their initial carrying amounts.

           Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of a convertible bond is measured at amortised cost
           using the effective interest method. The equity component of a convertible bond is not re-measured subsequent
           to initial recognition except on conversion or expiry.

           The convertible bonds are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
           settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.



   5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

       (a) Description of segments and principal activities
           The CODM of the Group has been identified as the executive directors of the Company who is responsible for
           reviewing the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management has
           determined the operating segments based on these reports.

           The directors of the Company assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of segment
           results. Certain corporate expenses, other losses and finance costs — net are not included in the results for each
           operating segment.

           The Group’s three reportable segments now comprised (1) Content production business; (2) Online streaming and
           online gaming businesses; and (3) Other businesses (mainly comprised of manufacture and sales of accessories).




130 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    (b) Segment profit/(loss)
        The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
        comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                     Online
                                                                 streaming
                                                     Content    and online                      Inter
                                                  Production        gaming         Other     segment
                                                    business    businesses    businesses transactions Consolidated
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


        Revenue
          Timing of revenue recognition
            — At a point                            661,606        372,424       39,657             —      1,073,687
            — Over time                              16,800      2,269,288           —         (16,800)    2,269,288
                                                    678,406      2,641,712       39,657        (16,800)    3,342,975


        Segment profit                             1,139,712       819,184       21,604             —      1,980,500


        Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                       (91,127)
        Unallocated other gains — net                                                                         68,703
        Unallocated finance cost — net                                                                       (25,724)


        Profit before income tax                                                                           1,932,352


        Depreciation of property,plant and
          equipment                                   15,069         8,563          680                       24,312
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets           16,668        12,050        3,713                       32,431
        Amortisation of other intangible assets            6        17,704           —                        17,710
        Cost of film and television programmes
          rights                                    593,177        749,101           —                     1,342,278
        Share of profit/(loss) of associates
          accounted for using the equity
          method                                        (865)      202,114           —                      201,249




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         131
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (b) Segment profit/(loss) (Continued)
           The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                Online
                                                             Content    streaming and
                                                           production   online gaming            Other
                                                             business       businesses      businesses    Consolidated
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


           Revenue
             Timing of revenue recognition
               — At a point                                  121,570       1,390,470           36,330       1,548,370
               — Over time                                     5,473       2,116,917               —        2,122,390
                                                             127,043       3,507,387           36,330       3,670,760


           Segment (loss)/profit                            (242,050)      1,539,672            (1,931)     1,295,691


           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                       (89,285)
           Unallocated other losses                                                                         (1,091,299)
           Unallocated finance costs — net                                                                      (43,456)


           Profit before income tax                                                                            71,651


           Depreciation of property, plant and
             equipment                                         9,438            6,029             341          15,808
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                21,352            8,051           3,041          32,444
           Amortisation of other intangible assets                 6            4,640              —            4,646
           Cost of film and television programmes
             rights                                           99,132         767,478                —         866,610
           Share of losses of associates accounted for
             using the equity method                             215               —                —              215


           During the year ended 31 December 2024, all of the segment revenue reported above was from external
           customers and there were no inter-segment sales.




132 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    (c) Segment assets and liabilities
        Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                             Online
                                                                         streaming
                                                           Content       and online
                                                        production          gaming           Other
                                                          business       businesses     businesses    Consolidated
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


        ASSETS
        Segment assets                                   9,246,685        5,109,113        20,762       14,376,560


        Unallocated property, plant and equipment                                                            1,491
        Unallocated right of use assets                                                                      2,997
        Unallocated prepayments, other receivables
           and deposits                                                                                    664,879
        Financial assets at FVPL                                                                         7,874,180
        Financial assets at FVOCI                                                                              513
        Deferred tax assets                                                                                 95,917
        Term deposits                                                                                      957,718
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        6,286,066


        Consolidated total assets                                                                       30,260,321


        LIABILITIES
        Segment liabilities                              (1,877,161)      (1,132,489)      (15,353)     (3,025,003)


        Unallocated trade and other payables                                                               (13,310)
        Unallocated lease liabilities                                                                       (3,335)
        Unallocated borrowings                                                                            (442,543)
        Unallocated convertible bonds                                                                   (1,922,522)
        Current income tax liabilities                                                                    (571,217)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          (436,668)


        Consolidated total liabilities                                                                  (6,414,598)




                                                                                CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025      133
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (c) Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                  Online
                                                              Content     streaming and
                                                            production    online gaming            Other
                                                              business        businesses      businesses    Consolidated
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


           ASSETS
           Segment assets                                   7,769,095        5,561,489           27,273       13,357,857


           Unallocated property, plant and equipment                                                               1,238
           Unallocated right of use assets                                                                         5,376
           Unallocated prepayments, other receivables
              and deposits                                                                                       782,930
           Financial assets at FVPL                                                                            3,988,730
           Financial assets at FVOCI                                                                                 516
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                    40,424
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           3,493,642


           Consolidated total assets                                                                          21,670,713


           LIABILITIES
           Segment liabilities                              (1,577,392)      (1,150,187)         (18,167)     (2,745,746)


           Unallocated trade and other payables                                                                   (12,561)
           Unallocated lease liabilities                                                                           (5,866)
           Unallocated borrowings                                                                             (1,432,787)
           Current income tax liabilities                                                                       (682,124)
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (459,022)


           Consolidated total liabilities                                                                     (5,338,106)


           For the purpose of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

           •     all assets are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain property, plant and
                 equipment, prepayments, other receivables and deposits, right-of-use assets, financial assets at FVPL,
                 financial assets at FVOCI, deferred tax assets and cash and cash equivalents, term deposits; and

           •     all liabilities are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain trade and other
                 payables, lease liabilities, borrowings, convertible bonds, current income tax liabilities and deferred tax
                 liabilities.


134 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    (d) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
       Revenue of the Group is analysed as follows:

                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


       Content production                                                                 661,606           127,043
       Online streaming and advertising services                                          492,739         1,515,668
       Online gaming services                                                           2,148,973         1,991,719
       Sales of goods                                                                      39,657            36,330


                                                                                        3,342,975         3,670,760


    (e) Geographical information
       The Group’s operations are located in the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong for the years ended 31 December
       2025 and 2024.

       Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the location at which the
       goods or services are delivered or provided.

       The Group’s total revenue from sales of goods and provision of services by geographical location is detailed
       below:

                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


       Chinese Mainland                                                                 3,305,633         3,600,630
       Europe                                                                              13,594            15,937
       Hong Kong                                                                           10,614            46,412
       Others                                                                              13,134             7,781


                                                                                        3,342,975         3,670,760




                                                                             CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         135
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

       (e) Geographical information (Continued)
           The Group’s non-current assets excluding financial instruments and deferred tax assets by geographical location
           of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                                            31 December         31 December
                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


           Chinese Mainland                                                                     8,420,086          7,482,381
           Hong Kong                                                                               14,651              7,655


                                                                                                8,434,737          7,490,036


       (f) Liabilities related to contracts with customers

                                                                          31 December        31 December            1 January
                                                                                 2025               2024                2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


           Contract liabilities                                                  18,563             18,232              8,820


           Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
           The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-
           forward contract liabilities and how much it relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in prior years.

                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
             balance at the beginning of the period
             — Online streaming membership services                                                  9,876              6,943
             — Online gaming services                                                                7,588                 —


                                                                                                    17,464              6,943


           Unsatisfied performance obligations
           Unsatisfied performance obligations are rendered in short period of time, which is generally less than a year, and
           the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these
           types of contracts.




136 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    (g) Information about major customers
         During the year ended 31 December 2025, there are four customers individually contributed more than 10% of
         the Group’s revenue. The revenue from these customers during the year was approximately RMB738,656,000,
         RMB718,138,000, RMB450,000,000 and RMB326,509,000, accounting for 22%, 21%, 13% and 10% of
         the Group’s revenue, respectively. (2024: four customers, approximately RMB547,654,000, RMB417,271,000,
         RMB382,967,000 and RMB377,358,000, accounting for 15%, 11%, 10% and 10% of the Group’s revenue).



6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                            Furniture,
                                   Leasehold                Plant and    fixtures and        Network      Motor
                               improvements     Buildings   machinery     equipment        equipment     vehicles      Total
                                    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December
      2024
    Opening net book amount          32,155           —           42             758           2,788       8,402     44,145
    Additions                         9,770       52,292       1,025           2,285           4,172          —      69,544
    Currency translation
      differences                         —           —            —               12              2          —          14
    Depreciation charge
      (Note 28)                       (9,989)     (1,145)         (49)          (207)         (2,343)     (2,075)    (15,808)
    Disposals                         (5,684)         —            —              —               —           —       (5,684)
    Disposal of subsidiaries              —           —            —             (34)             —           —          (34)


    Closing net book amount          26,252       51,147       1,018           2,814           4,619       6,327     92,177


    As at 31 December 2024
    Cost                             38,112       52,292        2,386          4,065          58,762       9,832    165,449
    Accumulated depreciation        (11,860)      (1,145)      (1,368)        (1,251)        (54,143)     (3,505)   (73,272)


    Net book amount                  26,252       51,147       1,018           2,814           4,619       6,327     92,177




                                                                                         CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025       137
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                     Furniture,
                                           Leasehold                 Plant and    fixtures and      Network          Motor
                                       improvements     Buildings    machinery      equipment     equipment         vehicles        Total
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Year ended 31 December
          2025
       Opening net book amount                26,252      51,147         1,018           2,814        4,619           6,327         92,177
       Additions                               8,174          —              7             405        3,307             722         12,615
       Currency translation
          differences                             (1)          —            (1)            (16)           (1)            (7)           (26)
       Depreciation charge (Note 28)         (15,916)      (2,761)         (33)           (722)       (2,639)        (2,241)       (24,312)
       Disposals                                  —            —            —               —             (4)          (100)          (104)


       Closing net book amount                18,509      48,386          991            2,481        5,282           4,701         80,350


       As at 31 December 2025
       Cost                                   46,285      52,292         2,392           4,454        62,064         10,447        177,934
       Accumulated depreciation              (27,776)     (3,906)       (1,401)         (1,973)      (56,782)        (5,746)       (97,584)


       Net book amount                        18,509      48,386          991            2,481        5,282           4,701         80,350


       Depreciation charge of the Group was included in the following categories in the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss and other comprehensive income:

                                                                                                      31 December              31 December
                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Administrative expenses                                                                                   9,554               8,527
       Cost of revenue                                                                                          12,180               5,327
       Selling and marketing costs                                                                               2,578               1,954


                                                                                                                24,312              15,808




138 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




7   LEASE

    This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

    (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
         The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


         Right-of-use assets
         Building, office premises and plant                                                      55,305            63,500
         Warehouses                                                                                  277                —
         Motor vehicles                                                                              885               113


                                                                                                  56,467            63,613


         Lease liabilities
         Current                                                                                  23,522            28,366
         Non-current                                                                              27,628            37,311


                                                                                                  51,150            65,677


         Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2025 were approximately RMB28,928,000 (2024:
         RMB50,638,000).

         The right-of-use assets derecognized due to termination of lease during the year ended 31 December 2025 were
         approximately RMB3,563,000 (2024: RMB43,616,000).




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025           139
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   7   LEASE (Continued)

       (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
           Building, office premises and plant                                                     30,900            32,219
           Warehouses                                                                                  65                90
           Motor vehicles                                                                           1,466               135


                                                                                                   32,431            32,444


           Interest expenses on lease liabilities (Note 32)                                         5,809              3,046
           Expenses relating to short-term leases (included in administrative expenses)
             (Note 28)                                                                              2,321              3,980


           The total cash outflow for leases in 2025 was approximately RMB43,183,000 (2024: RMB33,939,000), and the
           amount offset against the lease liabilities from prepayment was approximately 4,759,000 (2024: Nil) (Note 35(c)).

       (c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
           The Group leases various warehouses and office premises for long-term contracts. Rental contracts are typically
           made for fixed periods of 2 to 7 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
           of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security
           interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets cannot be used as security for borrowing
           purposes.




140 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                 Other intangible assets

                                                                              Game source            Operating
                                              Goodwill        Software               code              licenses        Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December 2024
    Opening net book amount                 4,214,619                5,292                 —          674,557       679,849
    Additions                                      —                   395                 —               —             395
    Acquired from business combination        229,046                   32            39,940               —         39,972
    Amortisation charge (Note 28)                  —                (2,649)            (1,997)             —          (4,646)


    Closing net book amount                 4,443,665               3,070             37,943          674,557       715,570


    As at 31 December 2024
    Cost                                    4,443,665           13,424                39,940          674,557       727,921
    Accumulated amortisation                       —           (10,354)               (1,997)              —        (12,351)


    Net book amount                         4,443,665               3,070             37,943          674,557       715,570


                                                                               Other intangible assets

                                                                                      Copyrights
                                                                    Game               and game        Operating
                                         Goodwill    Software source code                licenses        licenses     Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December 2025
    Opening net book amount              4,443,665         3,070            37,943             —         674,557     715,570
    Additions                                   —             —                 —          45,237             —       45,237
    Amortisation charge (Note 28)               —         (2,464)           (3,994)       (11,252)            —      (17,710)


    Closing net book amount              4,443,665          606             33,949         33,985        674,557     743,097


    As at 31 December 2025
    Cost                                 4,443,665        13,424            39,940         45,237        674,557     773,158
    Accumulated amortisation                    —        (12,818)           (5,991)       (11,252)            —      (30,061)


    Net book amount                      4,443,665          606             33,949         33,985        674,557     743,097




                                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025         141
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

       For the year ended 31 December 2025, amortisation of approximately RMB15,250,000 and RMB2,460,000 were
       included in “cost of revenue” and “administrative expenses” (2024: approximately RMB2,052,000 and RMB2,594,000
       were included in “cost of revenue” and “administrative expenses”) respectively in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss and other comprehensive income.

       Operating licenses with indefinite useful life which is not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
       impairment.

       Impairment review on the goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life of the Group was conducted by
       management with the assistance of an independent professional valuer as at 31 December 2025, according to HKAS
       36 “Impairment of assets”. For the purpose of impairment review, the recoverable amount of the CGUs is the higher of
       its fair value less costs of disposal and its VIU.

       For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life have been allocated
       to three CGUs (namely the CGUs of content production business, online streaming services business and online gaming
       business carried out by Beijing C4-Games Technology Co., Ltd (“Online gaming business”).

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       Goodwill:
         Content production business (Note a)                                                   3,278,395         3,278,395
         Online streaming services business (Note a)                                              936,224           936,224


                                                                                                4,214,619         4,214,619
         Online gaming business                                                                   229,046           229,046


                                                                                                4,443,665         4,443,665


       Operating licenses with indefinite useful life:
         Online streaming services business (Note a)                                              674,557           674,557


       (a)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there was goodwill and operating licenses with indefinite useful life with
             carrying amount of approximately RMB4,214,619,000 and RMB674,557,000 respectively, arisen from the
             acquisition of Virtual Cinema in the previous year.




142 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    The Group has determined the recoverable amount of the respective CGUs based on VIU calculations which uses cash
    flows projections based on financial budget prepared by management covering a five-year period with a terminal value
    related to the future cash flows extrapolated using the estimated terminal growth rates beyond the 5-year period.

    For the impairment testing of the CGUs of content production business and online streaming services business, the key
    underlying assumptions adopted as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are summarised below:

                                                           CGU of content production CGU of online streaming
                                                                   business             services business
                                                           31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
                                                                  2025          2024       2025           2024


    Compound annual growth rate of revenue for
      the five-year period (%)                                         48              80              46               13
    Gross profit margin for five-year period (%)                 29 to 43        31 to 57        39 to 60         55 to 59
    Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                          21              21              35               37
    Terminal growth rate (%)                                            2               3               2                3


    Management has determined the values assigned to each of the above key assumptions as follows:

    (i) Revenue growth rate
         For content production business, revenue for the five-year period is forecasted by management based on the
         number of films and television programmes in different stages (including those to be released, under production,
         in script development and pre-planning stage), and taking reference to estimated films’ box offices and television
         programmes’ selling prices of similar genres, directors, casting and investment costs, etc.

         For online streaming services business, revenue for the five-year period is forecasted by management based on
         the acquisition of paid memberships as well as high quality licenses procured from different major international
         and domestic leading copyright suppliers, all of which were empowered by the pumpkin films online streaming
         platform and experiences and knowledge of key management team of the online streaming services business
         who have years of experiences in the industry and have been involved with the online streaming services business
         before the acquisition.

         When estimating the revenue of the five-year period, management also took reference to the industry outlook of
         the PRC’s films and television programmes market.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025           143
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

       (ii) Gross profit margin
            For content production business, the budgeted gross margin of the five-year period between 29% and 43% (2024:
            between 31% and 57%) was determined by the management based on past performance, the current market
            conditions and its expectation for market development.

            For online streaming services business, the budgeted gross margin of the five-year period between 39% and 60% (2024:
            between 55% and 59%) was determined by the management based on past performance, the current market
            conditions and its expectation for market development.

       (iii) Terminal growth rate
            Cash flows of content production business and online streaming business beyond the five-year period are
            extrapolated using the estimated terminal growth rates of 2% (2024: 3%).

       (iv) Pre-tax discount rate
            The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects market assessments of the time value and the specific risks relating
            to the industry. The management has taken into account the expected recovery of the PRC’s pan-entertainment
            industry when applying the pre-tax discount rate.

       For the impairment testing of the CGU of online gaming business, the key underlying assumptions adopted as at 31
       December 2025 are summarised below:

       (i) Revenue growth rate
            Compound annual growth rate of revenue for the five-year period was determined to be 8% (2024: 30%).
            Revenue for the five-year period is forecasted by management based on past performance and their expectation
            of future business plans and market development. When estimating the revenue of the five-year period,
            management also took reference to the industry outlook of the PRC’s online gaming market.

       (ii) Gross profit margin
            The budgeted gross margin of the five-year period between 55% and 88% (2024: between 62% and 75%) was
            determined by the management based on past performance, the current market conditions and its expectation
            for market development.

       (iii) Terminal growth rate
            Cash flows of online gaming business beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated terminal
            growth rates of 3% (2024: 3%).

       (iv) Pre-tax discount rate
            The rate used of 25% (2024: 34%) is pre-tax and reflects market assessments of the time value and the specific
            risks relating to the industry. The management has taken into account the expected recovery of the PRC’s pan-
            entertainment industry when applying the pre-tax discount rate.




144 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    With regard to the assessment of the value-in-use, management believes that no reasonably possible change
    in any of the above key assumptions would cause the carrying amount of the CGUs to exceed their respective
    recoverable amounts. As at 31 December 2025, the recoverable amount of the CGUs of content production business,
    online streaming services business and online gaming business were approximately RMB7,416,971,000 (2024:
    RMB6,713,651,000), RMB3,003,897,000 (2024: RMB3,207,991,000),and RMB379,064,000 (2024: RMB317,565,000)
    respectively.

    The amounts are estimated to exceed the carrying amounts of the CGUs as at 31 December 2025 by approximately
    RMB813,468,000 (2024: RMB643,113,000), RMB396,095,000 (2024: RMB468,592,000), and RMB49,933,000 (2024:
    RMB36,519,000) respectively. Based on above assessment, the directors of the Company have concluded that no
    impairment was required to be recognised for the goodwill and other intangible assets as of 31 December 2025 and
    2024.



9   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


    At the beginning of the year                                                           33,799            34,014
    Additions (Note b)                                                                  1,477,095                —
    Share of post-tax profit/(loss) of associates                                         201,249              (215)


    At the end of the year                                                              1,712,143            33,799




                                                                              CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025        145
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   9   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)

       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had interests in the following associates:

                                         Place of
                                         incorporation                                            Percentage of ownership
                                         and kind of legal     Principal           Registered/     interest attributable to
       Name                              entity                activities        issued capital           the Group
                                                                                                   2025.12.31       2024.12.31


       Sichuan Wenyoudao Film and        The PRC, limited      Media and film    RMB3,000,000            49%             49%
          Television Culture Co., Ltd.     liability company    production
          (“Sichuan Wenyoudao”)
       Fengchuibudong Pictures (Haikou) The PRC, limited       Media and film    RMB5,000,000            20%             20%
          Co., Ltd.                        liability company    production
       Xihuanjijie (Tianjin) Culture and The PRC, limited      Media and film   RMB10,000,000            20%             20%
          Entertainment Co., Ltd.          liability company    production
       Beijingchuangwai Film and         The PRC, limited      Media and film      RMB555,600           10%              10%
          Television Culture Media Co.,    liability company    production                           (Note a)         (Note a)
          Ltd.
       Beijing Yonghang Technology Co., The PRC, limited       Software          RMB18,668,743           30%               —
          Ltd. (“Beijing Yonghang”)        liability company      development                      (Note b(i))
                                                                  and promotion
       Kuai Qian Financial Services       The PRC, limited     Financial        RMB482,745,534          40%                —
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Kuaiqian”) liability company      information                     (Note b(ii))
                                                                  services
       Kuaipay Coinlink Technology Hong HongKong, limited      Financial         HKD25,000,000           25%               —
         Kong Limited (Kuaipay”)          liability company       Technology                      (Note b(iii))


       (a)    The Group holds less than 20% of the ownership interest of the entity, however the Group has significant
              influence in the entity as the Group has the right to appoint director to the board of the entity.

       (b)    Total additions of approximately RMB1,477,095,000 during the year ended 31 December 2025 is comprised of:

                                                                                                                    RMB’000


              — Beijing Yonghang (Note i)                                                                            825,000
              — Kuaiqian (Note ii)                                                                                   646,380
              — Kuaipay (Note iii)                                                                                     5,715


              Total                                                                                                1,477,095




146 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




9   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)

    (i)    In April 2025, the Group completed its acquisition of 30% equity interest of Beijing Yonghang, which mainly
           engaged in the development of mobile games, for a total consideration of approximately RMB825,000,000,
           comprising (1) cash consideration of approximately RMB742,500,000; and (2) equity consideration of
           approximately HK$89,173,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB82,500,000) from the issuance of 36,666,667
           shares of the Company at the price of HK$2.432 per share.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the aforementioned issuance of shares was completed with share
           issuance costs of approximately RMB35,000, and approximately RMB82,500,000 of the aforementioned cash
           consideration was settled with the remaining cash consideration of approximately RMB660,000,000 (Note 26)
           remained payable as at 31 December 2025.

    (ii)   In July 2025, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Shanghai Wanda Network Financial
           Services Co., Ltd. (“Wanda Network”), pursuant to which the Group has conditionally agreed to acquire a 30%
           equity interest in Kuaiqian, at a total consideration of RMB240,000,000. The consideration consists of:

           (1)   refundable deposits amounting to approximately RMB190,000,000 were settled via transfer from loans to
                 third parties of the equivalent amount. The deposits were previously disclosed as refundable deposits of
                 RMB199,000,000, with approximately RMB9,000,000 of deposit interest waived.

           (2)   a cash consideration of approximately RMB33,000,000(Note 26), which remained payable as of 31
                 December 2025 and is scheduled to be settled in July 2026 pursuant to the equity transfer agreement; and

           (3)   a contingent consideration of approximately RMB17,000,000, arising from a contractual provision that,
                 on or before 13 August 2027, if Wanda Network, Kuaiqian Group, or any of its subsidiaries incurs trigger
                 events as specified in the agreement, the Group shall be entitled to deduct a certain amount from the
                 outstanding consideration till the total consideration be fully offset. The fair value of the contingent
                 consideration as of 31 December 2025 was valued by an independent external valuer. A significant
                 unobservable input to the model as of that date was the probability of trigger events being incurred.

           As Kuaiqian primarily provides comprehensive cross-border payment solutions, the acquisition is subject to the
           fulfillment of a number of conditions, including but not limited to the approval of the People’s Bank of China.
           The transaction has not been completed until 11 December 2025 (the “Completion Date”).

           In September 2025, the Group entered into separate share purchase agreements with the other two shareholders
           of Kuaiqian. Pursuant to the agreements, the Group acquired 8.5594% and 1.4406% equity interests in Kuaiqian
           held by two shareholders respectively, representing a total of 10% equity interests, for a total cash consideration
           of RMB185,000,000, which has been fully paid in September 2025, and the investment was initially classified and
           accounted for at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025           147
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   9   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD(Continued)

       (ii)    From the Completion Date onwards, the Group is able to exercise significant influence over Kuaiqian, and has
               recognised the total aggregate amount of approximately RMB646,380,000 as the initial cost of investment in an
               associate:

               (1)   approximately RMB190,000,000 of loan to a third party;

               (2)   approximately RMB406,380,000 of the Group’s investments in Kuaiqian recognised as financial assets at
                     fair value through profit or loss as at the Completion Date (Note 17);

               (3)   cash consideration payable of approximately RMB33,000,000 (Note 26); and

               (4)   the provisional fair value of contingent consideration payable of RMB17,000,000.

       (iii)   In September 2025, the Group completed its acquisition of 25% equity interest of Kuaipay, a Hong Kong
               indirect subsidiary of Kuaiqian, at a total cash consideration of HK$6,250,000 (equivalent to approximately
               RMB5,715,000), which has been fully paid in September 2025.

       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the total investing cash outflow totaling RMB88,250,000 in respect of the
       acquisitions of Yonghang, Kuaiqian and Kuaipay amounted to RMB82,535,000, nil and RMB5,715,000, respectively, as
       detailed in above Note 9(b).

       The tables below provide summarized financial information for those associates acquired during the year ended
       31 December 2025. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the relevant
       associates and not the Group’s share of those amounts. The amounts have been amended to reflect adjustments made
       by the entity when using the equity method, including fair value adjustments.




148 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




9   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD(Continued)

                                                                                            Combined
                                                                                          Year ended
                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                2025
                                                                                             RMB’000


    Summarized statements of financial position
    Current assets                                                                          3,358,077
    Non-current assets                                                                      1,508,626
    Current liabilities                                                                    (2,171,700)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                  (370,182)


    Net assets                                                                              2,324,821


    Reconciliation to carrying amounts
    Opening net (liabilities)/assets at 1 January                                                  —
    Opening net assets at acquisition date                                                  1,649,390
    Profit for the year                                                                       675,431


    Closing net assets at 31 December                                                       2,324,821


    Percentage of interest                                                                 30%–40%
    Group’s share of net assets                                                              799,789
    Goodwill                                                                                 873,704
    Carrying amount                                                                        1,673,493




                                                                       CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025    149
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   10 INVENTORIES

                                                                                              31 December   31 December
                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


       Raw materials                                                                                  809            670
       Work in progress                                                                               182            115
       Finished goods                                                                               2,048          2,089


                                                                                                    3,039          2,874


       (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income
            The cost of inventories recognised as expense and included in “cost of revenue” during the year ended 31
            December 2025 amounting to approximately RMB18,696,000 (2024: RMB18,253,000) (Note 28).

       (b) For the year ended 31 December 2025, there is no provision for obsolete inventories (2024: Nil) was recognised
            in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




150 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




11 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

   The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                              31 December    31 December
                                                                                     2025           2024
                                                                 Notes            RMB’000        RMB’000


   Financial assets

   Financial assets at amortised cost
     Other receivables and deposits                               14             1,403,680     1,617,679
     Trade and bills receivables                                  16             2,517,984     2,956,914
     Cash and cash equivalents                                    18             6,286,066     3,493,642
     Term deposits                                                18               957,718            —

   Financial assets at FVOCI
     Listed fund                                                  12                  513              516

   Financial assets at FVPL
     Investments in listed equity securities                      17               206,362        28,592
     Film rights investments                                      17                64,648       120,265
     Investments in unlisted funds                                17             5,004,004     1,207,618
     Investments in unlisted companies                            17             2,571,856     2,596,314
     Investments in unlisted bonds                                17                27,310        35,941


                                                                                19,040,141    12,057,481


   Financial liabilities

   Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
     Borrowings                                                   22               732,961     1,700,864
     Film and television programmes investment funds
        from investors                                            25               673,136       743,375
     Trade payables                                               24               530,859       835,888
     Other payables (excluding provisions for other taxes and
        accrued salaries)                                         26             1,323,041       654,702
     Lease liabilities                                             7                51,150        65,677
     Convertible bonds                                            27             1,922,522            —

   Financial liability at FVPL
     Contingent consideration payable (Note 9(b)(ii))                               17,000              —


                                                                                 5,250,669     4,000,506



                                                                         CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025    151
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
      INCOME

                                                                31 December   31 December
                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000


       Listed fund                                                     513           516



   13 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                31 December   31 December
                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000


       Current portion
       Prepayments for:
         — Film and television programmes rights                    129,840       161,607
         — Gaming production and promotion fees                     248,004        68,084
         — Film directors’ fees                                          —          4,000
       Prepayment to related parties (Note 36(d))
         — Film and television programmes rights                      7,241         1,000
         — Revenue sharing to content providers                      21,178            —
         — Gaming promotion and other expenses                           —            411
       Deductible value-added tax                                    26,185        32,365
       Others                                                         8,491         9,424


                                                                    440,939       276,891


       Non-current portion
       Prepayments for:
         — Licensed film and television programmes rights            16,984       195,773
         — Film and television programmes rights                     23,400            —


                                                                     40,384       195,773


       Total                                                        481,323       472,664




152 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




14 OTHER RECEIVABLES AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


   Amounts due from related parties (Note 36(d))                                              16,338             57,083
   Receivables from investments in film and television programmes rights (a)               1,003,044          1,064,144
   Loans to third parties (b)                                                                258,271            436,857
   Receivables from redemption of investments funds (c)                                      237,770                 —
   Others                                                                                     95,644            142,530


                                                                                           1,611,067          1,700,614
   Less: Impairment for other receivables and deposits (Note 3.1(d))                        (207,387)            (82,935)


                                                                                           1,403,680          1,617,679
   Less: non-current portion                                                                  (5,457)            (6,106)


                                                                                           1,398,223          1,611,573


   (a)   The receivables are interest-bearing at fixed rates between 5% to 15% and repayable within 12 months. Balances
         of RMB39,693,000 are secured with certain assets and the remaining are unsecured.

   (b)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the balances are interest-bearing at fixed rates between 3% to 8% and
         repayable within 12 months commencing from the date of the loans. Balances of RMB100,000,000 are secured
         with certain equity or assets and the remaining are unsecured.

   (c)   The receivables represent the redemption of investments fund and were settled on 2 January 2026.



15 FILM AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMES RIGHTS

                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


   Film and television programmes rights completed                                           907,184            790,785
   Film and television programmes rights under production                                  2,286,083          2,163,047
   Licensed film and television programmes rights                                            410,912            794,614


                                                                                           3,604,179          3,748,446
   Less: Current portion                                                                  (2,251,005)        (1,809,113)


                                                                                           1,353,174          1,939,333


                                                                                CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025          153
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   15 FILM AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMES RIGHTS (Continued)

       Movements in the Group’s film and television programmes rights were as follows:

                                                         Film and          Film and          Licensed
                                                        television        television          film and
                                                     programmes        programmes           television
                                                            rights     rights under      programmes
                                                       completed         production              rights      Total
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2024                               503,432         1,787,553           439,320     2,730,305
       Additions                                          125,526           694,994         1,118,719     1,939,239
       Transfer from prepayment                                —                 —              4,053         4,053
       Charged as expenses included in cost of
         revenue (Note 28)                                 (99,132)              —           (767,478)     (866,610)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                 —           (58,541)               —         (58,541)
       Transfer                                           260,959          (260,959)               —              —


       As at 31 December 2024                             790,785         2,163,047           794,614     3,748,446


       As at 1 January 2025                               790,785         2,163,047           794,614     3,748,446
       Additions                                           44,758           422,797           446,700       914,255
       Transfer from prepayment                                —             99,057           184,699       283,756
       Charged as expenses included in cost of
         revenue (Note 28)                               (327,177)               —         (1,015,101)    (1,342,278)
       Transfer                                           398,818          (398,818)               —              —


       As at 31 December 2025                             907,184         2,286,083           410,912     3,604,179




154 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




15 FILM AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMES RIGHTS (Continued)

   (a) Impairment assessment of film and television programmes
      (i)   Licensed film and television programmes
            For licensed film and television programmes, no impairment indicator has been identified by management
            during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

      (ii) Film and television programmes rights under production and completed
            For film and television programmes rights under production and the completed ones treated as intangible
            assets with impairment indicators identified, management has performed impairment assessment using the
            VIU method, which is calculated based on the present value of future cash flows directly generated by the
            relevant film and television programmes rights.

            When estimating the future cash flows to be generated by the relevant film and television programmes
            rights, management considers inputs including but not limited to revenue streams from different
            distribution channels such as theatrical release, television release or internet release, the expected timing of
            various revenue streams, and production and distribution costs.

            When discounting the future cash flows in the VIU projections, management has used pre-tax discount
            rates primarily ranging from 23.07% to 24.17% (2024: 22.34% to 23.43%), which reflected time value of
            money and specific risks of the relevant industries.

            For film and television programmes rights under production, no impairment was recognised during the
            years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 based on management’s assessment.

            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no impairment indicator was identified for film and
            television programmes rights completed.




                                                                                  CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025            155
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   16 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


       Trade receivables from third parties                                                 2,023,088         1,959,897
       Trade receivables from related parties (Note 36 (d))                                   822,507         1,293,821


                                                                                            2,845,595         3,253,718
       Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables (Note 3.1(d))                     (327,611)         (296,804)


                                                                                            2,517,984         2,956,914


       (a)   Trade and bills receivables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


             — RMB                                                                          2,513,814         2,940,058
             — HK$                                                                                 —             13,509
             — US$                                                                              4,170             3,347


                                                                                            2,517,984         2,956,914


       (b)   Trade and bills receivables mainly arose from the provision of content production, online gaming and online
             streaming services. The following is an aging analysis of trade and bills receivables net of allowance for
             impairment, based on the recognition date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


             Within 90 days                                                                   675,911         1,451,743
             91 days to 180 days                                                              242,070            94,453
             181 days to 365 days                                                             705,411           741,054
             1 year to 2 years                                                                593,202           441,263
             Over 2 years                                                                     301,390           228,401


                                                                                            2,517,984         2,956,914




156 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




17 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non-current assets
   Investments in unlisted funds                                                               1,706,143        512,318
   Investments in unlisted companies                                                           2,571,856      2,596,314
   Investments in listed equity securities                                                            —           8,788


                                                                                               4,277,999      3,117,420


   Current assets
   Film rights investments                                                                        64,648        120,265
   Investments in listed equity securities                                                       206,362         19,804
   Investments in unlisted bonds                                                                  27,310         35,941
   Investment in unlisted funds                                                                3,297,861        695,300


                                                                                               3,596,181        871,310


                                                                                               7,874,180      3,988,730


   Movements in the Group’s financial assets of fair value through profit or loss were as follows:

                                                                                            Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                           31 December      31 December
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


   At the beginning of the year                                                                3,988,730      3,514,380
   Additions                                                                                   5,871,232      1,106,225
   Disposal                                                                                   (2,654,804)      (485,749)
   Transfer to an investment accounted for using the equity method (Note 9(b)(ii))              (406,380)            —
   Net fair value changes in financial assets at FVPL (Note 31)                                1,169,262       (156,927)
   Currency translation differences                                                              (93,860)        10,801


   At the end of the year                                                                      7,874,180      3,988,730




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025     157
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   18 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT AND TERM DEPOSITS

                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


       Cash at banks and on hand                                                              7,243,784        3,493,642
       Less：
       Term deposits with original maturity of more than three months                          (957,718)              —


                                                                                              6,286,066        3,493,642


       The carrying amounts of Cash at banks and on hand are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


       — US$                                                                                  4,688,745        1,587,267
       — RMB                                                                                  1,575,182        1,208,782
       — HK$                                                                                    979,759          697,592
       — EUR                                                                                         98                1


                                                                                              7,243,784        3,493,642


       As at 31 December 2025, the Group has cash and bank balances amounting to approximately RMB1,572,569,000 (2024:
       RMB1,092,714,000) which are held in the PRC. These cash and bank balances are subject to the rules and regulations
       of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government.




158 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




19 SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

  Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

                                                                       Number of             Share              Share
                                                                  ordinary shares           capital          premium
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


  As at 1 January 2024                                             11,585,897,545           222,761        11,664,209

  Issuance of ordinary shares (a)                                   2,753,029,307            50,683         5,405,451


  As at 1 January 2025                                             14,338,926,852           273,444        17,069,660

  Issuance of ordinary shares (b)(c)(d)
     — Share placing                                                2,425,021,096            44,415         5,522,286
     — Acquisition of Beijing Yonghang (Note 9(b)(i))                  36,666,667               682            81,783


  As at 31 December 2025                                           16,800,614,615           318,541        22,673,729


  (a)   On 4 July 2023, the Company entered into share subscription agreements pursuant to which a maximum of
        2,500,000,000 placing shares could be issued at the subscription prices of HK$1.6 per share.

        During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company issued the remaining 918,750,000 placing shares under
        the aforementioned subscription agreements at the subscription prices of HK$1.6 per share, with gross proceeds
        of approximately HK$1,470,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,337,627,000). After netting off these
        gross proceeds with share issuance costs, the respective share capital amount was approximately RMB16,720,000
        and share premium arising from the issuance was approximately RMB1,319,519,000. The share issuance costs
        mainly include lawyers’ fees and other related costs, which are incremental costs directly attributable to the
        issuance of the new shares and therefore treated as a deduction against the share premium arising from the
        issuance.

        During the year ended 31 December 2024, warrants issued by the Company for the acquisition of Virtual
        Cinema in 2021, which were fully exercised. The Company issued 1,834,279,307 shares at the subscription
        prices of HK$0.96 per share, with gross proceeds of approximately HK$1,760,908,000 (equivalent to
        approximately RMB1,630,249,000) and transfer of contingent consideration payable amounting to approximately
        RMB2,490,116,000 from financial liabilities to equity. The derecognition of the liabilities and the transfer to
        equity caused the share premium to increase by approximately RMB2,490,116,000. After netting off these gross
        proceeds with share issuance costs, the respective share capital amount was approximately RMB33,963,000 and
        share premium arising from the issuance was approximately RMB1,595,816,000. Among the total net proceeds,
        approximately RMB1,589,504,000 were settled in 2024 and approximately RMB40,745,000 of receivables from
        Pumpkin Films Limited, a company controlled by Mr. Ke Liming (“Mr. Ke”) (Note 36(d)), were settled in January
        2025.




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025          159
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   19 SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM (Continued)

       (b)    On 28 January 2025, the Company entered into share placing and subscription agreements pursuant to which a
              maximum of 1,635,021,096 placing shares could be issued at the subscription prices of HK$2.37 per share.

              During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued a total of 1,635,021,096 placing shares under
              the aforementioned subscription agreements at the subscription prices of HK$2.37 per share with gross proceeds
              of approximately HK$3,875,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,560,946,000). After netting off these
              gross proceeds with share issuance costs, the respective share capital amount was approximately RMB 30,050,000
              and share premium arising from the issuance was approximately RMB3,530,195,000. The share issuance costs
              mainly include lawyers’ fees and other related costs, which are incremental costs directly attributable to the
              issuance of the new shares. These share issuance costs were treated as a deduction against the share premium
              arising from the issuance.

       (c)    In April 2025, the Company issued 36,666,667 shares at the subscription prices of HK$2.432 per share as part of
              the consideration for the acquisition of Beijing Yonghang (Note 9(b)(i)). The respective share capital amount was
              approximately RMB682,000 and share premium arisen from the issuance was approximately RMB81,783,000.
              The share issuance costs mainly included lawyers’ fees and other related costs, which were incremental costs
              directly attributable to the issuance of the new shares and therefore treated as a deduction against the share
              premium arising from the issuance.

       (d)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued a total of 790,000,000 placing shares under the
              subscription agreements with gross proceeds of approximately HK$2,210,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
              RMB2,009,618,000). After netting off these gross proceeds with share issuance costs, the respective share capital
              amount was approximately RMB14,365,000 and share premium arising from the issuance was approximately
              RMB1,992,091,000. The share issuance costs mainly include lawyers’ fees and other related costs, which are
              incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of the new shares. These share issuance costs were treated
              as a deduction against the share premium arising from the issuance.

              The directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.



   20 OTHER RESERVES
                                                                                                       Share
                                          Financial                                    Statutory      option           Enterprise
                                          assets at Special    Capital   Translation     reserve     reserve Reserve   expansion
                                             FVOCI  reserve    Surplus       reserve    (Note a)    (Note b)   fund       reserve  Total
                                         RMB’000 RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000

       Balance as at 1 January 2024         (338)    18,888     9,471     (211,210)       6,368    182,178     1,153      1,152     7,662
       Changes in the fair value of
         debt instruments at FVOCI             (7)       —         —             —           —          —         —         —           (7)
       Currency translation difference        11         —         —        (25,202)         —          —         —         —     (25,191)
       Employees share option
         scheme:
         — share-based
              compensation expenses           —          —         —             —           —      67,272        —          —    67,272

       Balance as at 31 December
         2024                               (334)    18,888     9,471     (236,412)       6,368    249,450     1,153      1,152   49,736


160 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




20 OTHER RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                  Share
                                       Financial                                   Statutory     option         Enterprise Convertible
                                       assets at    Special    Capital Translation   reserve    reserve Reserve expansion      bonds
                                          FVOCI     reserve    Surplus     reserve (Note a)    (Note b)    fund   reserve     reserve      Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


   Balance as at 1 January 2025            (334)     18,888      9,471    (236,412)    6,368   249,450     1,153     1,152        —       49,736
   Changes in the fair value of debt
      instruments at FVOCI                   10          —          —           —         —         —         —         —         —            10
   Currency translation difference          (13)         —          —     (168,302)       —         —         —         —         —      (168,315)
   Employees share option scheme:
      — share-based
            compensation expenses            —           —          —           —         —     50,317        —         —         —       50,317
      — Issuance of
            convertible bonds
            (Note 27)                        —           —          —           —         —         —         —         —    195,915     195,915


   Balance as at 31 December 2025          (337)     18,888      9,471    (404,714)    6,368   299,767     1,153     1,152   195,915     127,663


   (a)     Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and the provision of the articles of association of the
           Group’s subsidiaries, the Group’s subsidiaries which are registered in the PRC shall appropriate certain percentage
           of profit after tax (after offsetting any accumulated losses brought forward from prior years) calculated under
           the accounting principles generally applicable to the PRC enterprises to reserve funds. Depending on the nature,
           the reserve fund can be used to set off accumulated losses of the subsidiaries or distribute to owners in form of
           bonus issue.

   (b)     The share option reserve represents the fair value of the number of unexercised share options granted to
           employees of the Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for share-based
           payments in Note 2.2.16.



21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
   2013 Share option scheme
   A share option scheme was approved on 31 October 2013 by the shareholders of the Company (“2013 Share Option
   Scheme”). Share options are granted to selected eligible participants. The options have a contractual option term of ten
   years. The Company does not have a legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.

   On 26 November 2021, options of 181,917,000 shares were conditionally granted under the 2013 Share Option
   Scheme and the exercisable period is from 26 November 2022 to 25 November 2031.

   No share option granted was exercised during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025              161
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

       2013 Share option scheme (Continued)
       (a) Set out below are summaries of options granted under the 2013 Share Option Scheme:

                                                                    2025                             2024
                                                            Average                          Average
                                                       exercise price                   exercise price
                                                           per share      Number of         per share        Number of
                                                              option         options           option           options
                                                               (HK$)     (thousands)            (HK$)       (thousands)


            As at 1 January                                      3.43        181,228            3.43          181,917
            Granted during the year                                —              —               —                —
            Exercised during the year                              —              —               —                —
            Forfeited during the year                              —              —             3.43             (689)


            Outstanding as at 31 December                        3.43        181,228            3.43          181,228


            Exercisable as at 31 December                                    108,737                            54,368


       (b) The terms and conditions at the date of grants are as follows:

                                               Number of
            Options granted to                    options                                           Contractual life
            eligible participants:            (thousands)     Vesting conditions                    of options


            — on 26 November 2021                 181,917 5% after one year, 10% after two years, 10 years
                                                           15% after three years, 30% after four    commencing on
                                                           years and 40% after five years from the the date of grant
                                                           date of grant

            The total number of share options of the Share Option Scheme outstanding was 181,228,000 and the exercise
            price was HK$3.43.




162 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

   2013 Share option scheme (Continued)
   (c) Fair value of share options and assumptions
        The fair values of services received in return for share options granted are measured by reference to the fair value
        of share options granted. The estimates of the fair value of the share options granted are measured based on
        a Binomial Option Pricing Model. The contractual lives of the share option are used as an input into this model.
        Expectations of early exercise are incorporated into the Binomial Option Pricing Model.

        Fair value of share options and assumptions

        Date granted                                                                                  26 November 2021


        Fair value at measurement date                                                                  HK$1.87–HK$1.95
        Share price at grant date                                                                               HK$3.43
        Exercise price                                                                                          HK$3.43
        Expected volatility                                                                              53.72%–56.27%
        Option life                                                                                             10 years
        Dividend yield                                                                                              0%
        Risk-free interest rate                                                                            1.29%–1.46%

        The expected volatilities are based on the historic volatilities (calculated based on the weighted average remaining
        lives of the share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatilities based on publicly available
        information. Dividend yield based on estimated dividends. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could
        materially affect the fair value estimate.

        Share options were granted under certain service condition. This condition has not been taken into account in the
        grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the
        share option grants.

        For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total share-based payment expenses is recognised in respect of these
        share options granted in prior year amounted to approximately RMB50,317,000 (2024: RMB67,272,000).

   2023 Share option scheme
   2013 Share Option Scheme was terminated by a resolution passed in the annual general meeting of the Company held
   on 28 June 2023. (the “2023 AGM”). A new share option scheme (“2023 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted at the
   2023 AGM, for the primary purpose of enabling the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentives or
   rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group, and which will expire 10 years after the date of
   adoption (i.e. 27 June 2033).

   The Company has not granted any share option under the 2023 Share Option Scheme during the years ended 31
   December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025           163
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   22 BORROWINGS

                                                                                         31 December        31 December
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


       Non-current other borrowings:
        — Unsecured with guarantee (a)                                                          69,398           65,647
        — Unsecured without guarantee (b)                                                           —           414,174


                                                                                                69,398          479,821


       Current bank and other borrowings:
         — Unsecured with guarantee — other borrowing (a)                                       22,520            22,520
         — Unsecured without guarantee — other borrowing (b)                                   442,543         1,018,613
         — Unsecured with guarantee — bank borrowing (c)                                        65,000             5,000
         — Secured bank borrowings (d)                                                         133,500           174,910


                                                                                               663,563         1,221,043


       Total borrowings                                                                        732,961         1,700,864


       (a)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the borrowing was denominated in RMB with fixed interest rate of 7.5% per
             annum and guaranteed by Mr. Ke, a director of the Company. The borrowing was originally repayable in October
             2024. Pursuant to an extension of borrowing before 31 December 2024, the repayment date of the borrowing
             was extended to October 2027.

       (b)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the borrowing was denominated in HK$ and non-interest bearing.

             The entire borrowing was originally repayable in August 2026. In December 2024, the lender agreed to reduce
             the principal amount in exchange for an accelerated payment schedule. In 2025, the loan of RMB1,018,613,000
             was repaid on time according to the contract with approximately RMB 442,543,000 left to be repaid in 2026.

             During the year ended 31 December 2024, as a result of the aforementioned modification, remeasurement gains
             amounting to approximately RMB55,140,000 were recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
             other comprehensive income and included in “Other gain/(loss) — net”.

             Imputed interest has been deducted from the principal and recognised as imputed interest income at initial
             recognisation and subsequently amortised as imputed interest expenses in “Finance income — net” until
             maturity.

       (c)   As at 31 December 2025, the borrowing is denominated in RMB with fixed interest rate of 2.50% to 2.90% per
             annum (2024: 2.50%), and repayable within 1 year.




164 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




22 BORROWING (Continued)

   (d)   As at 31 December 2025, the borrowings were denominated in RMB with fixed interest rates of 2.80% to 2.90%
         (2024: 2.95% to 3.25%) per annum. The borrowings were secured by certain trade receivables, and repayable
         within 1 year.

         The Group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                            31 December          31 December
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


         Within 1 year                                                                             663,563          1,221,043
         Between 2 and 5 years                                                                      69,398            479,821


         Total borrowings                                                                          732,961          1,700,864



23 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current income tax
   assets against current income tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate to the same fiscal authority.

                                                                                            31 December          31 December
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


   Before offsetting
     — Deferred tax assets                                                                         136,211             89,534
     — Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (476,962)          (508,132)

   After offsetting
     — Deferred tax assets                                                                          95,917             40,424
     — Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (436,668)          (459,022)




                                                                                     CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025            165
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   23 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

       The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to offsetting of balances within the same taxation jurisdiction
       were as follows:

       Deferred tax assets
                                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


       The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
         — Loss allowance for trade and other receivables                                            104,448             69,064
         — Lease liabilities                                                                          10,322             15,467
         — Advertising and promotional costs                                                          21,441              5,003


       Total                                                                                         136,211             89,534


                                                     Loss allowance                           Advertising
                                                           for trade                                 and
                                                          and other                          promotional
                                                        receivables Lease liabilities               costs              Total
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2024                                   36,042             11,829                  —             47,871
       Credit to the consolidated statement of
         profit or loss and other comprehensive
         income                                               33,022               3,638             5,003             41,663


       As at 31 December 2024                                 69,064             15,467              5,003             89,534


       As at 1 January 2025                                   69,064             15,467              5,003             89,534
       Credit/(charged) to the consolidated
         statement of profit or loss and other
         comprehensive income                                 35,384              (5,145)           16,438             46,677


       As at 31 December 2025                                104,448             10,322             21,441            136,211




166 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




23 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                        31 December     31 December
                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


   The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
     — Cost of film and television programmes rights                                       (239,603)       (243,783)
     — Amortisation of intangible assets                                                   (177,159)       (178,767)
     — Right-of-use assets                                                                  (11,200)         (15,041)
     — Fair value changes of financial instruments                                          (49,000)         (70,541)


                                                                                           (476,962)       (508,132)


                                                 Cost of
                                               film and                                   Fair value
                                             television Amortisation                     changes of
                                          programmes of intangible      Right-of-use        financial
   Movement                                       rights      assets          assets    instruments        Total
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


   As at 1 January 2024                       (243,783)     (169,892)        (11,240)      (123,736)     (548,651)
   Credit/(charged) to the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and
     other comprehensive income                     —          1,110          (3,801)        53,195        50,504
   Acquired from business combination               —         (9,985)             —              —         (9,985)


   As at 31 December 2024                     (243,783)     (178,767)        (15,041)        (70,541)    (508,132)


   As at 1 January 2025                       (243,783)     (178,767)       (15,041)         (70,541)    (508,132)
   Credit to the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income                        4,180         1,608          3,841          21,541        31,170


   As at 31 December 2025                     (239,603)     (177,159)       (11,200)         (49,000)    (476,962)




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       167
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   23 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

       Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the
       related benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of
       approximately RMB730,189,000(2024: approximately RMB727,662,000) in respect of tax losses amounting to
       RMB4,456,969,000(2024: RMB4,485,535,000) in certain subsidiaries as the future profit streams of these subsidiaries
       are uncertain. Tax losses of approximately RMB194,889,000 (2024: approximately RMB152,089,000) arising from
       the PRC subsidiaries will expire in various dates up to 2030 (2024: 2029). Other tax losses may be carried forward
       indefinitely.

       Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognised for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable
       on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted earnings of
       these subsidiaries amounted to approximately RMB4,040,322,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB3,286,621,000).



   24 TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade payables to:
         — Third parties                                                                          453,502           769,099
         — Related parties (Note 36(d))                                                            77,357            66,789


                                                                                                  530,859           835,888


       Trade payables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


       — RMB                                                                                      431,524           777,114
       — HK$                                                                                        1,159             1,016
       — US$                                                                                       98,176            57,758


                                                                                                  530,859           835,888




168 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




24 TRADE PAYABLES (Continued)

   The aging analysis of trade payables of the Group based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                            31 December    31 December
                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


   Within 60 days                                                                               159,085        194,854
   61 days to 150 days                                                                           54,038        490,215
   Over 151 days                                                                                317,736        150,819


                                                                                                530,859        835,888


   The carrying amounts of trade payables approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.



25 FILM AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMES INVESTMENT FUNDS FROM
   INVESTORS
                                                                                            31 December    31 December
                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


   Film and television programmes investment funds from investors
      — Third parties                                                                           519,373        573,255
      — Related parties (Note 36(d))                                                            153,763        170,120


                                                                                                673,136        743,375


                                                                                            31 December    31 December
   Represented by                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


   Current portion                                                                              673,136        743,375


                                                                                                673,136        743,375


   The amounts represent investments made by certain investors in respect of film and television programmes rights held
   by the Group. In accordance with the terms of the respective investment agreements, the investors are entitled to
   recoup their investment amounts as appropriate by the predetermined percentage of income to be generated from
   films and television programmes.

   The carrying amounts of film and television programmes investment funds from investors approximate their fair values
   and denominated in RMB.


                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      169
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   26 OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


       Other payables and accrued expenses                                                       63,342             72,454
       Payables to gaming developers                                                              1,793              4,230
       Advance receipt of film issuance and production                                          437,296            425,745
       Provisions for other taxes                                                               100,883            135,278
       Consideration payable for an investment in an unlisted company (Note 9(b)(ii))            33,000                 —
       Amounts due to related parties in relation to (Note 36 (d)) :
         — gaming distribution channels                                                          40,739             74,888
         — a gaming developer                                                                    13,806             91,811
         — advance receipt of film issuance and production                                      101,887             28,513
         — film investments funds                                                                 7,771                 —
         — consideration payable for an investment in an unlisted company (Note 9(b)(i))        660,000                 —
         — others                                                                                     5                  5


                                                                                              1,460,522            832,924


       Other payables and accruals were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


       — RMB                                                                                  1,446,141            820,194
       — HK$                                                                                     14,381             12,730


                                                                                              1,460,522            832,924


       The carrying amounts of other payables approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




170 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




27 CONVERTIBLE BONDS

  On 22 April 2025, the Company issued convertible bonds (the “Convertible Bonds”) with an aggregate principal
  amount of HKD2,341 million (approximately RMB2,200 million). The Convertible Bonds bear an interest of 3.95% per
  annum payable semi-annually and will mature on 22 April 2030.

  Upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the agreement, the bondholders will have the right to require the
  Company to redeem all or some of such holder’s bonds on 28 April 2028 at their principal amount, together with
  unpaid default interest thereon (if any).

  Bondholders may convert their bonds into ordinary shares at any time on or after 2 June 2025 up to 10 trading days
  prior to 22 April 2030. The conversion shares will be issued upon full conversion of the convertible bonds based on the
  contracted conversion price of HKD2.704 per share.

  The Convertible Bonds were recognised as a compound instrument comprising liability component and equity
  component as follows:

  •    The initial value of the liability component was calculated using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-
       convertible bond of the Group. Embedded financial derivatives were comprised of the fair value of the holders
       of the Convertible Bonds to require the Company to redeem the Convertible Bonds and the fair value of the
       Company’s option to redeem the Convertible Bonds. These embedded redemption options are closely related
       to the host debt as the redemption amount is principal amount together with accrued but unpaid interest, and
       therefore they do not need to be accounted for separately.

       The initial value of the liability component and the fair value of the embedded redemption options were
       recognised as a single liability component, and is subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective
       interest method; and

  •    Equity component, being the conversion option of the Convertible Bonds, was initially recognised at the residual
       amount after deducting the value of the aforesaid liability component from the initial net proceeds.

       As at the date of issue, the fair value of the liability component and the equity component of the Convertible
       Bonds were set out as below:

                                                                                                               RMB’000


       Principal amount                                                                                       2,174,087
       Less: transaction costs                                                                                   (47,089)


       Net proceeds                                                                                           2,126,998


       Liability component                                                                                    1,931,083
       Equity component                                                                                         195,915


                                                                                                              2,126,998

                                                                                 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025          171
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   27 CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

       Interest expense is calculated by applying the effective interest rate of 6.56% per annum to the liability component.
       The equity component will remain in “convertible bonds reserve” until the embedded conversion option is exercised or
       the Convertible Bonds reach their maturities.

       The movement of the liability component and the equity component of the Convertible Bonds for the year ended 31
       December 2025 is set out below:

                                                                            Liability              Equity
                                                                         component         component              Total
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2025                                                       —                 —                 —
       Issuance                                                            1,931,083           195,915         2,126,998
       Interest charged (Note 32)                                             87,239                —             87,239
       Interest paid                                                         (42,316)               —            (42,316)
       Exchange differences                                                  (53,484)               —            (53,484)


       As at 31 December 2025                                              1,922,522           195,915         2,118,437


       As at 31 December 2025, no conversion shares had been issued under the convertible bonds. If bonds were fully
       converted as of 31 December 2025, 865,754,437 ordinary shares would have been issued.




172 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




28 EXPENSES BY NATURE

   Major expenses included in cost of revenue, selling and marketing costs and administrative expenses are analysed as
   follows:

                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


   Employees benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 29)                   300,966          220,166
   Share-based compensation expenses (Note 21)                                               50,317           67,272
   Costs of gaming development, content revenue-sharing, distribution and
     promotion and payment handling fees                                                    344,918          448,581
   Cost of inventories sold (Note 10)                                                        18,696           18,253
   Cost of film and television programmes rights (Note 15)                                1,342,278          866,610
   Amortisation of other intangible assets (Note 8)                                          17,710            4,646
   Depreciation
     — Property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                                24,312           15,808
     — Right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                                          32,431           32,444
   Advertising and promotion costs                                                          552,732          408,851
   Bandwidth and server custody fees                                                         34,898           41,970
   Rental expenses (Note 7)                                                                   2,321            3,980
   Travelling expenses                                                                        8,624            7,165
   Legal and professional fees                                                               15,331           12,255
   Auditor’s remuneration
     — Audit services                                                                         5,900             5,500
     — Non-audit services                                                                       632             2,000
   Others                                                                                    74,007            95,190


                                                                                          2,826,073        2,250,691



29 STAFF COSTS — INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


   Wages and salaries                                                                       231,799          183,781
   Pension costs — statutory pension (b)                                                     20,834           14,870
   Staff welfare                                                                             37,370           13,580
   Medical benefits                                                                          10,963            7,935


                                                                                            300,966          220,166




                                                                               CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         173
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   29 STAFF COSTS — INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

       (a) Five highest paid individuals
           During the year ended 31 December 2025, one (2024: one) of the five highest paid individuals is director whose
           emolument is reflected in the analysis shown in Note 39. The emoluments of the remaining four (2024: four)
           individual employees were as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


           Salaries and other benefits                                                                   12,089              11,532
           Bonuses                                                                                        2,407               1,783
           Retirement scheme contributions                                                                  573                 302
           Share-based compensation                                                                      27,369              36,592


                                                                                                         42,438              50,209


           The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                         No. of employees
                                                                                                          2025            2024


           HK$6,500,000 to HK$7,000,000                                                                       1                   1
           HK$9,000,000 to HK$9,500,000                                                                       1                   —
           HK$9,500,000 to HK$10,000,000                                                                      1                   1
           HK$11,500,000 to HK$12,000,000                                                                     —                   1
           HK$20,500,000 to HK$21,000,000                                                                     1                   —
           HK$26,500,000 to HK$27,000,000                                                                     —                   1


                                                                                                               4                   4


       (b) Pensions — defined contribution plans
           Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement
           scheme administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute
           funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the average employee salary as agreed by local municipal
           government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

           The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the MPF Scheme for all
           employees in Hong Kong. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution
           requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income.

           There was no forfeited contribution utilized to offset employers’ contributions for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:
           Nil). There was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contribution payable in the future year as at 31
           December 2025 (2024: Nil).




174 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


   Government grants                                                                        14,977            11,661
   Others                                                                                       30                32


                                                                                            15,007            11,693



31 OTHER GAIN/(LOSS) — NET

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


   Net fair value changes in financial assets at FVPL (Note 17)                          1,169,262          (156,927)
   Gain/(loss) of disposals of property, plant and equipment                                   262             (5,684)
   Gain on disposals of subsidiaries                                                            —                 175
   Remeasurement of film and television programmes investment funds from investors          82,720            13,865
   Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                            18,714                 —
   Remeasurement gain from modification of borrowing (Note 22(b))                               —             55,140
   Fair value changes in contingent consideration payable (a)                                   —         (1,121,447)
   Others                                                                                   10,759             (7,163)


   Other gain/(loss) — net                                                               1,281,717        (1,222,041)


   (a)   In December 2024, warrants issued by the Company for the acquisition of Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited
         in 2021, were fully exercised. Thus, the contingent consideration payable was derecognised.




                                                                              CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         175
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   32 FINANCE INCOME — NET

                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000


       Finance income:
          — Interest income on saving deposits                                       152,863      32,060
          — Interest income on receivables from investments in film and television
              programmes rights and loans to third parties and related parties        62,062      78,184


                                                                                     214,925     110,244


       Finance cost:
          — Interest expenses on borrowings                                            (9,129)    (14,303)
          — Interest expenses on film and television programmes investment funds
              from investors                                                             (731)      (3,386)
          — Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                     (5,809)      (3,046)
          — Imputed interest expenses                                                 (39,057)    (82,839)
          — Interest expenses on convertible bonds                                    (87,239)          —


                                                                                     (141,965)   (103,574)


       Finance income — net                                                           72,960        6,670




176 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




33 INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                                                      2025          2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


  Current income tax
   — Provision for the year                                                                         224,176       370,394

  Deferred income tax                                                                               (77,847)      (92,167)


  Income tax expenses                                                                               146,329       278,227


  The income tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
  weighted average tax rates applicable to subsidiaries comprising the Group as follows:

                                                                                                      2025          2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


  Profit before income tax                                                                        1,932,352        71,651

  Tax calculated at the tax rates applicable to profits in the respective jurisdictions             205,192        52,002
  Income not subject to tax                                                                         (29,218)           —
  Tax losses and temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset have been
    recognised                                                                                       14,376         34,444
  Temporary differences for which no deferred tax liability have been recognised                    (55,345)            —
  Over provision for previous year                                                                   (6,540)            —
  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                           29,001       207,382
  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                               (11,137)       (15,601)


                                                                                                    146,329       278,227


  Bermuda corporate tax
  The Company is incorporated in the Bermuda under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and, accordingly, is
  exempted from the Bermuda corporate tax.

  Hong Kong profits tax
  Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the profits tax rate for
  the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits is lowered to 8.25% (half of the rate specified in Schedule 8 to the Inland
  Revenue Ordinance). Assessable profits above HK$2,000,000 continue to be subject to the rate of 16.5%. There is no
  assessable income for the year under Hong Kong profits tax.




                                                                                          CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025    177
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   33 INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)

       PRC corporate income tax
       The income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the applicable tax
       rate of 25%, except for a subsidiary of the Group which are entitled to preferential tax rate applicable to advanced and
       new technology enterprises of 15% in 2025 (2024: 15%) on the estimated assessable profit for the year, based on the
       existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.



   34 EARNING/(LOSS) PER SHARE

       (a) Basic
            Basic earning/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company by
            the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                                        2025               2024


            Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                  1,796,636           (190,533)


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                      15,733,711         12,138,635


            Basic earning/(loss) per share (RMB cents per share) for the year                          11.42               (1.57)


       (b) Diluted
            Diluted earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
            outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has two categories of
            dilutive potential ordinary share being (1) share options; and (2) convertible bonds.

            The share options granted by the Company should also have potential dilutive effect on the earnings per share.
            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, these share options have anti-dilutive effect to the Group’s
            diluted earnings per share.

            The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares. Interest savings on convertible
            bonds are adjusted to the extent of the amount charged to the profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the
            Company, if applicable. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the convertible bonds were excluded from the
            computation of diluted earning per share as they are anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted earning/(loss) per share for
            the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are the same as basic earning/(loss) per share.




178 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




35 CASH FLOW INFORMATION

  (a) Cash used in operations
                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000


     Profit before income tax                                                      1,932,352         71,651

     Adjustments for:
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                           24,312       15,808
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                     32,431       32,444
      Amortisation of other intangible assets (Note 8)                                 17,710         4,646
      Cost of film and television programmes rights (Note 15)                       1,342,278      866,610
      Net fair value change of financial assets at FVPL (Note 17)                  (1,169,262)     156,927
      Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL (Note 31)                         (18,714)           —
      Fair value change of contingent consideration payable                                —     1,121,447
      Net impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1(d))                         155,483      144,525
      (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 31)                 (262)        5,684
      Share-based compensation expenses (Note 28)                                      50,317       67,272
      Shares of (profits)/losses of associates (Note 9)                              (201,249)          215
      Finance income — net (Note 32)                                                  (72,960)       (6,670)
      Remeasurement film and television programmes investment funds
         from investors (Note 31)                                                    (82,720)       (13,865)
      Remeasurement gain from modification of borrowing (Note 22(b))                      —         (55,140)
      Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                      —            (175)


                                                                                   2,009,716     2,411,379

     Changes in working capital:
       Inventories                                                                      (165)             26
       Trade and bills receivables                                                   294,222       (610,943)
       Other receivables and deposits                                                 35,817          (4,839)
       Prepayments and other non-financial assets                                   (182,624)      (191,683)
       Film and television programmes investment funds from investors                 12,481         33,583
       Film and television programmes rights                                        (914,255)    (1,939,239)
       Trade payables                                                               (325,912)       516,958
       Contract liabilities                                                              331           9,412
       Other payables                                                                (66,133)       379,473


     Cash generated from operations                                                  863,478       604,127




                                                                           CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    179
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   35 CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

       (b) Major non-cash transactions
           Major non-cash transactions during the years end 31 December 2025 and 2024 were the acquisition of right of-
           use assets (Note 7(a)) and the acquisitions of investments of associates (Note 9).

       (c) Reconciliation of liabilities generated from financing activities
                                                                                                          Contingent
                                                                              Lease                     consideration
                                                                          liabilities   Borrowings            payable
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2024                                           (58,636)      (1,755,398)       (1,322,833)
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                           (3,046)              —                —
           Interest expenses on borrowings                                      —           (14,303)              —
           Imputed interest expenses (Note 32)                                  —           (82,839)              —

           Cash flows
           Payment for lease liabilities — principal                       26,913               —                 —
           Payment for lease liabilities — interest (Note 32)               3,046               —                 —
           Repayment of borrowings                                             —           302,304                —
           Payments for borrowings’ interests                                  —            10,543                —
           Proceeds from borrowings                                            —          (179,910)               —

           Other non-cash movements
           Additions of lease liabilities (Note 7)                        (50,638)               —                —
           Modification of lease liabilities                                  337                —                —
           Termination of lease                                            16,370                —                —
           Fair value changes of the contingent consideration
             payable                                                             —              —         (1,121,447)
           Currency translation differences                                     (23)       (36,401)          (45,836)
           Remeasurement gain from modification of borrowing
             (Note 22(b))                                                        —          55,140               —
           Transfer to equity (Note 19)                                          —              —         2,490,116


           As at 31 December 2024                                         (65,677)      (1,700,864)               —




180 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




35 CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

   (c) Reconciliation of liabilities generated from financing activities (Continued)
                                                                   Lease                    Convertible
                                                               liabilities   Borrowings         bonds
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


       As at 1 January 2025                                      (65,677)     (1,700,864)            —
       Interest expenses on lease liabilities                     (5,809)             —              —
       Interest expenses on borrowings                                —           (9,129)            —
       Imputed interest expenses (Note 32)                            —          (39,057)            —
       Interest expenses on convertible bonds                         —               —         (87,239)

       Cash flows
       Payment for lease liabilities — principal                  35,053             —               —
       Payment for lease liabilities — interest (Note 32)          5,809             —               —
       Repayment of borrowings                                        —       1,192,439              —
       Payments for borrowings’ interests                             —           5,379              —
       Payment of convertible bonds’ interests                        —              —           42,316
       Proceeds from borrowings                                       —        (198,500)             —
       Proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds                    —              —       (2,126,998)

       Other non-cash movements
       Additions of lease liabilities (Note 7)                   (28,928)            —              —
       Disposal of lease liabilities                               3,723             —              —
       Transfer from prepayments (Note 7)                          4,759             —              —
       Currency translation differences                              (80)        16,771         53,484
       Transfer to equity (Note 27)                                   —              —         195,915


       As at 31 December 2025                                    (51,150)      (732,961)     (1,922,522)




                                                                        CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025    181
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   36 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS

       Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, control the other party or exercise
       significant influence over the other party in making financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be
       related if they are subject to common control. Members of key management and their close family members of the
       Group are also considered as related parties.

       In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, during the years ended and as at 31 December
       2025 and 2024, the Group had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties, which were
       carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business.

       (a) Name and relationship with related parties

             Name                                                        Relationship


             Mr. Ke                                                      Director and the Chairman of the board of the Company

             Pumpkin Films Limited                                       A company controlled by Mr. Ke

             Tencent Holdings and its subsidiaries                       Tencent Group as a shareholder of the Company with
               (Collectively “Tencent Group”)                              the right to nominate an individual to represent
                                                                           Tencent Group as a director of the Company

             Beijing Zhumeng Qiming Culture & Arts Co., Ltd              A company controlled by Mr. Ke

             Beijing Ruyi Xingrong Culture Media Co., Ltd.               A company controlled by Mr. Ke’s family

             Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd.               A company controlled by Mr. Ke

             Beijing Chuangwai Film and Television Culture               An associate of the Group
               Media Co., Ltd.

             Sichuan Wenyoudao                                           An associate of the Group

             Wanda Film Holding Co.,Ltd and its subsidiaries             A group controlled by Mr. Ke
              (Collectively “Wanda Film Group”)

             Shanghai Ruyi Investment Management Co., Ltd                A company controlled by Mr. Ke




182 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




36 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (b) Transactions with related parties
                                                                                        2025          2024
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000


       Rental expenses:
         — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd                                 1,089         1,097
         — Shanghai Ruyi Investment Management Co., Ltd                                   804           804


                                                                                        1,893         1,901


       Online gaming and online steaming and advertising services:
        — Tencent Group                                                             1,633,782     1,511,846


       Gaming promotion and other expenses:
        — Tencent Group                                                                98,432        72,049
        — Wanda Film Group                                                             17,736        21,228


                                                                                      116,168        93,277


       Internet and content delivery network costs:
         — Tencent Group                                                                7,627         6,354


       Purchase of film and television programmes rights and intangible assets:
         — Tencent Group                                                               16,171        47,659
         — Sichuan Wenyoudao                                                              415         1,321
         — Wanda Film Group                                                               196            —
         — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd                                    —            748


                                                                                       16,782        49,728


       Film and television programmes rights distribution revenue:
          — Tencent Group                                                                160         32,568




                                                                            CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025    183
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   36 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

       (b) Transactions with related parties (Continued)
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Gaming distribution channel fees:
            — Tencent Group                                                               68,022          133,305


           Revenue sharing to content providers:
             — Tencent Group                                                              18,058               —


           Content revenue-sharing, distribution and promotion fees:
             — Wanda Film Group                                                            7,162               —
             — Sichuan Wenyoudao                                                           3,464               —


                                                                                          10,626               —


           Interest income:
             — Sichuan Wenyoudao                                                               —            1,680


           Receipt of film investment funds from a related party:
             — Wanda Film Group                                                            5,801           47,518


           Investment in films of a related party:
             — Wanda Film Group                                                          123,381           65,767


           Advance of loans to related parties:
            — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd                                     —           30,000
            — Sichuan Wenyoudao                                                                —           39,750


                                                                                               —           69,750


           Acquisition of Beijing Yonghang:
             — Tencent Group (Note 9(b)(i))                                              825,000               —


           Personal guarantee provided by a director
           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, one of the Group’s borrowings was secured by personal
           guarantee from Mr. Ke as set out in Note 22.




184 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




36 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (c) Key management compensation
       Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive) and senior management. The compensation
       paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


       Key management compensation
         — Salaries and other employee benefits                                             14,225               15,545
         — Share-based payments                                                              2,776                3,712


                                                                                            17,001               19,257


   (d) Balances with related parties
       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had the following significant balances with related parties:

                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


       Trade receivable from related parties:
         — Tencent Group (i)                                                               819,701         1,293,821
         — Wanda Film Group                                                                  2,806                —


                                                                                           822,507         1,293,821


       Other receivables from related parties:
        — Pumpkin Films Limited                                                                 —                40,745
        — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd (i)                                   8,218                8,218
        — Sichuan Wenyoudao(i)                                                               6,020                6,020
        — Beijing Zhumeng Qiming Culture & Arts Co., Ltd (i)                                 1,300                1,300
        — Beijing Ruyi Xingrong Culture Media Co., Ltd (i)                                     800                  800


                                                                                            16,338               57,083


       Prepayments to related parties:
         — Beijing Chuangwai Film and Television Culture Media Co., Ltd                      1,000                1,000
         — Wanda Film Group                                                                     —                   411
         — Tencent Group (i)                                                                27,419                   —


                                                                                            28,419                1,411

                                                                              CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025           185
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   36 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

       (d) Balances with related parties (Continued)
                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


           Trade payables to related parties:
             — Tencent Group (ii)                                                          58,983           50,749
             — Wanda Film Group (ii)                                                       17,626           15,367
             — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investment Co., Ltd (ii)                              748              673


                                                                                           77,357           66,789


           Other payables to related parties:
            — Tencent Group (ii)                                                          810,771          166,699
            — Wanda Film Group (ii)                                                        13,432           28,513
            — Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Film Investments Co., Ltd (ii)                                5                5


                                                                                          824,208          195,217


           Film and television programmes investment funds from related
              parties:
              — Tencent Group                                                             149,000          149,000
              — Wanda Film Group                                                            1,299           21,120
              — Sichuan Wenyoudao (i)                                                       3,464               —


                                                                                          153,763          170,120


           Film investments in related parties:
              — Wanda Film Group                                                           30,986           65,767


           (i)    Amounts mainly represented trade receivables and the payment of expenses on behalf of the related
                  parties, which are unsecured, interest-free and receivable on demand.

           (ii)   Amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




186 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




37 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

   (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entities of the Company as at 31
         December 2025 and 2024:

                                           Place of                                                                            Effective interest held
                                           incorporation and      Principal activities and                Registered share       by the Group as at
         Name                              kind of legal entity   place of operation                                capital       31 December (%)
                                                                                                                                     2025          2024


         Direct interest
         Power Wave Holdings Limited       BVI, limited           Investment holding, BVI                             US$1         100%          100%
                                             liability company
         Indirect Interest
         Dongguan Tak Ya Leather Goods The PRC, limited           Manufacture of accessories for             HK$10,400,000         100%          100%
            Manufactory Ltd              liability company           photographic, electrical and multimedia
                                                                     products, the PRC
         Mascotte Industrial Associates    Hong Kong, limited     Trading of accessories for photographic,           HK$2          100%          100%
           (Hong Kong) Limited               liability company       electrical and multimedia product,
                                                                     Hong Kong
         Mascotte (Dongguan) Elect         The PRC, limited       Manufacture of accessories for              HK$8,000,000         100%          100%
           Accessories Ltd                   liability company       photographic, electrical and multimedia
                                                                     products, the PRC
         Shenzhen Hengteng Network     The PRC, limited           Internet community services, the PRC       US$30,000,000         100%          100%
            Services Co., Limited        liability company
         Beijing Xiaoming Zhumeng Data The PRC, limited           Contents development, production             RMB20,000,000       100%          100%
            Service Co., Ltd. (i)        liability company           and service provision in the
                                                                     telecommunication industry, the PRC
         Beijing Ruyi Jingxiu Network      The PRC, limited       Data processing, technology development, RMB50,000,000           100%          100%
            Technology Limited (i)           liability company       promotion, transfer consulting and
                                                                     service, the PRC
         Shanghai Ruyi Film and Television The PRC, limited       Radio television programme production         RMB3,000,000       100%          100%
           Production Co., Ltd. (i)          liability company       and operation and film distribution, the
                                                                     PRC
         Beijing Ruyi Streaming Media      The PRC, limited       Technology development, technology          RMB200,000,000       100%          100%
            Information Technology Co.,      liability company       promotion, technology transfer,
            Ltd. (i)                                                 technical consultation, and technical
                                                                     services, the PRC
         Beijing C4-Games Technology       The PRC, limited       Technology development, technology            RMB9,002,111       100%          100%
            Co., Ltd (i)                     liability company       promotion, technology transfer,
                                                                     technical consultation, and technical
                                                                     services, the PRC
         Virtual Cinema Entertainment      BVI, limited           Investment holding, BVI                              US$1        100%          100%
            Limited                          liability company
         Shanghai Ruyi Xingchen            The PRC, limited       Business Management Consulting;          RMB900,000,000          100%          100%
            Enterprise Management Co.,       liability company       Technical Development, Technical
            Ltd. (i)                                                 Consulting, Technology Transfer,
                                                                     Technology Promotion, the PRC
         Guangdong Hengqin Muhong          The PRC, Limited       Investment activities, the PRC          RMB2,300,000,000         100%             —
           Investment Partnership (Limited   Partnership
           Partnership)

         (i)    These are subsidiaries arising from the Contractual Arrangements as set out in Note 2.2.1(a).


                                                                                                        CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025                187
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   37 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)

       (b) Material non-controlling interests
            The total non-controlling interests as at 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately RMB23,221,000 (2024:
            approximately RMB12,608,000). No subsidiary has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.



   38 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
      COMPANY

                                                                                      31 December       31 December
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                          Note            RMB’000           RMB’000


       ASSETS
       Non-current assets
       Investments in subsidiaries                                                       17,360,323       11,677,764
       Property, plant and equipment                                                          1,491            1,238
       Right-of-use assets                                                                    2,997            5,376
       Deposits                                                                                 787              807


                                                                                         17,365,598       11,685,185


       Current assets
       Other receivables and prepayments                                   (b)              664,091          782,125
       Term deposits                                                       (c)              957,718               —
       Cash and cash equivalents                                           (c)            2,011,552        2,202,719


                                                                                          3,633,361        2,984,844


       Total assets                                                                      20,998,959       14,670,029




188 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




38 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
   COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                  31 December       31 December
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      Note            RMB’000           RMB’000


   EQUITY
   Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of
     the Company
   Share capital                                                                        318,541           273,444
   Share premium                                                       (a)           22,673,729       17,069,660
   Other reserves                                                      (a)              247,210           411,871
   Accumulated losses                                                  (a)           (4,634,489)       (4,547,341)


   Total equity                                                                      18,604,991       13,207,634


   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liabilities
   Borrowings                                                          (d)                   —           414,174
   Lease liabilities                                                                        850            3,419
   Convertible bonds                                                                  1,841,893               —


                                                                                      1,842,743          417,593


   Current liabilities
   Trade payables                                                                           748              748
   Other payables and accruals                                                           16,005           13,850
   Borrowings                                                          (d)              442,543        1,018,613
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                            8,816            9,144
   Lease liabilities                                                                      2,484            2,447
   Convertible bonds                                                                     80,629               —


                                                                                        551,225        1,044,802


   Total liabilities                                                                  2,393,968        1,462,395


   Total equity and liabilities                                                      20,998,959       14,670,029


   The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2026 and
   was signed on its behalf.



                             Ke Liming                                         Zhang Qiang
                              Director                                           Director

                                                                             CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025      189
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   38 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
      COMPANY (Continued)

       (a) Reserve movement of the Company
                                                                                       Share Convertible
                                                 Share Contributed   Translation     options     bonds Accumulated
                                              premium      surplus       reserve     reserve    reserve      losses         Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000        RMB’000


           At 1 January 2024                 11,664,209     63,481      172,187     182,178         —     (3,655,578)    8,426,477
           Loss for the year                         —          —             —          —          —       (891,763)     (891,763)
           Currency translation difference           —          —        (73,247)        —          —             —         (73,247)
           Issuance of ordinary shares
              (Note 19)                       5,405,451         —             —          —          —             —      5,405,451
           Employees share option scheme:
              — share-based compensation
                    expenses (Note 21)               —          —             —      67,272         —             —         67,272


           At 31 December 2024               17,069,660     63,481       98,940     249,450         —     (4,547,341)   12,934,190


           At 1 January 2025                 17,069,660     63,481       98,940     249,450         —     (4,547,341)   12,934,190
           Loss for the year                         —          —            —           —          —        (87,148)      (87,148)
           Currency translation difference           —          —      (410,893)         —          —             —       (410,893)
           Issuance of ordinary shares
              (Note 19)                       5,604,069         —             —          —          —             —      5,604,069
           Employees share option scheme:
              — share-based compensation
                    expenses (Note 21)               —          —             —      50,317         —             —         50,317
           Issuance of convertible bonds
              (Note 27)                              —          —             —          —     195,915            —       195,915


           At 31 December 2025               22,673,729     63,481     (311,953)    299,767    195,915    (4,634,489)   18,286,450




190 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




38 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
   COMPANY (Continued)

   (b) Other receivables and prepayments
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Receivables from investments in film and television programmes rights                 663,449         740,689
      Amounts due from a related party                                                           —           40,417
      Others                                                                                    642           1,019


                                                                                            664,091         782,125


   (c) Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Cash at banks                                                                        2,969,270      2,202,719
      Less：
      Term deposits with original maturity of more than three months                        (957,718)            —


                                                                                           2,011,552      2,202,719


      The carrying amounts of Cash at banks are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      — US$                                                                                1,060,920      1,418,244
      — HK$                                                                                  950,130        671,880
      — RMB                                                                                      408        112,594
      — EUR                                                                                       94              1


                                                                                           2,011,552      2,202,719




                                                                              CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       191
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   38 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
      COMPANY (Continued)

       (d) Borrowings
                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000


           Non-current other borrowings:
            — Unsecured without guarantee (Note 22(b))                                           —            414,174


           Current other borrowings:
             — Unsecured without guarantee (Note 22(b))                                     442,543         1,018,613



   39 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

       (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
           The remuneration of every director and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended 31 December
           2025 is set out below:

                                                                                          Contribution
                                                               Discretionary Share -based   to pension
                                            Fees        Salary      bonuses compensation       scheme          Total
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


           Executive directors
           Ke Liming (i)                    7,880         1,828       2,825            —          198         12,731
           Zhang Qiang (ii)                    —          1,394         100         2,776          —           4,270

           Non-Executive director
           Yang Ming (iii)                     —             —           —             —              —           —

           Independent non-executive
             directors
           Chau Shing Yim, David              297           —            —            —               —          297
           Nie Zhixin                         300           —            —            —               —          300
           Chen Haiquan                       300           —            —            —               —          300
           Shi Zhuomin                        300           —            —            —               —          300


                                            9,077         3,222       2,925         2,776         198         18,198




192 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




39 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
       The remuneration of every director and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended 31 December
       2024 is set out below:

                                                                                                  Contribution
                                                                  Discretionary    Share -based    to pension
                                             Fees        Salary        bonuses    compensation        scheme        Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


       Executive directors
       Ke Liming (i)                        8,022         1,828          3,956              —             193     13,999
       Zhang Qiang (ii)                        —          1,394            100           3,712             52      5,258

       Non-Executive director
       Yang Ming (iii)                         —             —              —               —              —          —

       Independent non-executive
         directors
       Chau Shing Yim, David                  302            —              —               —              —         302
       Nie Zhixin                             300            —              —               —              —         300
       Chen Haiquan                           300            —              —               —              —         300
       Shi Zhuomin                            300            —              —               —              —         300


                                            9,224         3,222          4,056           3,712            245     20,459


       There was no arrangement during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 under which a director waived
       or agreed to waive any remuneration, and no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an
       inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

       (i)     Mr. Ke Liming has been appointed as an executive Director and chairman of the Board with effect from 11
               August 2021.

       (ii)    Mr. Zhang Qiang has been appointed as executive directors of the Company with effect from 14 December
               2021.

       (iii)   Mr. Yang Ming has been appointed as a non-executive Director for a term of three years commencing from
               28 June 2023. According to the letter of appointment, Mr. Yang Ming does not receive any remuneration
               or director’s fee for his position of non-executive Director.

       (iv)    Salary paid to a director is generally an emolument paid or receivable in respect of that person’s other
               services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries undertakings.

       (v)     The values of share-based compensation are based on the share-based compensation recognised for the
               year.
                                                                                   CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         193
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




   39 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

       (b) Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits
           None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits or termination benefits for the year ended
           31 December 2025 (for the year ended 31 December 2024: Nil).

       (c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
           For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making
           available directors’ services (for the year ended 31 December 2024: Nil).

       (d) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of
           directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such
           directors
           For the year ended 31 December 2025, there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the
           directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (for the year ended 31 December 2024: Nil).

       (e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
           No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
           was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
           subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




194 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)




40 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

   (a)   On 16 January 2026, the Company entered into a share subscription agreement, pursuant to which the Company
         has conditionally agreed to contribute approximately US$14,200,000 to invest in shares of AIsphere Limited (“AIsphere”).

         In addition, the Company, Mr. Wang Changhu and Beijing AIsphere Technology Co., Ltd., a domestic entity of
         the AIsphere Limited, (collectively, the “Parties”) entered into a strategic cooperation framework agreement (the
         “Cooperation Agreement”, together with the share subscription agreement, the “Agreements”). Pursuant to
         the Cooperation Agreement, the Parties have agreed to establish a strategic cooperation relationship to explore
         innovative applications of artificial intelligence technologies in film, streaming media, and gaming content
         production and operations.

   (b)   In January 2026, the Group entered into a capital increase agreement with Chengdu Xiaozhi Youchuang
         Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xiaozhi”) and its founder, among which Loan to third parties amounting to approximately
         RMB92,000,000 (Note 14) of total consideration were settled. Furthermore, the parties will collaborate on the
         research and development of new games, and the Group will be responsible for the exclusive distribution of the
         new games.

   (c)   On 26 January 2026, the Company and the Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch (“Sole Lead Manager”)
         entered into the Subscription Agreement, under which, among other things, the Sole Lead Manager has agreed
         to subscribe and pay for, or to procure to subscribe and pay for, the bonds to be issued by the Company in
         an aggregate principal amount of HK$2,574 million, subject to the terms and conditions as set out in the
         Subscription Agreement. The Bonds are zero coupons and do not bear interest and may be converted into
         Conversion Shares pursuant to the Conditions at an initial conversion Price of HK$2.6 per Share (subject to
         adjustments pursuant to the Conditions).




                                                                                      CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025             195
   FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY



   The summary of results, assets and liabilities of the Group for last five financial years (extracted from published audited
   financial statements) is set forth as follow：


   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                       For the          For the         For the         For the         For the
                                                   year ended       year ended      year ended      year ended      year ended
                                                  31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December
                                                         2025             2024            2023            2022            2021
                                                      RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000


   Turnover                                          3,342,975      3,670,760       3,627,247       1,319,928       2,318,132


   Profit before tax                                 1,932,352          71,651         975,917        849,841       1,315,405
   Income tax charge                                  (146,329)       (278,227)       (293,377)       (62,289)       (141,753)


   Profit/(Loss) for the year                        1,786,023        (206,576)       682,540         787,552       1,173,652


   Attributable to:
   Equity holders of the Company                     1,796,636        (190,533)       689,758         789,525       1,175,339
   Non-controlling interests                           (10,613)        (16,043)        (7,218)         (1,973)         (1,687)


                                                     1,786,023        (206,576)       682,540         787,552       1,173,652



   CONSOLIDATED ASSETS, EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

                                                         As at           As at           As at           As at           As at
                                                  31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December
                                                         2025            2024            2023            2022            2021
                                                      RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000         RMB'000


   ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
   Total assets                                    30,260,321      21,670,713      16,681,158      13,218,969      10,619,892

   Total liabilities                               (6,414,598)     (5,338,106)     (5,645,174)      (5,243,538)     (5,000,476)
   Net assets                                      23,845,723      16,332,607      11,035,984        7,975,431       5,619,416

   Equity attributable to owners of the Company    23,868,944      16,345,215      11,037,540       7,971,239       5,613,251
   Non-controlling interests                          (23,221)        (12,608)         (1,556)          4,192           6,165


                                                   23,845,723      16,332,607      11,035,984       7,975,431       5,619,416




196 CHINA RUYI HOLDINGS LIMITED
    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
