                                                                                 CONTENTS


                                                                                         PAGE(S)

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                          2

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                           3

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                             8

DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                                                             10

PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                    27

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                   30

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                   41

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                  74

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                  79

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                81

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                   83

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                          85

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                86

FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                 166




                                             HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    Set out below is the corporate information of HengTen Networks Group Limited as at the date of this report (i.e. 21
    March 2019):


    DIRECTORS                                                  HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                               OF BUSINESS
    Executive Directors
                                                               23rd Floor,
    Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)                                      China Evergrande Centre,
    Mr. Liu Yongzhuo                                           38 Gloucester Road,
    Mr. Huang Xiangui                                          Wanchai,
    Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang                                          Hong Kong

    Independent Non-executive Directors                        SHARE REGISTRARS
    Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
                                                               Bermuda
    Mr. Nie Zhixin
    Mr. Chen Haiquan
                                                               MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
    Professor Shi Zhuomin
                                                               The Belvedere Building
                                                               69 Pitts Bay Road
    Audit Committee
                                                               Pembroke HM08
    Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)                       Bermuda
    Mr. Nie Zhixin
    Mr. Chen Haiquan                                           Hong Kong

    Remuneration Committee                                     Tricor Secretaries Limited
                                                               Level 22
    Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)                       Hopewell Centre
    Mr. Xu Wen                                                 183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. Nie Zhixin                                             Hong Kong

    Nomination Committee                                       PRINCIPAL BANKER

    Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
    Mr. Nie Zhixin
    Mr. Chen Haiquan                                           AUDITOR
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                               Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy

                                                               WEBSITE ADDRESS
    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                               http://www.htmimi.com
    Clarendon House
    2 Church Street
    Hamilton HM 11
                                                               DATE OF REPORT
    Bermuda
                                                               21 March 2019


2   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the results of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company” or “HengTen Networks”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the “Year”).

BUSINESS REVIEW

Internet Community and Related Businesses

In 2018, the Group conducted its internet community and related businesses in the communities across China, and
its revenue increased from RMB193.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to RMB425.8 million for the year
ended 31 December 2018, which include, revenue from internet home furnishing sector of RMB231.5 million, revenue
from internet materials logistics business sector and other sectors of RMB194.3 million.

The cost of internet community and related businesses mainly represented labour costs, depreciation and amortisation,
and material procurement costs. Gross profit margin of such segment and segment profit were 78.4% and RMB154.0
million, respectively.

(I)   Business Development

      During 2018, the economy of China has on the whole maintained stability while making steady progress with
      a year-on-year growth of 6.6% in its GDP, fulfilling the expected development goal of around 6.5% and
      showing that our country’s total economic capacity has reached a new level. In the meantime, the Chinese
      government keeps on deepening its supply-side structural reform, comprehensively promoting “Internet +”, and
      continuously transforming traditional industries with new technologies and new models, which contributes to a
      steady unleash of the dynamism of the economy.

      The fast development of the Chinese economy and society and the favourable policies have provided the Group
      with a good environment for development. Our two substantial shareholders have also empowered the Group’s
      development. China Evergrande Group (“China Evergrande”) (3333.HK) is one of the Fortune 500 enterprises
      with properties for the people as its core foundation and has more than 800 projects in over 280 cities across
      China. Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent Holdings”) (0700.HK) is an internet-based technology and cultural
      enterprise. At the end of the third quarter of 2018, the total number of monthly active accounts of Weixin,
      WeChat and QQ of Tencent Holdings reached almost 1.9 billion.

      Benefiting from the general environment of rapid growth of the PRC economy and favourable policies, as well
      as the strong support from our two substantial shareholders, the Group not only has continuously optimized
      its business structure but also steadily enhanced its quality and efficiency in 2018. The Group insists on using
      the platform operation thinking to develop as an integrated internet service operator. It takes serving users as
      its core work and empowering industries as its direction to coordinate and promote the joint development of
      its 3 core businesses, namely the internet community services business, internet home furnishing business and
      internet materials logistics business.




                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


         1.   Internet Community Services

              In 2018, the Group continued to rely on its internet community service platform, HengTen Mimi, to
              provide property service platform support for the China Evergrande Community.

              For the HengTen Mimi App which serves property owners, the Group optimised its functions such as
              property service fee payment, property repair request and owners’ voices. For the Mimi Housekeeper
              App which serves property management companies, the Group improved its functions including repair
              management, affair management and payment record search.

         2.   Internet Home Furnishing

              The Group’s internet home furnishing business is centered on consumers, and the Group is committed to
              satisfying the consumers’ demands for a beautiful home life through creating physical scene experience
              in the sample rooms. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group operated internet home
              furnishing business at nearly 362 projects in 171 cities across China. During the reporting period, the
              Group provided furnishing design and sales plans to over 80,000 community property owners with sales
              floating through our platform of RMB2,006.3 million and recognised revenue of RMB231.5 million (2017:
              RMB145.8 million).

              (1)   Realization of standardized and large-scale operation

                    Relying on the mature O2O business model of “display on online shopping mall platform and
                    experience at offline physical scenes”, the Group continuously achieved standardized operating
                    results and realized large-scale operation with the support of the comprehensive online and offline
                    marketing system. In 2018, the Group opened a total of nearly 3,500 offline experience sample
                    rooms and accelerated the transformation from selling single products to selling scenario lifestyle.

              (2)   Optimization of product and service system

                    Our product system was increasingly diversified. While the Group continued on expanding the
                    categories of products such as customized furniture, home appliances, balcony textile art products
                    and other decorations and furnishings, we further diversified categories such as soft decorations,
                    decoration projects and kitchen supplies, in order to meet the diversified needs of property
                    owners.

                    Our brand management was further intensified. In 2018, the Group deepened its cooperation
                    with 28 leading brands in the “Home Furnishing Alliance” to satisfy consumers’ demands for high
                    quality products and services, under the general background of consumption upgrading. In the
                    meantime, the Group continued to optimize the partner rating system, to conduct comprehensive
                    appraisals upon the products and services provided by the suppliers and only selected those
                    qualified which based on strict assessment criteria.




4   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


             Our service quality has kept on improving. The Group strived to improve the customers’
             experience in home marketing, logistics and distribution, installation and aftersales and to build
             a standardized service process centering around users. At the same time, the Group portrayed
             a typical home user from multiple dimensions including age, academic background, family and
             consumption budgets to improve the matching between consumer needs and products and
             services provided and in order to improve the efficiency of provision of services.

             Services were provided in more diversified forms. In response to the trend of consumption using
             installment payment, the Group launched installment payment services for home furnishing
             consumption around different customer consumption scenarios and consumption demands.

     (3)     Exploration of B2B business

             In order to raise our home furnishing business to a new level, the Group has started to explore
             opportunities in B2B business and carry out research and development of integrated solutions for
             the design and supply of soft decoration for apartments and houses, so as to promote the B2B
             business to gradually achieve the target of standardized and large-scale development.

3.   Internet Materials Logistics

     In active response to the national policy call for high-quality decoration, the Group’s internet materials
     logistics business is committed to providing premium high-quality construction material supply chain
     service. During the Year, the Group’s internet materials logistics business recorded a gross merchandise
     volume(Note) of RMB1,037.4 million and a revenue of RMB181.7 million (2017: RMB36.7 million).

     (1)     Deep consolidation of high-quality resources in the construction materials industry

             Leveraging on China Evergrande’s 22-year mature supply chain system of high-quality decorations,
             the Group effectively utilised its use of extensive resources of China Evergrande including over 20
             strategic partners for high-quality decoration and more than 200 material suppliers in the PRC.
             On the other hand, the Group also followed the improved supply chain management system of
             China Evergrande, including a national quality inspection system and a strict technical standard
             management system and a dynamic supplier assessment and management system.

     (2)     To provide high cost-effective products and services

             In terms of price, the Group took advantage of the centralized procurement of China Evergrande
             to share the procurement price of first-tier real estate enterprises with our customers, which
             significantly reduced the overall procurement costs of customers of the Group.

             In terms of services, the Group had built an online mall that specialized in building materials, and
             constantly improved and optimized functions and services of the online mall, so as to foster a
             simple, transparent, safe and efficient trading environment and to improve customer procurement
             efficiency. The Group managed and coordinated the entire process of the supply chain, provided
             professional supporting procurement services, and strived to offer our customers effective
             procurement, authentic products guarantee, accurate delivery and other high-standard services
             enjoyed by first-tier real estate enterprises.

     Note:   Gross merchandise volume represents total value of all orders for products and services placed on our online
             sales platform.


                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                         5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


                         In terms of product range, the Group continued to expand its brand resources and had established
                         a diversified brand portfolio which is competent to meet the various brand demands from different
                         users; at the same time, the Group continued to replenish product category and specification to
                         gradually cover the main categories of building materials products widely used in high-quality
                         decoration industry.

                         In terms of quality, the Group engaged construction materials suppliers with strong qualifications
                         to ensure the authenticity of product and the reliability and stability of product quality.

                  (3)    To gradually optimize our service system

                         In 2018, the Group had established warehouse and logistic centers in five major regions including
                         Tianjin, Foshan, Changshu, Wuhan and Chengdu, covering multiple regions in the North China,
                         the South China, the East China, the Central China and the Southwest China. The Group also
                         selected and developed local operators across the country, to provide distribution, installation and
                         post-sales services to our end-users.

    Manufacture and sales of accessories

    The segment’s revenue increased from RMB66.7 million during 2017 to approximately RMB73.6 million in 2018,
    representing an increase of 10.3%. It was mainly due to an increase in sales orders.

    The gross profit margin of this segment dropped from 36.0% in 2017 to 32.1% in 2018, mainly due to more
    competition in 2018 from the market. In addition, with the decrease in general and administrative expenses and the
    reversal of provisions, the segment profit increased from RMB3.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
    RMB6.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

    Investments

    During the Year, the Company sold all of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss at net loss of RMB7.4
    million.

    Loan financing

    During the Year, no new loan was granted and therefore no interest income was generated from this segment (as of 31
    December 2017: nil).

    Property investment

    As of 31 December 2018, no rental income was generated.

    With the increase in fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2018 as compared with 31 December 2017,
    a fair value gain of approximately RMB0.2 million was recognized during the year ended 31 December 2018. The
    increase in fair value was mainly due to the increase in the market price of the investment properties.




6   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Internet Community and Related Businesses

Looking forward, the Group will strive to achieve a higher level of development while maintaining the stability and
continuity of its business strategy.

In terms of internet community services, the Group will continue to rely on China Evergrande’s community resources to
provide the better property service platform.

In the internet home furnishing business, relying on its mature home operation and service system, the Group will
continue to carry out refined operation of its property delivery scenes, orderly expand the target user base, and firmly
promote the standardized and large-scale operation of home furnishing business. The Group will continue to enrich
the house product system, gradually expand the scope of partner brands for the “Home Alliance”, and strive to
improve the level of service. In the future, the Group will constantly meet the demand for improvement and personality
of subgroups while meeting the upgraded consumption needs of most people. Besides, the Group will consolidate
its advantageous resources to provide products, services and brands, gradually expand its B2B business model and
continue to explore more home furnishing business scenes.

In the area of internet materials logistics, the Group will further strengthen the ability of resource integration,
constantly enrich the categories and brands of building material products, and establish a better quality construction
material procurement platform. The Group plans to further improve the construction material supply chain services to
realize steady supply and fast delivery of construction material products. In addition, the Group will also continue to
optimize business cooperation processes, improve the mode of cargo flow, and enhance the efficiency of supply chain
operation. Meanwhile, the Group will improve the local operators system, continue to improve the efficiency of offline
distribution, installation and aftersale services, in order to provide better quality construction material supply chain
services.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the business development of the Group set
out in this announcement or any of the matters set out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realised or
are complete or accurate. Shareholders and/or potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when
dealing in the securities of the Company and not to place undue reliance on the information disclosed herein. Any
holder of securities or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is advised to seek advice from professional
advisors.

APPRECIATION

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing
support to the Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the year ended 31 December 2018.

                                                                                      By order of the Board
                                                                                HengTen Networks Group Limited
                                                                                            Xu Wen
                                                                                            Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2019



                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    FINANCIAL RESULTS

    During the Year, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB499.4 million, representing an increase of 90.8% as
    compared with the revenue of RMB261.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. Such increase in revenue was
    mainly due to a substantial increase in revenue from internet community and related businesses.

    The gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB357.6 million during the Year, representing an increase of 96.1% as
    compared with that of RMB182.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2017. The gross profit margin increased to
    71.6% for the Year from 69.7% for the year ended 31 December 2017. Such increases were mainly due to the increase
    in total profit brought by increased business volume of internet community and related businesses.

    Selling and marketing expenses increased to RMB93.9 million during the Year from RMB14.3 million in 2017,
    representing an increase of 555.6%, which was mainly due to the increase in rental of new warehouses in preparation
    for future business development.

    Administrative expenses increased to RMB116.9 million during the Year from RMB51.3 million of last year, representing
    an increase of 127.6%. With the expansion of the Company’s business, salary for management staff and other
    administrative expenses largely increased. Moreover, additional expenditures were put into exploring the feasibility of
    smart community systems.

    Financial income increased to RMB14.0 million during the Year from RMB1.2 million in 2017, representing an increase
    of 1,037.7%, which was mainly due to higher interest income from fixed deposits in 2018.

    Income tax expenses decreased to RMB20.9 million during the Year from RMB31.0 million in 2017, representing
    a decrease of 32.8%. Such decrease was mainly due to the high-tech enterprise qualification obtained by a PRC
    subsidiary, which allows the internet community and related businesses to enjoy preferential tax rates.

    The Group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB124.5 million during the
    Year, which increased by approximately RMB28.3 million or 29.4% as compared with the profit of approximately
    RMB96.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2017.

    The basic and diluted earnings per share were RMB0.1545 fen and RMB0.1499 fen during the Year respectively, as
    compared to the basic and diluted earnings per share of RMB0.1185 fen and RMB0.1172 fen for the year ended 31
    December 2017 respectively.

    LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES, BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO

    The Group primarily financed its operations through shareholder’s equity, borrowings and cash generated from
    operations. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the liquidity of the Group was closely monitored by the board
    of director of the Company (the “Board”) and the Group reviews its working capital and finance requirements on a
    regular basis.

    Liquidity

    As at 31 December 2018, the Group maintained cash and bank balance of approximately RMB1,227.2 million (as at
    31 December 2017: approximately RMB901.2 million). The increase in cash and bank balance was mainly due to the
    advanced receipt from the provision of the “new properties with move-in condition” service in the internet community
    services segment.




8   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s net equity amounted to approximately RMB1,042.6 million (as at 31 December
2017: approximately RMB881.1 million) with total assets amounted to approximately RMB1,432.0 million (as at 31
December 2017: approximately RMB1,205.8 million). Net current assets were approximately RMB1,040.1 million (as at
31 December 2017: approximately RMB882.0 million) and the current ratio was 4.1 times (as at 31 December 2017:
4.3 times). Gearing ratio calculated on the basis of the Group’s total debts (interest-bearing borrowings plus obligations
under finance lease) over shareholders’ funds was 5.1% (as at 31 December 2017: 5.8%).

COMMITMENT

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had capital commitment of approximately RMB31,000 mainly for the system
development and purchase of technology equipment in relation to the internet community service online platform (as
at 31 December 2017: approximately RMB3.1 million).

CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group had significant amount of assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) as at 31 December 2018.
The internet community service business is mainly carried out in RMB in the PRC. Therefore, the Group is exposed to
the risk of significant fluctuation in RMB exchange rates. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group closely
monitored the fluctuation and does not expect any material fluctuation of exchange rates in the near future, but will
continue to monitor it.

CHARGE OF ASSETS

During the Year, the Group did not have any charges on assets (as at 31 December 2017, margin facilities of
approximately RMB20.3 million from one regulated securities broker were granted to the Group under which financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately RMB53.0 million were treated as collateral for the facilities
granted.)

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Company and the Group did not provide corporate guarantee to its subsidiaries or other parties and did not have
other contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2018 (as at 31 December 2017: nil).

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2018, the Group employed approximately 448 employees. The remuneration policy of the Group is
to reward its employees with reference to their qualifications, experience and work performance as well as to market
benchmarks. Employee benefits include medical insurance coverage and mandatory provident fund, etc.. Total staff
costs for the year ended 31 December 2018, including directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately RMB172.9
million (2017: RMB 61.6 million).

FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2018 (for the year
ended 31 December 2017: nil).

MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL

During the year ended 31 December 2018, there was no material acquisition and disposal.

                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    9
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Company acts as an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries principally engage in the internet community
     and related businesses, the business of investment and trading of securities, provision of loan financing, property
     investment, manufacturing and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products.

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     A review of the Group’s business during the year under review and a discussion on the Group’s future business
     development, possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing and important events affecting the
     Company which occurred during the year ended 31 December 2018 are provided in the section headed “Chairman’s
     Statement”, the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report and note 3 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     The Group manages environmental and social issues that affect the Group and on which the Group can have an impact.
     All activities of the Group must comply with the laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates in relation
     to emissions, use of resources and environmental protection. The Group reduces the consumption of energy and other
     resources, reduces wastes and protects natural resources. The Group implements separate collection and disposal of the
     non-hazardous wastes and few ink boxes and toner cartridges generated during its operation process and is committed
     to minimizing the impacts of its operation on the natural environment during the operation. The Group actively
     guides employees to implement the concept of green environmental protection in their daily work. Based on business
     characteristics and relying on the carrier of the network platform, the Group gradually delivers green environmental
     protection information to owners and customers in a timely manner to help improve the public’s awareness and
     attention to environmental protection.

     Also, the Group has actively managed and monitored the risk to protect and help the business development of the
     Group. The Group considered that the relationship with its customers has a relatively significant impact on the Group.
     The information about the Group’s major customers, risk associated with reliance on those major customers and
     measures to mitigate such risk are disclosed in note 3.1 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

     The results of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in the consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income on pages 81 and 82 of this annual report.

     The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     SHARE CAPITAL AND WARRANTS

     Details of movements in the share capital and warrants of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2018 are
     set out in notes 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.




10   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



SHARE OPTIONS

The Company’s 2013 share option scheme (the “2013 Option Scheme”), was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed
on 31 October 2013, for the primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to participants thereunder for their
contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human
resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity and which will expire 10 years after the date of
adoption. Under the 2013 Option Scheme, the board of directors of the Company may, at its discretion, grant options
to supplier, customer, person or entity that provides research, development or technological support or other services
to the Group or any invested entity, shareholder or any member of the Group or any invested entity, holder of any
securities issued by any member of the Group or invested entity and employee, including executive and non-executive
directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any invested entity to subscribe for shares in the Company at a
price of (i) the closing price of the shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of grant of the option, which
must be a trading day or (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant of the options or (iii) the nominal value of the shares,
whichever is the higher.

The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be
exercised under the 2013 Option Scheme and any other schemes shall not exceed 30% of the total number of the
issued share of the Company from time to time. The number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share
options to be granted under the 2013 Option Scheme shall not exceed 7,359,057,611 shares, representing 10% of
the total number of shares in issue on 10 June 2016, the date when the refreshment of the scheme mandate limit was
approved by shareholders of the Company.

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to each participant (including both
exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period cannot exceed 1% of the total number of the issued share
of the Company. Upon acceptance of option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration of
the grant. An option may be exercised at any time during the validity period of the options.

There is no vesting period or market or non-market performance condition for the 2013 Option Scheme. The expiry date
of the option is 10 years after the grant.

No share option was granted during the year ended 31 December 2018 and there was no outstanding share option of
the Company as at 31 December 2018.

INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the Group’s investment properties and property, plant and equipment during the year ended
31 December 2018 are set out in notes 9 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.




                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  11
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company’s reserve was as follows:
                                                                                          31 December            31 December
                                                                                                 2018                   2017
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

     Contributed surplus                                                                         63,481                63,481
     Accumulated losses                                                                      (3,817,635)           (3,813,904)


                                                                                             (3,754,154)           (3,750,423)


     Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company is available for
     distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed
     surplus if:

     (a)   the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

     (b)   the realisable value of the Company would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share
           capital and share premium accounts.

     DIRECTORS AND SERVICE CONTRACTS

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report were as follows:

     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Xu Wen                           (Chairman)

     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo

     Mr. Huang Xiangui

     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang

     Independent Non-executive Directors:

     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David

     Mr. Nie Zhixin

     Mr. Chen Haiquan

     Professor Shi Zhuomin




12   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


Pursuant to bye-law 87 of the Company’s Bye-laws, each of Mr. Huang Xiangui, Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang and Professor Shi
Zhuomin will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”) and, being eligible,
offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which is
not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and each of the independent
non-executive Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, all for a term of three years and is
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party
and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly,
subsisted during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2018.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2018, the interest and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) as required to be kept
and recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to
the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
directors of the Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) as adopted by the Company, was as follows:

Long positions in shares of China Evergrande Group:

                                                                            Beneficial interest        Approximate %
Name of Director                                   Nature of interest                in shares             of interest

Chau Shing Yim David                                  Beneficial owner               1,000,000                      0.01

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors, the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and any of
its associated corporations that were required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2018 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities
(including debentures) of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors, or their spouses or
children under the age of eighteen, had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any
such rights during the year ended 31 December 2018.

                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    13
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO

     As at 31 December 2018, shareholders who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
     Company of 5% or more which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded
     in the register to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

     Interest in the shares and underlying shares – long positions:

                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage of
                                           Number of Deemed interests                                                       issued share
                                      ordinary shares   in number of                                                       capital of the
     Name of shareholder                         held         shares                   Total    Capacity                       Company

     China Evergrande Group            40,417,570,910      4,706,459,934     45,124,030,844     Interest of a controlled         60.47%
                                                                                                  corporation

     Solution Key Holdings Limited     40,417,570,910      4,706,459,934     45,124,030,844     Beneficial owner                 60.47%
      (Note 1)

     Tencent Holdings Limited          14,697,298,513      1,711,439,976     16,408,738,489     Interest of a controlled         21.99%
                                                                                                  corporation

     Water Lily Investment Limited     14,697,298,513      1,711,439,976     16,408,738,489     Beneficial owner                 21.99%
      (Note 2)

     Note:


     (1)     Solution Key Holdings Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group.


     (2)     Water Lily Investment Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, the Company had not been notified by any person who had interests
     or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which fell to be disclosed to the Company under
     Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by Company under Section 336 of the
     SFO.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SHARES

     There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the Company’s listed securities
     during the year ended 31 December 2018.




14   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 31 December 2018, the percentages of the Group’s turnover attributable to its largest customer
and five largest customers were 5.7% and 27.1% respectively. The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the
Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 40.2% of the Group’s total purchases and the amount of
purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier was approximately 10.1% of the Group’s total purchases.

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than
5% of the Company’s issued share capital) has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisting during the year ended 31 December
2018.

STRUCTURED CONTRACTS

Background

As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this
report, the three principal businesses of the Group are internet community services, internet home furnishing and
internet materials logistics. The Company (1) provides internet community services including collection of property
management fees, property repair and maintenance, owners’ voices and other services through the HengTen Mimi APP;
and (2) carries out internet home furnishing business and internet materials logistics business, which involves value-
added telecommunication services such as e-commerce business (the “Restricted Business”). As the Company is a
company incorporated in Bermuda, it is classified as a foreign enterprise under the PRC laws, rules and regulations.

On 11 December 2001, the State Council adopted the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign-invested
Telecommunication Enterprises (as amended on 10 September 2008 and amended for the second time on 6 February
2016, the “FITE Regulations”). Article 6 of the FITE Regulations provided that foreign ownership of foreign-invested
telecommunication enterprises operating value-added telecommunication businesses cannot exceed 50%. At the same
time, Article 10 of the FITE Regulations further provides that foreign investors in a foreign-invested telecommunication
enterprise engaging in value-added telecommunication businesses shall have a good business record and experience in
operating value-added telecommunication business (the “Qualification Requirement”).

On 19 June 2015, Circular on Removing the Restrictions on Shareholding Ratio Held by Foreign Investors in Online Data
Processing and Transaction Processing (Operating E-commerce) Business (“Circular No. 196”) was issued by the PRC
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, which allows foreign ownership in enterprises operating in certain
categories of e-commerce business to up to 100%, but the foreign shareholder shall still be subject to other conditions
and requirement for foreign investment, including the Qualification Requirement under the FITE Regulations.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   15
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


     We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that after enquiring with the relevant telecommunications
     administration, the Company’s business operations fall under the “online data and transaction processing business”
     (B21) (the “Online Data and Transaction Processing Business”) and “information services business” (B25)
     (the “Information Services Business“) in the second category of value-added telecommunication businesses
     in the Classification Catalogue of Telecommunication Services (2015 version, effective from 1 March 2016) (the
     “Catalogue”).

     Accordingly, our PRC legal counsel advised that currently, the Online Data and Transaction Processing Business can be
     owned by foreign investor of up to 100%. However, the foreign investor must meet the Qualification Requirement. The
     Information Services Business can only be owned by foreign investor of up to 50% and the foreign investor must meet
     the Qualification Requirement.

     As the current foreign shareholders of the WFOE (as defined below) do not meet the Qualification Requirement,
     irrespective of which category the WFOE’s business is treated to be under, there may still be substantial legal
     impediments for the WFOE to directly apply for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits.

     As a result, the Restricted Business of the Group is carried out by Shenzhen HengTen Networks Company Limited
     (“OPCO”,深圳市恒騰網絡有限公司) under the Structured Contracts with Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services
     Company Limited (“WFOE”,深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Structured
     Contracts are detailed below under the paragraph headed “The Structured Contracts”.

     The Company agrees that it would unwind the Structured Contracts as soon as the relevant laws and regulations allow
     foreign investors to own the entire equity interest of the OPCO.

     We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules
     and regulations, including those applicable to the WFOE and the OPCO.

     The OPCO is 55% owned by Ms. Deng Miaojing (“Ms. Deng”) and 45% owned by Ms. Yu Siyu (“Ms. Yu”, together
     with Ms. Deng, the “OPCO Shareholders”).

     The product of the Group’s internet services are currently in the forms of HengTen Mimi APP, the online internet
     home and e-commerce platform-HTmehome and the online e-commerce platform-HT materials e-mall. As disclosed
     in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report, the
     Group’s three major business sectors, being internet community services, internet home furnishing and internet
     materials logistics, picked up a strong momentum in 2018. The Restricted Business of the Group needs to be operated
     by the OPCO in order to obtain registered user and traffic growth, so as to acquire core user base and platform
     for commencing the Group’s business. Looking forward to the near future, the Group expects the Group’s three
     major business sectors, being internet community services, internet home furnishing and internet materials logistics,
     to grow and accordingly, it is expected that the abovementioned three major business sectors of the Group will
     become the principal businesses of the Group in the future. As the Restricted Business is a material component of the
     abovementioned three major business sectors of the Group, the performance of which is expected to become material
     to the overall performance of the Group in the future.




16   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


The OPCO conducts its business through PC websites or mobile Apps of which it owns or is authorised to operate. The
business which OPCO operates includes publishing advertisement information to internet users, online orders, online
payments, activating third party payment and other online application services, and such types of businesses relate to
the Information Services Business. Furthermore, OPCO also provides platform services through its PC websites or mobile
Apps allowing third party vendors of goods or services to set up online virtual shops, and such types of businesses relate
to the Online Data and Transaction Processing Business.

The Group’s total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2018 contributed by OPCO under the Structured Contracts
amounted to approximately RMB194 million (RMB193,826,331), representing approximately 39% of the Group’s
total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2018, and the total assets of OPCO as at 31 December 2018 were
approximately RMB463 million (RMB462,640,467), representing approximately 32% of the total assets of the Group as
at 31 December 2018.

The Structured Contracts

The Structured Contracts are designed to enable the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the
business and operations of the OPCO together with effective control over and (to the extent permitted by PRC laws,
rules and regulations) the right to purchase the equity interests in and/or assets of the OPCO.

(1)    Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement

       Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE
       and OPCO, among other things, WFOE agreed to provide the relevant technological support and management
       consultancy services, consultancy on procurement of software and hardware, staff training and support,
       development and marketing of various platforms, industry consultancy and product development and business
       partners and market information to OPCO as OPCO’s exclusive service provider; and is entitled to receive service
       fees at a range of 90% to 100% of the total monthly operating profit of OPCO. Except as otherwise agreed,
       the OPCO shall not accept the same range of service provided by any third parties in the effective period of the
       agreement.

(2)    Business Management Agreement

       Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE, OPCO and OPCO
       Shareholders, among other things,

       •      OPCO Shareholders agreed to procure OPCO not to enter into any transaction which may materially
              affect its assets, business operation, human resources, right and obligations, or company management,
              unless with prior written consent from WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE;

       •      OPCO and OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time
              to time in relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day business management,
              financial management, etc.; and

       •      each of OPCO Shareholders agreed to, upon receiving any dividend or any other earnings or income from
              OPCO as its shareholder, immediately and unconditionally pay or transfer all such earnings or income to
              WFOE at nil consideration.


                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



     (3)   Call Option Agreement

           Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE, OPCO and OPCO Shareholders,
           OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to, as and when
           permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO
           held by OPCO Shareholders for a consideration of RMB10,000, or when appraisal is required under PRC laws,
           rules and regulations, 1% of the appraisal price or at the lowest price permitted by the then applicable PRC laws,
           rules and regulations.

     (4)   Equity Pledge Agreement

           Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE and OPCO Shareholders, OPCO
           Shareholders pledged the entire equity interests in OPCO to WFOE as security for the performance of the
           obligations under the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement
           and Call Option Agreement. The filing procedures of the equity pledge were completed on 15 April 2016.

     (5)   Powers of Attorney

           Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney dated 1 April 2016 executed by each of OPCO Shareholders, directors of
           WFOE and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to, among
           other things, exercise all rights of OPCO Shareholders, including but not limited to the rights to vote in a
           shareholders’ meeting, appoint directors and other senior executives, sign minutes, file documents with the
           relevant companies registry, and sell, transfer, pledge or deal in the equity interest held by OPCO Shareholders.

     (6)   Undertakings

           Pursuant to the Undertakings dated 1 April 2016 executed by Ms. Deng and Ms. Yu (being the OPCO
           Shareholders) respectively,

           •      any successor to her shall hold the respective equity interest in OPCO subject to the conditions,
                  requirements and obligations under the Undertaking and the Structured Contracts;

           •      her respective equity interest in OPCO does not form part of the community property, and her decisions
                  in relation to OPCO shall not be affected by her spouse;

           •      she will neither, directly or indirectly (either on her own or through any other individual or legal entity),
                  participate or be engaged in any business which is or may be in competition with the business of OPCO or
                  its associated company, or acquire or hold any such business, nor carry on any activities which may lead
                  to any conflict of interest between herself and WFOE;

           •      in the event that she receives any asset in relation to the liquidation of OPCO, she agrees to transfer to
                  WFOE such assets at nil consideration or at the lowest consideration as permitted by the then applicable
                  laws and regulations; and

           •      in the event that she receives any amount from WFOE or any third party in relation to the exercise of the
                  call option under the Call Option Agreement, she agrees to unconditionally return all such amount to
                  WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE.



18   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


       Pursuant to the Undertaking dated 1 April 2016 executed by Mr. Li Yueqi, Ms. Deng’s spouse,

       •      the equity interest in OPCO held by Ms. Deng does not form part of the community property; and

       •      any income arising in relation to such equity interest in OPCO shall be solely owned and disposed by
              Ms. Deng and he will neither claim any rights to such income, nor participate in the management of the
              business operation of OPCO.

As advised by our PRC legal counsel, appropriate provisions have been incorporated in the Structured Contracts to
protect WFOE’s interests in the event of death, bankruptcy or divorce of the OPCO Shareholders of its equity interest
in OPCO to avoid any practical difficulties in enforcing the Structured Contracts. The Structured Contracts encompass
certain provisions setting out that the respective contracts shall be legally binding on the legal assignees or successors
of the parties thereto.

We have also implemented measures to protect against the potential conflicts of interest between the Group and the
OPCO Shareholders. Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement, the OPCO and OPCO Shareholders agreed to
strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of
employee, day-to-day business management, financial management, etc. Under the Call Option Agreement, the OPCO
Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to purchase all or any part of the
equity interests in OPCO as and when permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, under
the Powers of Attorney executed by the OPCO Shareholders, directors of WFOE and their successors were irrevocably
appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to exercise the shareholders’ rights in OPCO on behalf of the
OPCO Shareholders. As a result, we have minimised the OPCO Shareholders’ influence on the business operations of
OPCO.

The entering into of the Structured Contracts did not constitute any notifiable transaction required to be disclosed
under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, nor any connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules as, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, the
OPCO Shareholders and the OPCO were not connected persons of the Company.

The risks associated with the Structured Contracts and the actions taken by the Company to
mitigate the risks (where applicable)

Business risks and financial risks borne by the Group as the primary beneficiary of OPCO

As the primary beneficiary of OPCO, the Group is exposed to the business risks and financial risks faced by OPCO. Any
profit or loss of the OPCO will be reflected in the consolidated financial results of the Group.

The OPCO is now in the process of applying for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits. If the OPCO
fails to obtain the requisite licenses and approvals to operate the Restricted Business in the PRC, the Group’s internet
business may be adversely affected.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



     The PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not comply with applicable
     PRC laws, rules and regulations

     As advised by our PRC legal counsel, the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and regulations
     applicable to the business of the WFOE and OPCO, do not contravene the articles of association of the WFOE and
     OPCO respectively, and would not be deemed as “concealing illegal intentions with a lawful form” and void under the
     PRC Contract Law. The Structured Contracts are valid and enforceable against the parties to the Structured Contracts.
     Our PRC legal counsel also confirms that all necessary actions or steps have been taken to enable it to reach its legal
     conclusions.

     Despite there is currently no indication that the Structured Contracts will be interfered or objected by any PRC
     regulatory authorities, our PRC legal counsel has advised that there is a possibility that the relevant PRC regulatory
     authorities may have different opinions on the interpretation of the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations and
     would not agree that the Structured Contracts can be performed under the applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations
     that may be adopted in the future, and the authorities may deny the validity, effectiveness and enforceability of the
     Structured Contracts.

     The possible impact of the PRC Foreign Investment Law on the Structured Contract and the OPCO

     On March 15, 2019, the Second Session of the 13th National People’s Congress of the PRC passed the Foreign
     Investment Law, which will be implemented on January 1, 2020.

     The formally passed law has no significant impact on the structured contract and the business of the OPCO for the time
     being.

     Despite this, our PRC legal counsel advised that according to the Foreign Investment Law, “investment in laws,
     administrative regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council” is also a “foreign investment”. Due to
     uncertain new laws in the future, administrative regulations or regulations of the State Council on defining “foreign
     investment”, it’s not guaranteed that whether there will be any significant impact on the future of the structure
     contract and the business of the OPCO.

     If the law, administrative regulations or the State Council stipulate otherwise that “foreign investment” is defined and
     the authorities deny the legality, limitation and enforceability of the structural contract, the Group will lose the control
     right of the OPCO, fail to merge the financial results of the OPCO or properly safeguard, determine and control the
     assets of the OPCO, which will have significant adverse impacts on the Group’s business, financial condition and results
     of operations.

     The Board will continue to monitor the progress of relevant laws, administrative regulations or the regulations of State
     Council and discuss with the Company’s PRC legal counsel. If the business of the Group or the OPCO is significantly
     affected, the Company will promptly publish the announcement regarding the relevant significant progress and its
     impact.




20   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing control over and entitlement to the
economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership

The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing the WFOE with control over and entitlement to the
economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership. If WFOE had direct ownership of OPCO, WFOE would be able to
directly exercise its rights as a holder of equity interest to effect changes in the board of directors of OPCO.

However, under the Structured Contracts, WFOE can only rely on OPCO and OPCO Shareholders’ performance of their
contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The OPCO Shareholders may not act in the best interests of the
WFOE or may not perform their obligations under the Structured Contracts. Such risk exists and the Group expects it
to continue to exist throughout the period in which the Group intends to operate its business through the Structured
Contracts with OPCO.

In addition, the Group has not purchased any insurance to cover risks relating to the enforcement of the Structured
Contracts due to unavailability of such insurance product in the market at the moment based on the best knowledge
of the Group. Therefore, the Structured Contracts may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing the Group
with control over OPCO.

The exercise of the call option under the Call Option Agreement is subject to applicable laws and regulations of the
PRC. There is no assurance that the call option to purchase the entire equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO
Shareholders under the Call Option Agreement will be permitted in the future, or whether such acquisition will incur
any costs and expenses to the Group in addition to the consideration stipulated under the Call Option Agreement.
For instance, if the consideration for the transfer of equity interest in OPCO to WFOE required by the PRC laws, rules
and regulations is substantially high and the OPCO Shareholders fail to return the consideration to the WFOE or if the
competent tax authority require the WFOE to pay enterprise income tax for such returned ownership transfer income
with reference to the market value instead of the consideration as stipulated under the Call Option Agreement, in
which case the WFOE may be subject to a substantial amount of tax, the financial conditions of the WFOE may be
materially and adversely affected.

Potential conflicts of interest among the WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders may exist

OPCO and OPCO Shareholders may fail to take certain actions required for the Group’s business or to follow WFOE’s
instructions despite their contractual obligations to do so. If they fail to perform their obligations under their respective
Structured Contracts with the WFOE, the WFOE may have to rely on legal remedies under the PRC laws, including
seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, which may not be effective.

Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement, Call Option
Agreement and Equity Pledge Agreement (the “Corporate Contracts”), any disputes arising from these agreements
between the parties thereto should first be resolved through negotiation, failing which by arbitration at the South
China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (also known as the Shenzhen Court of International
Arbitration) (“SCIETAC”) in accordance with the arbitration rules thereof (the “Arbitration Clause”). The arbitral
tribunal may award remedies over the shares or land assets of OPCO, injunctive relief (such as stipulating certain
conducts of business or compelling transfer of assets) or order the winding up of OPCO. Any disputes between the
parties to the Powers of Attorney and the Undertakings may be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Clause if
the arbitral tribunal and/or the PRC court consider that those disputes fall under the scope of the Arbitration Clause
under the Structured Contracts.


                                                       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                      21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


     The Structured Contracts also provide that pending formation of the arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, the
     courts of Hong Kong, the Company’s place of incorporation (Bermuda), OPCO’s place of establishment (the PRC), the
     jurisdiction where the principal assets of the Company and OPCO are located (the PRC) have the power to grant interim
     remedies in support of the arbitration.

     However, as advised by the PRC legal counsel of the Company, according to the PRC laws, rules and regulations, the
     arbitral tribunal normally would not grant such kind of remedies or injunctive relief or winding up order of such PRC
     operational entities as the OPCO under the PRC laws, rules and regulations. For instance, the arbitral tribunal has no
     authority to grant such injunctive relief, nor will it be able to order the winding up of the PRC operational entities
     pursuant to existing PRC laws, rules and regulations. In addition, interim remedies or enforcement orders granted by
     overseas courts such as Hong Kong and Bermuda may not be recognizable or enforceable in the PRC.

     Furthermore, as the parties to the Structured Contracts are PRC entities and the subject matters contained therein are
     related to the PRC, the courts of Hong Kong and Bermuda may not accept that they are the proper forum for legal
     proceedings concerning the disputes (not including a request for interim remedies and any other remedies in support
     of the arbitration) between the parties arising under the Structured Contracts.

     The courts of Hong Kong may grant an interim remedies in support of arbitral proceedings commenced pursuant to the
     Arbitration Clause only if the arbitral proceedings are capable of giving rise to an arbitral award that may be enforced in
     Hong Kong and the interim remedies sought belongs to a type or description of interim remedies that may be granted
     in Hong Kong in relation to arbitral proceedings by Hong Kong courts. There is a risk that the courts of Hong Kong
     may refuse such interim remedies because an arbitral award from SCIETAC may be refused enforcement in Hong Kong
     because SCIETAC is currently not a recognized Mainland arbitral authority (as defined in the Hong Kong Arbitration
     Ordinance (Cap. 609)), but SCIETAC could acquire such status when a dispute arises.

     Further, the court of Hong Kong may decline to grant an interim remedies on the ground that (a) the interim remedies
     sought is currently the subject of arbitral proceedings; and (b) the court considers it more appropriate for the interim
     remedies to be dealt with by the arbitral tribunal.

     If any of the parties refers any dispute (not including a request for interim remedies and any other measures in support
     of the arbitration) arising out of the Structured Contracts to the court of Hong Kong and the dispute falls within the
     scope of the Arbitration Clause, the court will, if a party so requests not later than when submitting his first statement
     on the substance of the dispute, refer the parties to arbitration unless it finds the Arbitration Clause null, void,
     inoperative or incapable of being performed.

     The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax
     may be imposed

     The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed
     on the WFOE. The WFOE may face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured
     Contracts were not entered into based on arm’s length negotiations. If the PRC tax authorities determine that the
     Structured Contracts were not entered into on an arm’s length basis, they may adjust the income and expenses of the
     WFOE for PRC tax purposes, which could result in higher tax liabilities on the WFOE.

     The operating and financial results of WFOE may be materially and adversely affected if the tax liabilities of OPCO or
     those of WFOE increase significantly or if they are required to pay interest on late payments.




22   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



Internal control measures

The Company has put in place effective internal controls over WFOE and OPCO to safeguard its assets held through
the Structured Contracts. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, WFOE is subject to all the internal control
processes and procedures applicable to the Group.

The operations of OPCO are exclusively controlled by WFOE through the Structured Contracts and the Group has
applied its internal control processes and procedures to OPCO.

In particular, pursuant to the Structured Contracts, WFOE has the right to appoint, and has appointed, the directors,
general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management of OPCO and WFOE has the right to hire and
terminate employees of OPCO.

EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy of employees of the Group is set up by the Remuneration Committee on the basis of their merit,
qualifications, experience and competence.

The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the Company’s
operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

Saved as disclosed in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements which is fully exempted from Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules, the Company was not aware of any other related party transactions which constitute a connected
transaction of the Group, nor are there any connected transactions that need to be disclosed in this annual report under
the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION

Up to the date of this report, the Group conducted the following transaction which constituted continuing connected
transaction for the Company under the Listing Rules, in respect of which announcement dated 29 December 2017 was
issued.

On 29 December 2017, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Shenzhen HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd.*
( 深 圳 市 恒 騰 網 絡 服 務 有 限 公 司 ) entered into an equipment usage contract (the “Equipment Usage Contract”)
with Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (恒大互聯網金融服務（深圳）有限公司) which is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company. The transaction
contemplated under the Equipment Usage Contract constituted a continuing connected transaction of the Company
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)


     Pursuant to the Equipment Usage Contract, HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd. will provide Evergrande Internet
     Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. with server configuration, data backup system, NETAPP storage equipment and
     other network equipment for use and will charge Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. a total
     amount of RMB24,840,000 as usage fees for such equipment during the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December
     2020. Based on the business development needs of the Company, the Group currently owns sufficient network
     equipment to meet its own needs and has extra equipment available for lease. Not only will the Equipment Usage
     Contract bring stable revenue to the Group, it will also provide Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co.,
     Ltd. with such equipment that meets its requirements for safety and reliability. Please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 29 December 2017 for details.

     *   For identification purpose only


     As all of the applicable percentage ratios calculated from the proposed annual caps of the above mentioned continuing
     connected transaction were less than 25% and the amount of each proposed annual cap was less than HK$10,000,000,
     the transaction contemplated under the Equipment Usage Contract is subject to the reporting and announcement
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but is exempt from the circular (including independent financial
     advice) and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2)(b) of the Listing Rules.

     The aforesaid continuing connected transaction has been reviewed by independent non-executive directors of
     the Company. The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirmed that the aforesaid connected
     transaction was entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) either on normal
     commercial terms or better; (c) in accordance with the relevant Equipment Usage Contract on terms that are fair and
     reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transaction
     in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
     Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
     on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in
     respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transaction in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and
     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction:
     (i) has not been approved by the board of directors of the Company; (ii) was not entered into, in all material respects,
     in accordance with the relevant agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii) has exceeded the maximum aggregate
     annual caps in respect of the disclosed continuing connected transaction.

     Save as disclosed above, no other transactions between connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) and the
     Company have been entered into and/or are ongoing for which relevant announcements are required to be made by
     the Company in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




24   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors and their respective
associates are considered to have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or
indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, as defined in the Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout
the year ended 31 December 2018.

CHANGE OF PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

The Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong has been changed to 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38
Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong with effect from 8 December 2017.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group has not made any charitable donations during the year ended 31 December 2018 (year ended 31 December
2017: nil).

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Up to the date of this report and saved as disclosed under the section of abovementioned “Continuing Connected
Transaction”, no material events have occurred after the reporting period.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)



     FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     The summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five years is set out on page 166 of this report.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     Subject to the applicable laws, every director of the Group’s companies shall be entitled to be indemnified by the
     relevant company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him or her in the execution
     and discharge of his or her duties or in relation thereto pursuant to such company’s constitutional documents. Such
     provisions were in force during the course of the year ended 31 December 2018 and remained in force as of the date
     of this report.

     AUDITORS

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
     (“PwC”). A resolution will be submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the
     Company.

     Approved by the Board on 21 March 2019
     For and on behalf of the Board




     Xu Wen
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 21 March 2019




26   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                            PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The biographical details of Directors and senior management as at 21 March 2019, being the date of this annual report,
are set out below:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Xu Wen, aged 55, has over 20 years of experience in construction project management, construction research
and design. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xu was an executive director of China Evergrande Group, a controlling
shareholder of the Company (Stock Code: 3333, with shares listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited) and had left such position on 25 April 2017. Mr. Xu is currently the chairman of the Board, executive
director, chairman of the nomination committee, member of the remuneration committee and the authorised
representative of the Company.

Mr. Xu holds a bachelor’s degree in civil construction and a master’s degree in project management. He is a registered
structural engineer and a qualified supervising engineer in the People’s Republic of China.

Mr. Liu Yongzhuo, aged 39, has over 16 years of experience in human resource management, investment and
operation of real estate projects, innovations in finance areas and management and operation of multi-industry
companies. Mr. Liu has been serving China Evergrande since 2003, and had served as a vice president of China
Evergrande, in charge of Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao Football Club, Evergrande culture industry group, Evergrande
agricultural animal husbandry group, Evergrande internet financial group and Evergrande high-tech group. He is now
serving as the chairman of the board of directors of Evergrande new energy technology group.

Mr. Liu graduated from East China Normal University and Wuhan University of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s
degree in business management and a master’s degree in engineering.

Mr. Huang Xiangui, aged 48, has over 19 years of experience in marketing, human resource management and
operation, management of foreign-funded enterprises, capital market and investor relation management. Mr. Huang
has been serving China Evergrande since 2004 and now serves as an executive director and the general manager of the
Hong Kong office of China Evergrande Group (Stock Code: 3333). China Evergrande Group is a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Huang also acts as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Huang graduated from Harbin Engineering University and University of Stirling in the United Kingdom and obtained
a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and a master degree in banking and finance.

Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang, aged 43, has over 15 years of experience in management in the mobile internet business. Mr.
Zhuo has been serving Tencent since 2004 and has served as the manager of South China area of the mobile internet
group and the general manager of the business operations and commerce department of the mobile internet group
of Tencent. Since 2015, Mr. Zhuo had served as the general manager of the industry co-operation department of the
WeChat group of Tencent, and now serves as the general manager of government co-operation center of WeChat Pay.

Mr. Zhuo graduated from the Beijing Institute of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s degree in communications
engineering.




                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  27
     PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)



     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, aged 55, has over 20 years of experience in corporate finance covering projects ranging
     from initial public offering transactions and restructuring of PRC enterprises to cross-border and domestic takeover
     transactions. Mr. Chau was formerly a partner of one of the big four accounting firms in Hong Kong, holding the
     position as their Head of Merger and Acquisition and Corporate Advisory. He is a member of the Hong Kong Securities
     Institute, the member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (“ICAEW”), and was granted
     the Corporate Finance Qualification of ICAEW. Mr. Chau is also the member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and was an ex-committee member of the Disciplinary Panel of HKICPA. Mr. Chau is the
     member of Jinan Municipal Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultation Conference, a director of Hong
     Kong Securities and Investments Institute and Hospital Governing Committee of Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern
     Hospital since 1 April 2017. Mr. Chau is currently is an independent non-executive director of Man Wah Holdings
     Limited (Stock Code: 1999), Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing Limited (Stock Code: 2314), China Evergrande Group
     (Stock Code: 3333), Richly Field China Development Limited (Stock Code: 313), Evergrande Health Industry Group
     Limited (Stock Code: 708), IDG Energy Investment Group Limited (Stock Code: 650), Asia Grocery Distribution Limited
     (Stock Code: 8413) and Branding China Group Limited (Stock Code: 863). All the aforesaid companies are listed on
     the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chau was also an executive director of China Solar Energy Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 155)
     from May 2015 to June 2015, an independent non-executive director of Up Energy Development Group Limited (Stock
     Code: 307) from June 2013 to September 2015, and Varitronix International Limited (Stock Code: 710) from July 2009
     to June 2016. All the aforesaid companies are listed on the Stock Exchange.

     Mr. Nie Zhixin, aged 56, is the standing vice president of the Henan Chamber of Commerce in the Guangdong
     province, vice president of the Tianhe Road Chamber of Commerce in Guangzhou, vice president of the Chain-
     operations Management Association in Guangzhou and general manager of Gladith Fashion Co., Ltd. in Guangzhou. In
     1990, Mr. Nie established the “GLADITH•葛來娣” fashion brand in Guangzhou which has now become one of the well-
     known women’s fashion brands in the PRC.

     Mr. Chen Haiquan, aged 49, is a doctorate holder from the Chuo University, Japan, a professor and doctoral
     supervisor at the Jinan University. He also serves as the director of the Guangdong Institute of Asia-pacific E-commerce,
     dean of the Guangdong Research Institute of Modern Logistics, executive president and secretary-general of the
     Association of Logistics and Supply Chain in the Guangdong province, vice president of the Association of Business
     and Economics in the Guangdong province and vice secretary-general of Chinese Association of Market Development.
     Mr. Chen served as an independent director of Guangzhou Friendship Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 00987). He is currently the independent non-executive director of the Company,
     an independent director of each of Guangzhou Jiacheng International Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shanghai
     Stock Exchange, stock code: 603535) and Moso Power Supply Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SME board of
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002660).

     Mr. Chen graduated from the graduate school of Daito Bunka University, Japan and the graduate school of Chuo
     University, Japan and obtained a master’s degree in economics and a doctorate in comprehensive policy, respectively.




28   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)


Professor Shi Zhuomin, aged 47, has obtained a doctoral degree in management from Sun Yat-sen University and
a postdoctoral degree from Hitotsubashi University in Japan and is a visiting scholar under the China-US Fulbright
Program. Professor Shi studied at and visited The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Harvard Business School and
the University of Missouri and visited various countries and regions including the United States, Japan, Germany,
Brazil and Hong Kong for academic exchange. She also held lectures on “Marketing Practice in China” and “Chinese
Luxury Consumption” for students from Europe, the United States and Japan studying in China and held lectures on
“Understanding Chinese Consumers” at certain universities in the United States. Professor Shi currently focuses on the
research of consumption behaviour and psychology, cross-culture consumption behaviour comparison research and
international marketing.

Professor Shi is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor in the management school at Sun Yat-sen University. She
is also a council member of China Marketing Association of University, a provincial investigation and consulting expert
of Guangdong Province and an external academic advisor of the MScMIB program of Lingnan University in Hong Kong.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Chan Oi Ling, Maria Olimpia, aged 75, is the founder of the Group. Ms. Chan was the chairman of the Company
up to 7 April 2008. After resignation from the Board, Ms. Chan remains as a director of certain subsidiaries of the
Company so as to facilitate her to give advice and pass on her valuable experience in the manufacturing and sales of
goods operations. Ms. Chan has over 40 years of experience in the industry of manufacturing and sale of accessories
for photographic products.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board considers that good corporate governance practices are crucial to the smooth and effective operation of the
     Group and the safeguarding of the interests of the shareholders and other stakeholders of the Company. The Company
     has put in place internal policies to ensure the compliance and has adopted and complied with the code provisions
     set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing
     of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited during the year ended 31 December 2018 except for the
     following deviation from the Code provision:

     •      Code provision A.2.1 stipulated that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and
            should not be performed by the same individual. During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company has
            no such title as chief executive officer. The overall responsibility of supervising and ensuring that the Group
            functions in line with the order of the Board in terms of day-to-day operation and execution is vested in the
            Board itself.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Board determines the overall strategies of the Group, monitors and controls operating and financial performance,
     analyses and formulates strategies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board also decides
     on matters such as annual and interim results, dividend policy, director appointments, and significant changes in
     accounting policy, material contracts and major investments. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility
     of overseeing the Group’s day-to-day operations to management executives.

     Composition of the Board

     During the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises the following
     executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors.

     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo
     Mr. Huang Xiangui
     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang

     Independent non-executive Directors:

     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
     Mr. Nie Zhixin
     Mr. Chen Haiquan
     Professor Shi Zhuomin




30   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


Biographical details of the current members of the Board are set out on page 27 to page 29 of this annual report.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Board has at all times met the requirements of Rule 3.10 of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, and at least one
independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial
management expertise.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period of three years. Each
of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
three years. The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-
laws”). In accordance with the Bye-laws, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors
for the time being or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-
third shall retire from office by rotation, provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall
be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied with the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors.

Board Diversity

The Board has established a set of board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board
with the aims of enhancing Board effectiveness and corporate governance as well as achieving the Group’s business
objectives and sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but
not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, required expertise,
skills, knowledge and length of service. The current Board consists of a diverse mix of Board members appropriate to
the requirement of the business of the Company.

Roles and Duties

The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business
performance of the Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing and
approving the financial statements of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority delegated to
the management in relation to the administration and management of the Group.

The Board has the following duties and responsibilities in respect of the corporate governance functions of the
Company:

(a)    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
       management;

(c)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
       requirements;



                                                        HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                      31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
           Directors; and

     (e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report in the
           annual report of the Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this report, the Board has performed the corporate
     governance duties.

     The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board meets regularly to
     discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of the Group. Directors
     may participate in the meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means of electronic communications. Four Board
     meetings were convened by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2018.

     The Company has set up the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee (as detailed in the
     following section) in respect of the Board.

     The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, the meetings of the three committees and general
     meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out below:

                                                                 No. of meetings attended/held
                                                 Board           Audit Remuneration       Nomination            General
                                                Meeting       Committee    Committee       Committee            Meeting

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)                            3/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo                                 2/4               –              –               –             0/1
     Mr. Huang Xiangui                                3/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang                                3/4               –              –               –             0/1

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                        4/4             2/2            1/1               –             1/1
     Mr. Nie Zhixin                                   4/4             2/2            1/1             1/1             1/1
     Mr. Chen Haiquan                                 4/4             2/2              –             1/1             1/1
     Professor Shi Zhuomin                            4/4               –              –               –             1/1

     Directors’ Training

     All Directors have complied with the Code provision in relation to continuous professional development. This has
     involved various forms of activities including attending a presentation given by an external professional party in
     respect of the new regime on disclosure, reading materials relevant to corporate governance and other regulatory
     requirements.




32   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


The Company has an induction policy for any new member of the Board. On appointment, the new member will receive
an induction which includes meetings with the members of the Board introducing the Group’s business segments in
which the Group operates, the roles and responsibilities as a Director and the requirements under the Listing Rules in
respect of the Code provision in relation to continuous professional development.

The Company regularly updates Directors on the developments in respect of the Listing Rules and applicable regulatory
requirements, to enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, all of the Directors have attended training sessions. The company secretary
of the Company has also complied with the 15 hours training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The audit committee comprised three members, namely, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, chairman of the audit committee,
Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan all being independent non-executive Directors. The audit committee adopted
the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in code provision C.3.3 of the Code.
The audit committee is principally responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function,
reviewing and supervising the Group’s financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system and
providing advice and recommendations to the Board.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, two meetings have been held by the audit committee to approve the audited
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 and to review interim financial statements (including
accounting policies and practices adopted) of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2018, and recommended
such financial statements to the Board for approval. The record of attendance of members at such meetings is set out
on page 32 of this annual report.

On 18 March 2019, the audit committee met to review the risk management and internal control systems of the Group,
the financial statements and other reports for the year ended 31 December 2018 and discuss any significant audit
matters with the Company’s external auditor and the senior management before recommending them to the Board
for consideration and approval. The audit committee recommended the Board in relation to the re- appointment of
PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s external auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2019 at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     The majority of the members of the remuneration committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at
     31 December 2018, the members of the remuneration committee included Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, the chairman of
     the remuneration committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Xu Wen. The remuneration committee adopted the written terms
     of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in code provision B.1.2 of the Code. The remuneration
     committee is principally responsible for assessing performance of executive Directors, approving executive Directors’
     service contracts, reviewing and determining, with delegated responsibility the remuneration policy and packages
     of the individual executive Directors and senior management. This includes benefits in kind, pension rights and
     compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss on termination of their office or appointment. No
     Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018, one meeting has been held by the remuneration committee. The
     remuneration committee had discussed and reviewed the remuneration packages for all Directors and senior
     management. The record of attendance of members at such meetings is set out on page 32 of this annual report.

     NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     The majority of the members of the nomination committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31
     December 2018, the members of the nomination committee included Mr. Xu Wen, the chairman of the nomination
     committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan. The nomination committee’s terms of reference are basically the
     same as those set forth in code provision A.5.2 of the Code. The nomination committee is principally responsible for
     reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, and selecting and making recommendations to the Board
     on the appointment of Directors and senior management.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018, one meeting has been held by the nomination committee to review the
     structure, size and composition of the Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. The
     record of attendance of members at such meetings is set out on page 32 of this annual report.

     SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) set forth in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the
     Directors. The Company, having made detailed and cautious enquiries, confirmed that all Directors have abided by the
     Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in
     accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their
     responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

     The Directors are responsible for ensuring the maintenance of proper accounting records of the Company and taking
     reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The reporting responsibilities of the
     external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 74 to page 78.



34   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Duties of the Board and the Management

The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility to review the
effectiveness of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks
that the Group is willing to take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the establishment and maintenance
by the management of appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The management
is responsible for designing and maintaining an effective risk management and internal control system as well as
providing confirmations to the Board on the effectiveness of the system.

Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material
misstatements or losses.

Risk Management

1.      Establishment of a risk management system and structure

Based on the work completed in the prior year, the Group has continued to improve the risk management system
structure at the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk monitoring activities for various
departments by way of the following:

✓       Established a risk management organizational structure - An organizational structure with the audit
        committee as the decision-maker and the leading groups and management of various business segments of the
        Group as the implementation unit, has been established to divide risk management responsibilities and set out
        clear responsibilities for risk management and the risk information reporting line.

The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

Roles                              Primary Duties

Board                              •      Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of acceptance to
  (Decision-maker)                        ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                                   •      Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk management
                                          and internal control system
                                   •      Supervise management for the design, implementation and monitoring of
                                          the risk management and internal control system

Audit Committee                    •      Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management and
 (Decision-maker)                         continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk management
                                          system
                                   •      Supervise the management for the design, implementation and monitoring
                                          of the risk management and internal control system
                                   •      Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have been identified
                                          during the period, and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
                                          outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
                                          future have, a material impact on the Company’s financial performance or
                                          condition


                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     Roles                                Primary Duties

     Senior management of                 •      Responsible for the development of risk management system, regularly
        the Group                                review the Company’s risk management policies and system
      (Leadership)                        •      Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the Group,
                                                 report on risk management to the audit committee on a regular basis, and
                                                 report and disclose significant risk information to the audit committee
                                          •      Provide the audit committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness of
                                                 the risk management system

     Management at                        •      Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and carry
      the headquarters of the Group              out risk identification and evaluation and other related work
      and management of various           •      Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant activities
      departments (Implementer)           •      Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management measures
                                          •      Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely report to
                                                 the risk management coordinator and risk management leadership on risk
                                                 information
                                          •      Conduct other relevant work on risk management

     Risk management coordinators         •      Coordinate risk identification and assessment work
                                          •      Organize the preparation of regular risk assessment reports, summarize and
                                                 submit the results to the risk management leadership
                                          •      Organize and coordinate risk management training and guidance

     Internal audit function              •      a risk management supervising department, responsible for supervising risk
                                                 management work of the Group and various business segments

     ✓       Updated the risk assessment criteria - During the Year, in response to the changes in internal and external
             environment, taking into account the business nature, operation characteristics and strategic objectives of the
             Group and each segment and the risk appetite of the management, the Group updated the risk assessment
             standards applicable to each business segment and carried out the assessment on the risks that are most likely
             to affect the achievement of the corporate objectives by using commonly recognized assessment methods and
             assessment criteria.

     ✓       Established and standardized risk management workflow – A risk management workflow covering major
             steps including identification, analysis, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to figure 1 “Risk
             management workflow” below for details) has been established to systematically organize, mitigate and monitor
             risks. The main elements include, for the purposes of business objectives of the Group and various business
             segments, identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of business objectives, assessing the likelihood
             and potential impacts of each specific risk; adopting measures to deal with the risks identified; and continuously
             monitoring the changes in risks and timely adjusting countermeasures. During the Year, the Group reviewed,
             adjusted and improved the risk management workflow, improving the efficiency and standardization of its
             operation.

     ✓       Determined the risk management review frequency – The frequency of risk management assessment and
             reporting of the Group was determined (to be at least once a year), and the aforesaid key elements have been
             incorporated in the Risk Management Manual of the Group to standardize the forms and frequency of reporting.




36   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




                                                                           g
                                                               r     tin
                                                            po
                                                                                       Id
                                                       Re
                                                                                          en
                                                                                             tif
                                           g                                                     ica
                                                               Risk                                 tio


                                           Monitorin
                                                                                                        n
                                                            management
                                                             workflow                                   t
                                                                                                    en
                                                                                                ssm
                                                                                             se
                                                        Response                          As




                                       Figure 1: Risk management workflow

2       Risk assessment work of the Group for 2018

In addition to the aforesaid risk management framework at the group level, the management of the Group also
engaged external advisors to assist in the continuous maintenance of the risk management system in 2018, details of
which include the following:

•     Advance the implementation of material risk assessment results of the Group for the prior year

During the Year, the management of the Group followed up on the implementation of the measures in respect of the
areas for improvement in management and control identified in the risk assessment for the prior year, establishing a
continuous management and control cycle model of “Risk identification — Implementation of risk countermeasures —
Review effectiveness of the implementation of risk response measures — Continuous optimization of risk management
and control” in order to ensure that the material risk management gaps have been effectively improved and to
continuously improve the Group’s ability to prevent and cope with risks (for details, please refer to Figure 2: Risk
assessment, management and control model).


                                                                                  n
                                                                            tio                              of
                                                                          ca                                n es
                                                                     ntifi                               tio ur
                                                                  de                                   ta as
                                                            sk
                                                                 i                                   en me
                                                          Ri                                       em er
                                                                                                pl nt
                                                                                            Im cou
                                                                                                 k
                                                                                             ris

                                                                             n
                                                                          tio
                                                                       iza nt
                                                                    tim e                                    of
                                                                  op gem                                  ss
                                                                                                       ne of
                                                                us na rol                           ive on s
                                                              uo ma ont                        ffect ntati sure
                                                           in                                 e
                                                                                             w me me
                                                                                                          a
                                                         nt isk d c                      vie ple e
                                                       Co of r an                     Re e im spons
                                                                                        th re
                                                                                         risk




                             Figure 2: Risk assessment, management and control model




                                                               HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018     37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     •      Conduct a comprehensive review of risk management system of the Group for the year of 2018

     The management of the Group updated the risk assessment standards and the risk database based on the changes in
     the external market environment and the internal operating environment, the progress of business and risk appetite.
     In addition, it adopted a systematic risk assessment method to review the changes in the nature and degree of the
     material risks that its business segments face, identified the material risks facing its business segments, analyzed the
     status of risk management and control and countermeasures to be adopted and key risk management strategies, and
     reported the risk assessment results to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviewed and assessed the changes
     in the nature and degree of material risks on behalf of the Board, and completed the review of the risk management
     systems and considered these systems effective and sufficient.

     INTERNAL CONTROL

     1      Establishment of an internal control management framework

     The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal control and management
     framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (please refer to
     figure 3: COSO internal control management framework). The Group’s risk management system consists of five
     interdependent elements, which coordinate and operate to ensure the effectiveness of internal control functions of the
     Group. The five elements are: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication
     and monitoring activities.


                                                                      al                   e
                                                           ic      on       ing          nc
                                                       t eg ve rati ive port ive      lia e
                                                     a     i   e   t
                                                  Str ject Op bjec Re bjec
                                                                             t    o mpectiv
                                                                                 C bj
                                                   ob          o         o          o
                                                     Internal environment

                                                     Setting objective


                                                                                                                                  Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                  Business Unit
                                                     Event identification


                                                                                                    Departments
                                                                                    Company Level
                                                     Risk assessment

                                                     Risk response

                                                     Control activities
                                                    Information and
                                                    communication
                                                     Supervision

                                    Figure 3: COSO internal control management framework

     The internal control system of the Group, as an integral part of its risk management, is established based on the risks
     facing the Group. The management at the headquarters of the Group, its business segments and departments has
     designed and implemented a series of policies and procedures in view of the process relating to finance, operation and
     compliance, and monitors the implementation of these policies and procedures and their effectiveness.




38   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



2      Internal Audit

The Group has in place internal control functions. Management has developed measures for improvement in view
of the vulnerabilities and weaknesses identified during the internal controls review, which are followed up on by
the Supervision Department on a regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for
improvement.

REVIEW OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

During the Year, the Board, through the audit committee, conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management
and internal control systems of the Group for the financial year of 2018, which mainly involved the continuous
advancement of risk assessment and the major assessment of the results of the internal control review for the prior year
as well as the risk assessment and internal control review for key business process for the Year and covered the Group
and its major business segments. All important aspects of control, including financial, operation and compliance areas,
were reviewed, and the natures and severity of major risks as well as the Group’s ability to cope with the changes in its
business and external environment, were reviewed, and these systems were considered effective and sufficient.

The audit committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as its staff training programs and budget and confirmed the
adequacy of the same.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year ended 31 December 2018, the emolument to the external auditor of the Company for the annual audit
and review of interim financial statements amounted to approximately RMB2,500,000 and the emolument of the
external auditor of the Company for providing non-audit services including consultation and advisory service regarding
to corporate governance reporting and environmental, social and governance reporting amounted to approximately
RMB900,000.

AMENDMENTS TO THE COMPANY’S CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company did not amended its Bye-laws.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up share capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at
all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the Company (the “Company
Secretary”), to require a special general meeting (“SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.
Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene a SGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the
Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China
Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such SGM, the Eligible
Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of section 74(3) of the
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     RIGHT TO NOMINATE DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION AT GENERAL MEETINGS

     Shareholder who wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director must
     deposit a written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor,
     China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, or the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
     Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited (the “Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar”), at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183
     Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name
     of the Shareholder(s) and his/her/their shareholding, the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director,
     including the person’s biographical details as required by Rule 13.51 (2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the
     Shareholder concerned (not the person to be nominated). The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent
     signed by the person nominated to be elected on his/her willingness to be elected as a Director.

     The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence on the day after the dispatch of the notice of the general meeting
     held for the election of Directors and end no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of such general meeting.

     The Notice will be verified by the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and upon their confirmation that the request is
     proper and in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the nomination committee of
     the Company and the Board to consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such
     person to be elected as a Director.

     The right and procedures to convene a general meeting and to demand a poll on resolutions at general meetings by
     Shareholders are set out in the Company’s amended and restated Bye-laws headed “General Meetings”, “Notice Of
     General Meetings”, “Proceedings At General Meetings” and “Voting”.

     DISCLAIMERS

     The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General
     Meetings” in this report are for reference only and in compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent
     and shall not be regarded as legal or other professional advice to the Shareholders. Shareholders should seek their
     independent legal or other professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company
     disclaims any liability for all liabilities and losses incurred by the Shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the
     section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings”.

     INVESTOR RELATIONSHIP

     The Company emphasises communication with institutional investors so as to enhance the transparency of the
     Company, and stresses the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of institutional investors.
     The Company released information and responded to questions from the media through press conferences and the
     Company’s website, and communicated with the media on a regular basis.

     Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:

     By telephone: (852) 2287 9208/2287 9218/2287 9207
     By post: 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong




40   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



I.     ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (THE “REPORT”)

The Report is prepared by the Group in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
(the “ESG Reporting Guide”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”),
for the purpose of disclosing the Group’s ESG input and performance in 2018 and enhancing the understanding and
confidence of the Group’s stakeholders.

The Report covers the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018, and prior years for certain disclosure.
The scope of disclosure in the Report comprises the internet community services, internet home furnishing, internet
materials logistics, as well as manufacturing and sales of photographic and electronic product accessories of the Group.

The contents and data presented in the Report are derived from the Group’s internal documentation and information
collection, third-party interviews and questionnaire surveys.

A detailed content index prepared pursuant to the ESG Reporting Guide is set out at the end of the Report, to serve as
easy reference for readers.

II.    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) CONCEPT

In active response to the national policy of “applying new technologies, new operations and new models, and
vigorously transforming traditional industries”, the Group taps into its technological edge as an internet business,
pushes for the integration of quality industrial resources with great efforts, and strives to provide convenient “one-
stop” service for community property owners both online and offline. It works to supply cost-effective high-quality
products and services to consumers. Meanwhile, the Group is active in shouldering social responsibility by incorporating
the concept of sustainability into its daily operation and management. It vigorously practices green concepts during
daily office work and product purchase, to mitigate energy consumption, resource consumption and greenhouse gas
emissions, and to help realise harmonious and healthy development of the environment and society.

The Board of the Group assumes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reporting of the Group, and is responsible
for the review and approval of annual ESG reports.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules of the
Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Group has established the Board and its management committee
with clear responsibilities, as well as a risk management and internal control system which is subject to review, to
ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management. For details, please refer to the Corporate Governance
Report.

III.   STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ANALYSIS

An enterprise’s development is inextricably connected with its stakeholders’ support and trust. The Group maintains
close contact with various stakeholders such as investors, customers, suppliers and employees via a variety of channels,
including activity meetings and emails, to stay attentive to the expectations and demands of the stakeholders, make
timely communication and response to them, and facilitate the common development between them and the Group.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     For 2018, the Group has sorted out the following expectations and demands from stakeholders as well as its responses
     thereto:

     Stakeholders        Expectations and demands                          Communication and response

     Employees           Protect legitimate rights and interests           Improve the employee management system
                         Clear career development paths                    Optimise the career promotion mechanism
                         Compensation and benefits                         Provide competitive salary
                         Healthy and safe working environment              Enhance the safety management system

     Customers           High-quality products and services                Strengthen supplier management
                         Protect customer privacy                          Improve the information security system
                         Adhere to business integrity                      Public display of instructions on product return
                                                                             and replacement
                         Maintain compliance operations                    Improve the mechanism for communication
                                                                             with customers

     Government and      Respond to national policies                      Adjust innovation and development strategies
      regulatory         Comply with laws and regulatory rules             Actively cooperate with supervision and
      authorities                                                            inspections
                         Operation and tax contribution according to law   Strengthen anti-corruption and integrity
                                                                             development
                         Facilitate employment                             Actively engage in regional development

     Investors and       Financial results                                 Improve profitability
       shareholders      Sustainable profitability                         Strengthen market capitalisation management
                         Protect rights and interests                      Convene general meetings
                         Corporate transparency                            Day-to-day information disclosure

     Suppliers and       Cooperation and win-win                           Improve the supplier management mechanism
       partners          Openness and fairness                             Build a platform for communication with
                                                                             suppliers
                         Realise common growth                             Establish strategic alliances

     Industry            Fair competition                                  Strengthen research and development capability
       associations      Promote industry progress                         Participate in industry discussion and
                                                                             communication
                         Improve industry management                       Share experience in operation and management

     Community           Protect community environment                     Fully practice green operation
                         Participate in charitable activities              Conduct charity programs
                         Build a harmonious community environment          Organise community activities
                         Facilitate community development                  Smart community management




42   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



IV.   MATERIAL ASSESSMENT

In 2018, the Group was engaged in online questionnaire survey and face-to-face interview to assess the level of
stakeholders’ attention to the material ESG topics and determine the order and matrix of such topics.

The Group underwent the following process to assess its material ESG topics:

                  Identify a list of material ESG topics


          Update and determine the list of material ESG topics
          for the year based on the business development of
          the Group, taking into account the ESG reporting
          guides of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
          emphasis of ESG management in the industry


                                                        Engage in stakeholder survey

                                       Conduct online questionnaire survey and face-to-face
                                       interview to assess the level of stakeholders’ attention
                                       to the material ESG topics and understand the
                                       stakeholders’ expectation towards the Group’s ESG
                                       job



                                                                                                  Determine material topics


                                                                        Determine the order and matrix of material ESG
                                                                        topics as well as the disclosure emphases of the Report
                                                                        according to the survey results




                                                            HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     The Group’s material ESG topics for the year 2018 are set out in the following matrix and sequenced in the table below:

                                                                                                                Material Topics
                                                                                                                Materiality   No.   Materiality assessment results
                                            A Matrix of Material Topics for HengtenNetworks
                                                                                                                               1    Protection of intellectual property rights
      High                                                                                                                    2    Customer privacy and information security
                                                                                                                               3    Compliance management and fight against unfair
                                                                                                                Very
                                                                                                                                    competition relationship
                                                                                                            Important
                                                                                                                               4    Responsible marketing and promotion
                                                                                     
                                                                                                                             5    Staff training and education
                                                                                                                               6    Product and service quality management




        Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                            7    Customer satisfaction and handling of complaints
                                                                                                                               8    Supply chain management and sustainable development
                                                                                                                            9    Development of green communities
                                                                                        
                                                  
                                                                             
                                                                                                                              10    Waste disposal
                                                                                                                Important     11    Energy consumption and energy-saving initiatives
                                                                                                                           12    Water resource consumption and sewage treatment
                                                  
                                                                                                                              13    Carbon emissions
                                     
                                                                                                                           14    Staff recruitment and team building
                                                                                                                           15    Performance appraisal and remuneration and benefits
                                           
                                                                                                                              16    Occupational health and safety
                                                                                                                Less          17    Anti-corruption management mechanism
                                                                                                                Important     18    Engagement in social welfare activities
       Low                                                                                                 
                                                                                                         High
                                                                               Company
                                            Importance to the development of the                                              19    Prevention of child and forced labour


     Compared with the material assessment in 2017, the 2018 results indicate that protection of intellectual property
     rights remains the top concern for various stakeholders, while stakeholders’ attention to environmental issues such
     as waste disposal has decreased, and to issues such as information security, compliance operation and quality control
     has increased. The possible reason for such change in the sequence of material ESG topics is that the Group’s internet
     community services and related business has developed rapidly, while the business of manufacturing and sales of
     photographic and electronic product accessories with relatively large environmental impact has slowed down, so the
     stakeholder’s attention to environmental management issues also has decreased accordingly.

     Relevant issues will be elaborated upon in subsequent sections of the Report based on the assessment results of
     material ESG topics of the Group, which will serve as an important basis for the Group’s ESG management in the year
     ahead.




44   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



V.     QUALITY SERVICE

Well aware that the survival of an enterprise hinges on product quality and customer satisfaction, the Group strictly
complies with the laws and regulations on product quality and safety as well as customer rights and interests, improves
its product quality management system continuously, and keeps ramping up customer service, all in a bid to provide
customers with cost-effective products and services.

1.     Product Responsibility

Strictly in line with laws and regulations such as the Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國
產品質量法》), the Group has prepared special quality management systems or standards dedicated to different types
of products, with stringent product quality control over various processes from product acceptance management,
warehousing and delivery management, in an effort to provide safe, environmentally friendly and high-quality products
for customers.

(1)    Home furnishing products

 In respect of home furnishing products, the Group has the Technical Standards for Home Furnishing Works in place,
 to strictly control the performance of its home furnishing products such as appearance, material, durability and load.
 In particular, the Technical Standards for Home Furnishing Works specifies that home furnishing works shall strictly
 comply with the requirements of relevant standards such as GB 18584 Interior Decoration and Refurbishment – Limit of
 Harmful Substances in Wood Furniture (《GB 18584室內裝飾裝修材料－木傢具中有害物質限量》) and GB 18580 Interior
 Decoration and Refurbishment Materials – Limit of Formaldehyde Emission of Wood-based Panels and Finished Products
(《GB 18580室內裝飾裝修材料人造板及其製品中甲醛釋放限量》); The supplier’s production base shall be documented
 in the contract, inspected by the Group before it can be supplied.

The Group attaches great importance to the environmental indicators and safety characteristics of its home furnishing
products, and has set up corresponding standards and requirements on harmful substances and safety performance
according to product types. The Group requires that its wooden furniture at least meets the standard of Level E1 in
formaldehyde emission (i.e., formaldehyde content of less than 1.5mg/100g); redwood furniture suppliers must sign
additional supplier undertaking letters, and provide inspection logos and quality inspection reports stating the materials
of goods; metal and glass furniture are required to pass safety testing; and the paints supplier must be the top five
brands of environmentally-friendly paints in the PRC.

(2)    Building material products

The Group has strict acceptance standards on refined building materials, and carefully examines qualification
certificates of products and the product quality inspection reports issued by competent authorities in the PRC, to ensure
that customers are provided with durable and fair products that meet the requirements of relevant national standards.
In line with relevant requirements of the Group, formaldehyde and other harmful substances in wood floor shall meet
relevant national standards, with raw materials and finished goods to meet the environmental protection standard of
Level E1 (i.e., formaldehyde content less than 1.5mg/100g); and tile products shall meet the requirements for Class A
decoration and refurbishment materials in national standard “Limits of Radionuclides in Building Materials” (《建築材
料放射性核素限量》) (GB6566-2010) and relevant industry standards.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     To ensure product quality, the Group has established and strictly implemented the Material Acceptance Standards for
     Hengten Networks, in an aim to secure product quality from the source:

               Factory Acceptance                        Warehouse Acceptance                       On-site Acceptance
      •    With regard to some suppliers or      •    Upon their arrival at the             •   Joint inspection will be conducted
           products, special personnel will           warehouse, the goods will be              by the Group’s business staff and
           be deployed to the factory to              jointly examined by the quality           customer representatives based on
           conduct inspection and acceptance          inspectors of the warehouse and           inspection standards
           on some of the goods, to ensure            supplier representatives based        •   Upon completion of inspection,
           their compliance with the required         on requirements, to prevent the           the supervisory engineer of the
           specification, model, quantity and         entry of unqualified goods into the       engineering department and the
           grade                                      warehouse                                 constructor will be arranged to
                                                                                                receive the goods on site


     In the meantime, the Group stores its refurbishment building materials in different zones according to the required
     storage conditions of such materials as well as their different performance, type, characteristics and purpose, with
     reasonable protection measures in place. Regional supply chains are equipped with a special area for unqualified
     products and those to be reported as scrap, for the purpose of eliminating problematic materials and preventing
     defective products from entering the inventory. Upon exit from the warehouse, goods are subject to random quality
     inspection and “first-in first-out” management to ensure their quality and avert quality issues caused by lengthy
     storage.

     (3)     Photographic and electronic product accessories

                                                     In its business of manufacturing and sales of photographic and electronic
                                                     product accessories, the Group mainly provides nylon and leather bags.
                                                     The Group has standard procedural documents in place such as the
                                                     “Management Regulations on Quality Control”, with strict quality control
                                                     over the entire process from raw materials to delivery of finished products.
                                                     It also requires special tests or product inspection on raw materials, semi-
                                                     finished products, finished products and packaging materials, to ensure that
                                                     the ultimate products conform to national quality regulations and customer
                                                     requirements.

                                                     In respect of the business of manufacturing and sales of photographic
                                                     and electronic product accessories, the Group actively absorbed advanced
                                                     quality management ideas from abroad. In 2016, the Group has obtained
                                                     ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System certifications, valid until 25
                                                     December 2019.




     ISO 9001: 2015 Quality Control System Certificate




46   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



2.     Customer Service Quality

The Group strictly complies with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of
China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests (《中華人民共和國消費者權益法》). In addition, the Group
has a series of regulatory documents in place such as the “Management Regulations on Aftersales Service of Hengten
Networks”, the “Management of Aftersales Service Process for Materials” and the “Management Measures on Mimi
Home”, and timely understands customer demands and views to better honor its commitment to customers and protect
their legitimate rights. The supply chain and aftersales service department of the Group is responsible for matters
concerning aftersales service management, in a bid to improve the quality of customer service continuously.

The Group has also established an aftersales return visit mechanism to better maintain customer relations and raise
customer satisfaction and loyalty. Such return visits cover three types of activities, signing of orders, product receipt
and complaints. Specifically, the return visits on signing of orders are mainly designed to understand the reason for
purchase by the customer and his/her suggestion on the product concerned, and to remind customers of the delivery
process and settlement methods. The return visits on product receipt are mainly designed to understand any issues
with the product concerned during its receipt and any views on the delivery process. The return visits on complaints are
designed to understand the handling result of the issues which draw complaints from customers as well as their views
and suggestions on aftersales service.

As provided in relevant regulations of the Group, aftersales personnel shall adopt specially designed skills to
communicate with customers, update the general account of aftersales return visits, and timely synthesise the issues
reflected by customers during the return visits, coordinate with relevant departments to handle the issues, and follow
up the result of such handling. At the same time, the Group appraises its aftersales personnel, with ranking and
reporting of the appraisal results to help bolster the aftersales service of the personnel. From 30 July to 31 December
2018, the Group paid aftersales return visits on 5,712 orders.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


     In addition, the Group has set up its unified national customer service hotline, aftersales service email and other
     communication channels to receive and handle customer enquiries and complaints. In respect of aftersales service for
     materials, the supply chain and aftersales service department of the Group classifies customer complaints into different
     grades, and divides the complaints into general ones and significant ones which will be handled according to the
     following procedure:



                                                 Customers issue complaints




                                                     Aftersales personnel
                                                    classify the complaints




                     General complaints                                                 Significant complaints




                         Handling by
                    business departments                                              Reporting to the manager




                                                Aftersales personnel negotiate
                                               with the customers on solutions,
                                                and follow up on the handling
                                               of the complaints till completion




                                                    Aftersales return visits




48   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



3.    Information Security and Protection of Customer Privacy

The Group strictly complies with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the Cyber Security Law of the
People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 網 絡 安 全 法 》) and the Regulations on the Customer Information
Protection for Telecom and Internet Users (《 電 信 和 互 聯 網 用 戶 客 戶 信 息 保 護 規 定 》). In addition, the Group has
internal regulatory documents in place such as the Management System for Data Backup and Data Security and the
Disaster Recovery Plan, to enhance the management on internet information security and protection of individual user
information. Furthermore, the Group has rolled out its “Policy on User Privacy and Information Protection” and “Policy
on User Privacy and Information Security”. Users are notified of the scope of collection and application of individual
user information during the Group’s operation, coupled with information security alerts and information disclosure
requirements to beef up the awareness of personal privacy protection among users.

In respect of data security management, the Group has come up with a variety of measures such as identity verification
for data access, authority management and data encryption, as well as disaster recovery and backup. Aside from that,
data are divided into confidential, important and general data for classified management. In particular, our database
requires encrypted storage for confidential data such as user passwords which can cause direct economic loss to
companies or users. As such, even database administrators cannot directly access such data. As for important data such
as user ID which might cause economic loss to companies or users, encrypted display is required with no direct output
of text.

The technology department of the Group calls on all its members to study information security practice and participate
in technology sharing sessions on “Penetration Test” held internally, to cultivate and improve the information security
awareness of department members. Our technology team also conducts internal IT risk assessments and code security
audits on a regular basis, starting from technology developers to ensure that all the processes such as development,
testing, operation and maintenance comply with information security practice, thus ensuring user information security
at the level of code.

In addition, to ensure no abuse of customer information, the Group enters into confidentiality agreements with its
suppliers and staff, which strictly set out the scope of customer information not to be leaked to external parties; and
approvals shall be obtained from both vice presidents in relation to any external demand for information.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     4.     Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

     The Group strictly complies with the requirements of the laws relating to protection of intellectual property rights, such
     as the Copyright Law (《著作權法》), the Trademark Law (《商標法》), the Patent Law (《專利法》), the Tort Liability
     Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國侵權責任法》) and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the
     People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》). In addition, the Group executes the Management
     Regulations on Intellectual Property Rights of Evergrande Group formulated by China Evergrande Group, to regulate
     the management of intellectual property rights and protect such rights and technical patents of the Group from
     infringement. The legal affairs department of the Group is the department in charge of managing intellectual property
     rights and guiding the management and protection of such rights. It organises regularly business training on intellectual
     property rights, to boost the awareness of the staff for protecting such rights.

     Given the greater understanding and protection of intellectual property rights, Shenzhen HengTen Networks Limited
     (深圳市恒騰網絡有限公司), a subsidiary of the Group, was listed in the first batch of identified high-tech enterprises
     in Shenzhen in October 2018. As of 31 December 2018, the Group, with its constant exploration and dedication, has
     obtained the 19 software copyrights such as the HengTen Mimi App (IOS version), as part of its proactive efforts to
     protect the copyrights of the Company from infringement. For a list of the software copyrights of the Group, please
     refer to Appendix III of the Report.

     5.     Responsible Marketing and Promotion

     The Group complies with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the Advertising Law of the People’s Republic
     of China (《中華人民共和國廣告法》), with strict control over the marketing information posted on advertisements,
     newspaper and other media channels to ensure the legality, authenticity and accuracy of its promotion information.
     Meanwhile, the Group offers training to its sales personnel from time to time and forbids them from releasing
     fraudulent or misleading promotion material, to prevent exaggeration or false publicity and to safeguard the rights and
     interests of users with concrete efforts.




50   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



VI.    MUTUAL BENEFITS

The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Bid Invitation
and Bidding and the Government Procurement Law of the People’s Republic of China, upholds the concept of sunshine
cooperation, and actively improves and implements internal relevant systems to promote the win-win development
between the suppliers and the Group.

As of 31 December 2018, the total number of network business-related partners in the Group is 1,148. The regional
distribution of the partners is as follows:

                                       Number of Partners by Region




                                                                                                                                                           Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                                                             Province



                                                                                                                                                             Jilin
                                                                                                                                                           Province
              Xinjiang Uygur
              Autonomous Region                                                                                                               Liaoning
                                                                                                                                              Province
                                                                      Inner Mongolia                                  Beijing
                                                 Gansu              Autonomous Region
                                                Province                                                                 Tianjin


                                                                                                                  Hebei
                                                                                                                 Province
                                                                            Ningxia
                                                                              Hui
                                                                          Autonomous                   Shanxi
                                                                            Region                    Province        Shandong
                                         Qinghai                                                                       Province
                                         Province

                                                                                                           Henan
                    Tibet Autonomous                                                   Shaanxi            Province                 Jiangsu
                                                                                       Province                                    Province
                    Region

                                                               Sichuan                                                    Anhui            Shanghai
                                                               Province                                Hubei             Province
                                                                                                      Province

                                                                               Chongqing
                                                                                                                                      Zhejiang
                                                                                                                                      Province

                                                                                                   Hunan           Jiangxi
                                                                             Guizhou              Province        Province
                                                                             Province
                                                                                                                                 Fujian
                                                    Yunnan                                                                      Province
                                                    Province
                                                                                                                                                 Taiwan
                                                                               Guangxi Zhuang                Guangdong                          Province
                                                                              Autonomous Region               Province

                                                                                                                     Hong Kong
                                                                                                                 Macau




                                                                                            Hainan
                                                                                           Province




                                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                       51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     1.     Supplier access

     The Group has formulated and implemented the Purchasing Management System of Hengten Networks Group to clarify
     the evaluation criteria and procedures for suppliers’ recruitment, in order to ensure the fairness of supplier selection.
     The Group’s bidding and purchasing department is responsible for the procurement projects of the national strategic
     partners, the Company’s hardware equipment, software systems, project outsourcing bidding and procurement, and
     the daily procurement of the Group.

     The Group adopts the method of selecting and engaging suppliers in accordance with the principle of “warehousing
     first, bidding later”. The requirements of the Group’s procurement management system for supplier qualifications
     include that the units to be collected must in principle be the top 10 in the nation or the top 5 in the region in
     respect of the brands and comprehensive strength, or internationally renowned enterprises; if the industry does not
     have a national or regional ranking, the selected enterprises should be the leading ones in the industry or those with
     comprehensive strength and large scale in the region.

     The screening process and requirements for the Group’s suppliers warehousing are as follows:


               Supplier
               recruitment                   •      Suppliers recruitment team members collect more than
                                                    10 units and submit them to the bidding and purchasing
                                                    department according to the principle of “back to back”
                                             •      The bidding and purchasing department decides whether
                                                    to issue the Contact Letter and assigns a person to contact
                                                    and collect information from the initially listed supplier



               Qualification
               review                        •      To review business qualification or review the supplier
                                                    qualification by on-site visits
                                             •      The bidding and purchasing department fills out the
                                                    Qualification Examination Unit List and reports to the
                                                    chairman of the Group to determine the list of at least
                                                    three finalists


               Warehousing
               management                    •      To classify and management suppliers as three categories
                                                    of qualified, unqualified and prohibited cooperation
                                             •      To re-examine the supplier qualifications in the supplier
                                                    pool at the beginning of each year, remove the
                                                    unqualified suppliers from the qualified supplier pool,
                                                    and develop a supplier supplement plan




52   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



2.     Dynamic management for suppliers

The Group has formulated and implemented evaluation methods such as the Comprehensive Evaluation Methods for
Furniture Partners of Hengten Networks Group and the Comprehensive Evaluation Standards for Material Suppliers
of Hengten Networks for different types of suppliers, and conduct supplier evaluation work from sales performance,
cooperation and after-sales service.

The Group scores and ranks suppliers based on relevant criteria, publicizes the results of the scores and serves as a
reference for determining the scope of further cooperation. For distributors with major service issues such as brand
events, the Group will terminate the cooperation relationship with them.

Meanwhile, the after-sales service department of the Group brings the results of the after-sales complaints from the
monthly statistical analysis into the scope of supplier evaluation; and continues to carry out monthly rating of suppliers,
and sends after-sales service rectification opinions to the cooperative suppliers as appropriate, and urges suppliers to
cooperate in dealing with the after-sales problems, in order to improve product and service quality.

At the same time, the Group attaches great importance to communication with suppliers, and holds customer
appreciation meetings and product launches to timely understand the supplier’s cooperation expectations and
development needs, and promote the establishment of transparent, open, equal and efficient cooperation.

3.     Supplier product compliance requirements

The Group formulated the Quality Management Requirements for Furniture Cooperative Suppliers of Hengten Network
to urge suppliers to comply with relevant laws and standards for product quality and urge them to fulfill their social
responsibilities in terms of product quality and safety. The Group requires that the suppliers shall provide at least one
Product Quality Inspection Report issued by a third-party authority, and at least one Environmental Management System
Certification issued by a third-party authority is required for alliance suppliers. Meanwhile, the Group also requires
suppliers to comply with environmental protection, labor standards, anti-corruption and other relevant legal provisions
in the bidding documents and contract. For suppliers who have violated the law and regulations, the Group will suspend
the cooperation with them timely, and subsequent cooperation matters shall be decided on the basis of rectification
after the evaluation of the Group’s inspection and investigation team.




                                                       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     4.    Assistance for supply chain management innovation

     The Group actively responses to the call of policy documents such as the Guiding Opinions on Actively Promoting Supply
     Chain Innovation and Application issued by the General Office of the State Council, has continuously strengthened
     communication with industry experts and enterprises, has actively explored innovation, and assisted the supply chain
     management innovation and intelligent development in the construction materials industry.

     Case: China Evergrande Group’s supply chain sharing strategy and Hengten Networks’ product launch conference

     On 8 May, 2018, China Evergrande Group’s supply chain sharing strategy and Hengten Networks’ product launch
     conference was held in Shenzhen. The conference focused on “Integrating New Ecology and Creating a New Future”,
     bringing together nearly 200 domestic well-known home decoration enterprises.

     Some of the person in charge of the home decoration enterprises said that they were willing to conduct multi-
     dimensional, wide-area and in-depth exploration with the Group, and jointly cultivated a simple, transparent, safe and
     efficient trading environment in the home decoration industry to create a development community.




54   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


Case: 2018 China Real Estate Excellence Supply Chain Management Innovation Conference

On 20 March 2018, the 2018 China Real Estate Excellent Purchase
Supply Chain Management Innovation Conference with the theme
of “data empowerment, integrity and respect” was held in Beijing,
by the Excellent Purchase Platform hosted by China Real Estate
Association.

Xu Wen, chairman of the Group, was invited to give a speech on
Socialized Service and Innovation in Professional Supply Chains.

In the awarding session of the conference, China Evergrande
Group was selected to enter the “Top 20 Amid Supply Chain Credit
Enterprise TOP100”, and Chairman Xu Wen was also elected as a
special consultant for the “E-house Wharton Supply Chain Project”
training program, indicating China Evergrande Group and the
Group have been highly recognized by the industry in terms of
supply chain management and innovation, and the establishment of
a supply chain operation talent system.




VII. HUMAN ORIENTATION

The Group strictly abides by the relevant requirements of national and local regulations for labor employment,
optimizes the personnel training mechanism, provides equal and diversified development opportunities for employees,
and improves the employee incentive mechanism, so as to fully exert the value and potential of talents on the basis of
protecting employees’ rights and interests.

As of 31 December 2018, the Group had 448 employees as follows:

                                       Number of Employees by Gender



                                           174


                                                                       274




                                                     Male   Female



                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



                           Number of Employees                                Number of Employees
                            by Age and Gender                                by Ranking and Gender
               250                                                450
                                                                  400
               200                                                350
                                        87                                                           155
                          68                                      300
               150
                                                                  250
                                                                  200
               100
                                                                  150
                         131            135                                                          256
                 50                                               100
                                                     19                        19
                                                                   50
                                                          8                        18
                  0                                                 0
                         ≤30          31‐50         >50                    Management           Employees

                                 Male     Female                                    Male    Female


     1.    Compliance employment and employee benefits

     The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
     Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China,
     the Minimum Wage Regulations of the Ministry of Labor and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China, finalises
     the Recruitment Management Rule and the Staff Resignation Management rule formulated by China Evergrande Group
     to ensure the standardization of relevant works such as talent recruitment, employment relationship management and
     employee resignation.

     The Group adheres to the recruitment principle of “openness and fairness, merit-based recruitment, internality first
     and externality later, and relatives avoidance”, conducts multiple assessments to the interviewees such as written
     examinations, career assessments, interview evaluations and background investigations to ensure the fairness and
     openness of the recruitment process. The Group’s recruitment management related rules also stipulates that: the
     interviewer must carry out recruitment work within to the stipulated authority, and malpractices for personal gains
     are prohibited; the personnel administrative center is strictly forbidden to set a random salary exceeding the maximum
     salary standard or make false promises to the candidates in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of
     employees when negotiating the wages with the candidates to be hired.




56   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


The Group introduces outstanding talents through multiple channels such as campus recruitment and social
recruitment, and optimizes the talent team through employee position adjustment. In 2018, the Group carried out
talent reserves through 2018 spring campus recruitment and autumn campus recruitment, which together absorbed 41
new graduates, strengthened the talent team, and helped finalises the national employment policies.




    Hengten Networks 2018 Campus Recruitment Site               Hengten Networks 2018 Campus Recruitment Site


In accordance with the requirements of national and local laws and regulations, the Group pays employees’ salaries
on time according to internal standards, and revise and finalise the employee performance bonus incentive plan to
stimulate employees’ work enthusiasm. The Group pays all the five insurances and one fund in full and on time for all
employees who have established labor relations with the Company, and provides paid holidays to protect the legitimate
rights and interests of employees; it also formulates human welfare benefits including annual medical examinations,
group travel and holiday gift, in order to improve the sense of belonging.

In 2018, the Group carried out salary research and combing work, further improved the salary management
mechanism, and ensured that employees could obtain labor compensation with market competitiveness in accordance
with the law.

Case: salary system research and combing

In July 2018, the Group’s personnel administration center set up a salary research team to conduct salary research
and combing work based on the existing business and job setup. The salary research team understood and analyzed
the current salary level in the industry through relevant salary report reference, questionnaire survey, and face-to-
face interviews. Meanwhile, the Group’s personnel administration center launched the salary system design training in
December.

The salary level survey results and salary system design training provided important support for the Group to complete
the annual salary adjustment and further improve the compensation system.




                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     2.      Staff training and development

     The Group strictly abides by the relevant provisions of the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China on laborers’ legal
     access to labor skills training, and continuously improves the employee training mechanisms to help employees grow
     rapidly.

     The Group implements a mentor-department responsibility system and a rotation mechanism for newly recruited
     university students to help employees quickly integrate into the team and understand the business and positions
     they are interested in. All departments would carefully select 1-2 middle-level leaders or departmental backbones as
     “mentor” to provide career development guidance for newly recruited university students in the department; require
     the mentors to formulate monthly work plans for newly recruited university students each month, and jointly with
     department heads, make evaluations and comments for the monthly performance of newly recruited university students
     at the end of the month. The Group requires all departments to sort out the business guidelines, systematically train
     newly recruited university students before the rotation and organize examinations to help newly recruited university
     students get started quickly.

     Meanwhile, the Group will carry out annual key training projects based on annual recruitment and business
     development demands. In 2018, the key training programs undertaken by the Group include:



                          New employee induction                                     Special Training Camp Project of
                             training program                                       Material Logistics Operation Centre

                                   5 times                                                        216 people



              To help new employees accelerate                                To improve the comprehensive quality and
              their integration into the team:                                professional skills of the marketing team,
                     Recruited new employees: regular                        a one-week special training camp was held
                      four-day induction training for new                     in mid-April and the number of participants
                      employees every quarter                                 was 216
                     Recruited college students: a one-week
                      induction training course of Spark
                      Training Camp



     In 2018, the overall trainings of the Group were as follows:

                                                                             Training                 Total       Average hours
                                                                                times        training hours           of training
     Employee ranking                                                         (times)               (hours)       (hours/person)

     Management                                                                     55                     64               1.73
     Employees                                                                     187                    191               0.46

     Note:   Average number of hours of training = total hours of training/number of employees.




58   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


The Group also optimizes the talent team structure through employee position adjustment (employee self-
recommendation or department recommendation) and comprehensive talent inventory, improves employee
performance evaluation and promotion mechanism, provides employees with appropriate and broad development
platform, and improves human resource utilization efficiency. At present, the Group has formulated corresponding
assessment methods for material logistics centers to standardize the work of staff assessment.

Case: 2018 Work of “Comprehensive Talent Inventory, Optimize Talent Team”

In the second half of 2018, the Group’s personnel administration center set up a special team of Human Resources
Business Partner (HRBP) to carry out talent inventory work.

The Group’s personnel administration center conducted
several talent conferences and conducts position management
training for HRBP team members. It required HRBP members
to go deep into various departments, systematically inventory
business models, business operation processes, organizational
status, departmental responsibilities, job analysis, results
performance and ability level of talents. Through the talent
inventory work, employees could develop their potential in
suitable positions and further optimize the company’s talent
team.




3.    Occupational safety and health

The Group strictly abides by the requirements of laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China
on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Production
Safety, and strictly finalises the relevant systems and regulations for safety management to provide employees with a
comfortable and safe working environment.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     (1)    Guarantee of production safety

     For manufacturing and selling photographic and electronic product accessories business, the Group formulated and
     implemented internal policy documents such as Enterprise Safe Production Management System, finalised various
     safety management measures to ensure the safety of production and operation activities, and clearly established a
     safety production leading group in charge of the Company’s safety management affairs, and clearly stipulated that the
     general manager of the Company is the first responsible person for safety production; required all departments of the
     company to set up a part-time safety officer to supervise, inspect and report safety matters; the workshop establishes
     a volunteer firefighter, in charge of the emergency treatment for sudden fires.

     In order to ensure the production safety of production frontline employees, the Group implemented a safety production
     inspection rule, required monthly inspection of the safety production of the workshop and weekly inspection of the
     safety production of the team; implemented a safety management accountability reward mechanism to prevent safety
     accidents; and regularly carried out safety education and safety training for employees, and comprehensively improve
     employees’ safety awareness and capabilities of emergency response. Among them, the safety production inspection
     of the production workshop includes: whether the equipment status is safe and sound, whether the safety protection
     device is effective, and whether the safety measures are implemented.

     Case: safety production publicity and education activity

     On 12 October 2018, the Group held fire escape evacuation exercise in the production plant area. The exercise
     included: detailed explanation of the actual operation of the fire exercise, in order to remind employees of the use of
     fire extinguishers and water-spraying belts, and organizing employee representatives to carry out practical exercises on
     fire-fighting equipment to enhance employees’ ability to respond to emergencies.




     In addition, the Group has set up safety devices such as manual alarms, fire hydrants, fire extinguishers and gas masks
     in conspicuous places in the headquarters building of the Group to enable employees to respond to emergencies and
     ensure the safety of employees. The Group had no incidents of work-related injuries and deaths in 2018.




60   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



(2)    Caring for employee health

With the accelerated pace of modern life, employees face multiple pressures such as work, family, and life. To this end,
in 2018, the Group actively carried out the following work in protecting the physical and mental health of employees:

•      Guarantee of physical and mental health: arrange annual physical examinations for employees to remind
       employees of potential health problems; open the company employee clubs, set up activity groups and
       encourage employees to organize sports such as football basketball, and badminton outside of work for
       relaxation, and promote employees communication.

•      Warm caring for employees: distribute welfare fruit to employees every week, regularly purchase coffee and milk
       tea, regularly purchase snacks and add self-service vending machines to facilitate employees for their hunger;
       and equip with small medicine boxes to meet the emergency drug needs of employees.

•      Creation of a good atmosphere: regularly hold sweepstakes and add leisure and entertainment facilities to allow
       employees to balance work and rest, and truly feel the Company’s care and welfare.




          Company internal employee club


4.     Protection of labor rights

The Group strictly abides by the requirements on labor rights of the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
Regulations on the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labor of the People’s Republic of China, the Law of the People’s
Republic of China on the Protection of Minors and other provisions, finalises internal recruitment management
and other related systems, does not employ child labor and does not enforce labor, prohibit any form of employee
discrimination, and protect the employees’ freedom and personal integrity.

The Group conducts identity information verification and background checks for candidates to avoid the use of child
labor; at the same time, expressly requires that both defrauding candidates to accept the job with high salaries and
forcing employees to work overtime by violent means are strictly forbidden. Once violations of laws and regulations
such as child labor or forced labor are discovered through employee reports or inspections, the Group will investigate
the responsibility of the responsible department and responsible person as appropriate. In 2018, the Group did not have
any involvement in the recruitment of child labor or forced labor.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     VIII. GREEN OPERATION

     The Group strictly complies with such laws and regulations as Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of
     China, actively carries out the green office and green production and promotes the concept of green development and
     environment protection, striving to reduce the possible impact on the natural environment during the operation process
     of the Group.

     1.    Green office

     Since internet community service and relevant business exert less impact on the environment, the Group mainly
     emphasizes the implementation of green operation concept in such details as reducing use of office paper, electricity
     and water in daily work.

     The Group abides by Management Measures for Guangzhou Evergrande Center formulated by the property company
     for the office building, strictly controls the lighting time in the office area, keeps the air-conditioning temperature
     constant at 24ºC to 26ºC, sets auto-sleep mode for electronic equipment and carries out regulation and management
     of morning/noon peak mode for elevators so as to reduce power consumption and greenhouse gas emission.
     Meanwhile, the Group uses cloud telephone and video equipment instead of business travel in order to cut down travel
     expenses and the greenhouse gas emission and exhaust emission generated from fuel use during travel process.

     In 2018, the Group has started to used Evergrande cloud disk and shared folders as the file storage and sharing
     platform and the staff may download and share documents at any time to improve efficiency and reduce retention of
     paper documents. The Group also continues to implement online office system and realizes such functions as online
     transfer and online approval for documents and online attendance of staff, to realise NO-paper office gradually.

     The harmless office waste in the office area of the Group has been collected by specially-assigned person and handed to
     the sanitation station for centralized treatment every day; kitchen waste has been categorized and collected uniformly
     by the property personnel of office building and then handed to the specialized company for disposal; the outsourcing
     provider is responsible for unified collection and recovery processing of printer cartridge and toner cartridge.

     2.    Green production

     As to manufacturing and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, the Group strictly observes the
     relevant national and local provisions about energy conservation, emission reduction and environmental protection,
     conducts collection and management of the related environmental laws & regulations, standards and other
     requirements and develops Registration and Evaluation Form for Laws, Regulations and other Requirements, so as to
     ensure compliance with the latest requirements in laws and regulations on environmental protection every year.




62   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


To slow down the impact of accessories manufacture on natural environment, the Group has formulated and
implemented such internal rules as Environmental Monitoring and Measurement Control Program, Waste and Noise
Management Regulations and Regulations on Waste Water Management to make clear the standards, emission
requirements and control measures which the Group need to be followed for various wastes; the Group also entrusts
environmental detection institution to test the emissions of sewage and exhaust gas from workshop and canteen every
year so as to conform to the national environmental protection standards and reduce the impact of production activities
on environment. The Group classifies and stores daily hazardous waste and transfers the waste to the qualified third
party for centralized treatment on a regular basis every year; and timely inspects the business-related environmental
factors and environmental impact by periodically update of Register of Environmental Factors, and improves
the relevant internal environmental management regulations. At the same time, in view of energy consumption
management for accessories manufacture, the Group has set up energy-saving and consumption reduction team
composed of supervisors, leader and vice leader of workshop, which is in charge of improvement and supervision of
daily stitching technology and energy consumption; special activities themed on green production have been regularly
organized for staff to analyze the production technique and technological process for all posts, to summarize and
execute the measures for energy-saving, consumption and pollutant reduction.

                                                 The Group was certified by ISO 14001 Environmental Management
                                                 System Certification (valid until December 25th, 2019) in 2016
                                                 regarding manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and
                                                 electrical products.

                                                 Daily office and production water of the Group mainly comes from
                                                 municipal tap water. The Group enhances water efficiency and reduces
                                                 water consumption by operational activities mostly through such
                                                 measures as use of water-saving equipment and facilities, water-saving
                                                 publicity and education provided for staff.




ISO 14001: 2015 Environmental Management System Certification


3.     Environmental education and publicity

The promotion and implementation of green environmental protection concept can’t do without the participation of
the public. The Group has actively guided the staff to implement the concept of green development and environment
protection, including advocating staff’s care for green plants and encouraging no littering through office management
related rules; encouraging staff in such behaviors as energy and water-saving, both-side printing and second-time
printing by posting environmental slogans. Meanwhile, based on its business characteristics and relying on the
network platform, the Group has gradually delivered the message of green development and environment protection
appropriately to the owners and clients, help raise the public’s awareness and attention of environmental protection.

                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     4.     Environmental key performance indicators in 2018

     The key environmental performance indicators for the Group in 2018 are shown as follows:

     Key Performance Indicators                                                                                            Usage/
                                                                                 Unit                            Emission Amount

     A1.1       Sulfur dioxide                                                   kg                                              0.10
                Nitrogen oxides                                                  kg                                              8.19
                Particulate matter                                               kg                                              0.42

     A1.2       Greenhouse gas emission (range I)                                ton                                           26.25
                Greenhouse gas emission (range II)                               ton                                          725.71
                Greenhouse gas emission in total (range I and II)                ton                                          751.96

     A1.3       Obsolete battery                                                 kg                                              1.00

     A1.4       Waste materials (cloth)                                          ton                                           35.55
                General waste                                                    ton                                           68.40

     A2.1       Total electric consumption                                       kWh                                     865,231.03
                Gasoline (official vehicle)                                      L                                         6,916.47
                Direct energy consumption                                        GJ                                          349.65
                Indirect energy consumption                                      GJ                                        3,114.83
                Total energy consumption                                         GJ                                        3,464.48
                Energy intensity (network service)                               GJ/person                                     5.52
                Energy intensity (manufacture and sales of accessories)          GJ/accessory                                0.0017

     A2.2       Total water consumption                                          Cubic meter                              11,111.84
                Water consumption intensity (network service)                    Cubic meter/person                           19.98
                Water consumption intensity (manufacture and                     Cubic meter/accessory
                  sales of accessories)                                                                                        0.005

     A2.5       Plastic packing bag (manufacture and sales of accessories)       kg                                          4252.00
                Plastic packing bag consumption                                  kg/accessory                                 0.0042
                Packaging box (manufacture and sales of accessories)             kg                                          4207.00
                Packaging box consumption                                        kg/accessory                                 0.0042

     Remarks:


     (i)    The time span of the environmental data is from January 1st, 2018 to December 31st, 2018; the data collection scope includes
            the office area and staff canteen area of the Group headquarter, the production area, office area and staff canteen area
            for production and sales of accessories located in Guangdong Province, the warehouse and logistics centers established by
            the Company in South China, Central China, North China, East China and West China, as well as the office area and staff
            dormitory area where sales teams settle.




64   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)


(ii)    Greenhouse gas emission (range I) mainly comes from primary energy consumption of gasoline of official vehicle and staff
        canteen. Greenhouse gas emission (range II) is generated from electricity purchased. As to the emission factors, refer to
        Reporting Guidelines for Environmental Key Performance Indicators of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. And emission factors
        of greenhouse gas of purchased electricity are based on “China Regional Power Grid Baseline Emission Factor for Emission
        Reduction Project for 2017”.


(iii)   The types of energy consumed by the Group in 2018 include electricity purchased, fuel of staff canteen and gasoline of official
        vehicle. Refer to the national GB2589-2008T General Principles for Calculation of Comprehensive Energy Consumption for
        conversion coefficient of energy unit.


IX.     HONEST PRACTICE

The Group attaches great importance to honest practice construction and takes a “zero tolerance” attitude towards
corruption cases. The Group conforms to such relevant systems as Integrity Supervision Management Measures for
Evergrande Group and Cash Gift and Gift Management Method formulated by China Evergrande Group and advocates
integrity and self-discipline among staff. Moreover, such channels as informants’ hot-line telephone and e-mail address
are also established to accept the reporting about the behaviors involving corruption and infringement of company
interests and ensure unimpeded reporting channels. The Group adopts confidential rule as to such information as the
informant’s identity and reporting contents and strictly controls the scope of knowledge during the investigation. In
case of any behavior involving violations of law and discipline, the Group shall punish the relevant responsible personnel
or hand such case to the law enforcement department for disposal, based on the seriousness of the case. In addition,
the Group organizes integrity education and publicity activities for staff from time to time to promote the staff’s anti-
corruption awareness.

With respect to manufacturing and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, the Group has
formulated and implemented the Clean Operation Control Procedures and has required that no person of the Company
have any bribery behavior in any company activity at any time, for instance, paying or receiving a red packet. No
employee is allowed to blackmail, defraud or extort such interested party as the client, supplier and internal personnel
during any company activity. Employees are encouraged to report an offense, with the identity of the informant kept
confidential. Material reward will be secretly given to the informant after the reported offense has been settled through
final investigation and confirmation.

During the reporting period, the Group has never had any corruption case that has been filed and settled through the
court against the Group and the employee of the Group.




                                                            HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     X.    POVERTY RELIEF AND ASSISTANCE FOR THE UNPRIVILEGED

     The Group has actively responded to the national policy call for targeted poverty alleviation and rural revitalization,
     dedicated to contributions to winning the fight against poverty. For the Year 2018, the Group has continued to respond
     to the targeted poverty alleviation project of China Evergrande Group in Dafang County, Bijie of Guizhou Province,
     encouraging staff to sign up for pair-help activities and helping Dafang County achieve stable poverty alleviation.




                        Group Photo of Poverty Relief Team




66   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



APPENDIX I. CONTENT INDEX OF ESG REPORTING GUIDELINES

                                                                            Disclosure   Corresponding
ESG Indicators                                                              Situation    Chapter

A1 General       Harmful gas and greenhouse gas emission, sewage            Disclosed    Chapter VIII
disclosure       to water and soil and generation of harmful and                         Green operation
                 harmless waste:
                 (a) policy; and
                 (b) information about compliance with relevant laws
                     and regulations exerting great influence on the
                     issuer.
A1.1             Emission type and related emission data.                   Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                                                                                         Green operation
A1.2             Total emissions (calculated by ton) and (if applicable)    Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 density (for instance, calculated by per unit of output                 Green operation
                 or each facility) of greenhouse gas.
A1.3             Total harmful waste generated (calculated by ton) and      Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 (if applicable) density (for instance, calculated by per                Green operation
                 unit of output or each facility).
A1.4             Total harmless waste generated (calculated by ton)         Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 and (if applicable) density (for instance, calculated by                Green operation
                 per unit of output or each facility).
A1.5             Describe the measures for emission reduction and the       Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 achievements.                                                           Green operation
A1.6             Describe the methods for treating harmful and              Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 harmless waste, as well as the measures for waste                       Green operation
                 production reduction and the results achieved.

A2 General       Policy for effective use of resources (including energy,   Disclosed    Chapter VIII
disclosure       water and other materials)                                              Green operation
A2.1             Total consumption (calculated in thousand kWh) and         Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 density (for instance, calculated by per unit of output                 Green operation
                 or each facility) of direct and/or indirect energy (such
                 as electricity, gas or oil) divided by type.
A2.2             Total water consumption and density (for instance,         Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 calculated by per unit of output or each facility).                     Green operation
A2.3             Describe the energy efficiency program and the             Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 achievements.                                                           Green operation
A2.4             Describe whether there is any problem with                 Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 obtaining the applicable water source, as well as                       Green operation
                 water efficiency enhancement program and the
                 achievements.
A2.5             Total packaging material used for finished products        Disclosed    Chapter VIII
                 (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per                   Green operation
                 unit produced.


                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



                                                                                Disclosure          Corresponding
     ESG Indicators                                                             Situation           Chapter

     A3 General       The policy designed to reduce the issuer’s great          Disclosed           Chapter VIII
     disclosure       influence on environment and natural resources.                               Green operation
     A3.1             Describe the great influence of the business activities   Disclosed           Chapter VIII
                      on environment and the significant resources of                               Green operation
                      natural resources and action taken to manage the
                      relevant influence.

     B1 General       About payment and dismissal, recruitment and              Disclosed           Chapter VII
     disclosure       promotion, working hours, vacation, equal                                     People-oriented
                      opportunities, diversification, anti-discrimination and
                      other treatment and benefits:
                      (a) policy; and
                      (b) information about compliance with relevant
                          laws and regulations exerting great influence on
                          issuer.
     B1.1             Total number of employees divided as per gender,          Disclosed in part   Chapter VII
                      employment type, age group and region.                                        People-oriented
     B1.2             Employee turnover rate divided as per gender, age         Undisclosed,
                      group and region.                                         to be disclosed
                                                                                in due course
                                                                                in subsequent
                                                                                consideration
     B2 General       About providing safe working environment and              Disclosed           Chapter VII
     disclosure       preventing employees from occupational hazard:                                People-oriented
                      (a) policy; and
                      (b) information about compliance with relevant
                          laws and regulations exerting great influence on
                          issuer.
     B2.1             Number and rate of work-related death.                    Disclosed           Chapter VII
                                                                                                    People-oriented
     B2.2             Working days lost due to industrial injury.               Disclosed           Chapter VII
                                                                                                    People-oriented
     B2.3             Describe the occupational health and safety               Disclosed           Chapter VII
                      measures taken and the relevant implementation and                            People-oriented
                      supervision methods.




68   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



                                                                            Disclosure          Corresponding
ESG Indicators                                                              Situation           Chapter

B3 General       Policy about enhancing employees’ knowledge and            Disclosed           Chapter VII
disclosure       skills in performing their duties. Describe the training                       People-oriented
                 activities.
B3.1             Percentage of employees trained which are divided          Undisclosed,
                 by gender and employee category (such as senior            to be disclosed
                 management and middle management).                         in due course
                                                                            in subsequent
                                                                            consideration
B3.2             Average hours of training for every employee divided       Disclosed in part   Chapter VII
                 as per gender and employee category.                                           People-oriented

B4 General       About prevention of child labor or forced labor:           Disclosed           Chapter VII
disclosure       (a) policy; and                                                                People-oriented
                 (b) information about compliance with relevant laws
                      and regulations exerting great influence on issuer
B4.1             Describe measures to review recruitment practice so        Disclosed           Chapter VII
                 as to avoid child labor and forced labor.                                      People-oriented
B4.2             Describe the steps taken to eliminate the relevant         Disclosed           Chapter VII
                 situation when finding any violation.                                          People-oriented

B5 General       Environment of supply chain management and social          Disclosed           Chapter VI
disclosure       risk policy.                                                                   Mutual benefit
B5.1             Number of suppliers divided as per the region.             Disclosed           Chapter VI
                                                                                                Mutual benefit
B5.2             Describe the practice related to recruitment of            Disclosed           Chapter VI
                 suppliers, the number of suppliers to whom                                     Mutual benefit
                 the relevant practice is applicable, and the
                 implementation and supervision method for such
                 relevant practice.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018         69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



                                                                               Disclosure          Corresponding
     ESG Indicators                                                            Situation           Chapter

     B6 General       About health and safety, advertisement, label, privacy   Disclosed           Chapter V
     disclosure       issues and remedies of the products and services                             Quality service
                      provided:
                      (a) policy; and
                      (b) information about compliance with relevant laws
                          and regulations exerting great influence on issuer
     B6.1             Percentage to be recovered in the total amount sold      Undisclosed,        —
                      or shipped due to safety and health reason.              to be disclosed
                                                                               in due course
                                                                               in subsequent
                                                                               consideration
     B6.2             The number of complaints received about products         Disclosed in part   Chapter V
                      and services and solutions.                                                  Quality service
     B6.3             Describe the practice related to safeguarding and        Disclosed           Chapter V
                      protection of intellectual property right.                                   Quality service
     B6.4             Describe the quality verification process and product    Disclosed in part   Chapter V
                      recovery procedures.                                                         Quality service
     B6.5             Describe the protection and privacy policy for           Disclosed           Chapter V
                      consumers’ data and the relevant implementation and                          Quality service
                      supervision method.

     B7 General       About prevention of bribery, blackmail, fraud and        Disclosed           Chapter IX
     disclosure       money laundering:                                                            Honest practice
                      (a) policy; and
                      (b) information about compliance with relevant laws
                          and regulations exerting great influence on issuer
     B7.1             The number of corruption cases filed and concluded       Disclosed           Chapter IX
                      against the issuer or the employee during the                                Honest practice
                      reporting period and the litigation outcome.
     B7.2             Describe the preventive measures and reporting           Disclosed           Chapter IX
                      procedures, as well as the relevant implementation                           Honest practice
                      and supervision method.

     B8 General       The policy of understanding the demand of the            Disclosed           Chapter X
     disclosure       community for the operation through community                                Poverty relief and
                      participation and ensuring the business activities in                        assistance for the
                      consideration of the community interest.                                     unprivileged
     B8.1             The scope of dedicated contribution (for instance,       Disclosed           Chapter X
                      education, environmental matters, labor demand,                              Poverty relief and
                      health, culture and sports)                                                  assistance for the
                                                                                                   unprivileged
     B8.2             Use of resource (such as money or time) within the       Disclosed           Chapter X
                      area of focus.                                                               Poverty relief and
                                                                                                   assistance for the
                                                                                                   unprivileged

70   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



APPENDIX II. LIST OF POLICIES AND REGULATIONS

ESG Indicators         Internal Policy                                      Compliance with Regulations and Rules

A1 Emission            Measures for Control and Management of Indoor        Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of
                         Environmental Quality                                China
A2 Resource usage      Environment Monitoring, Measurement and Control      Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and
                                                                              Control of Water Pollution
A3 Environment and     the Management Rules for Exhaust Gas and Noise the   Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and
 natural resource        Sewage Management Rules Management Measures for      Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste
                         Guangzhou Evergrande Center

B1 Employment          Recruitment Management Rules Employee Turnover       Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China
                         Management System in Evergrande Group
                       Performance Appraisal Standards                      Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China
                       Enterprise Safety Production Management System       Employment Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of
                                                                              China
                                                                            Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China

B2 Health and safety                                                        Minimum Wage of the Ministry of Labor and Social Security
                                                                               of the People’s Republic of China
                                                                            Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and
                                                                               Control of Occupational Diseases
                                                                            Production Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                                                            Fire Control Law of the People’s Republic of China

B3 Development and                                                          Law of the People’s Republic of China on Response to
  training                                                                    Emergencies
                                                                            Regulations on the Safe Management of Hazardous
                                                                              Chemicals
                                                                            Regulations on Reporting, Investigation and Handling of
                                                                              Production Safety Accidents
                                                                            Interim Provisions of Detection & Elimination on Accident
                                                                              Hidden Trouble
B4 Labor rules                                                              Regulations on Work-related Injury Insurance of the
                                                                              People’s Republic of China
                                                                            Regulations on Supervision and Administration of
                                                                              Occupational Health in the Workplace
                                                                            Classified Catalogue of Occupational Diseases
                                                                            The Law on the Protection of Minors
                                                                            Provisions on Prohibition of Using Child Labor in the
                                                                              People’s Republic of China




                                                           HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



     ESG Indicators         Internal Policy                                              Compliance with Regulations and Rules

     B5 Supply chain        Purchase Management System of Hengten Networks Group         Tendering and Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of
       management                                                                          China
                            Comprehensive Evaluation Method for Furniture Partner of     Materials Acceptance Standards of Hengten Networks
                              Hengten Networks
                            Comprehensive Evaluation Criteria for Material Supplier of   The Law of Government Procurement of the People’s
                              Hengten Networks                                             Republic of China
                            Quality Management Requirements for Furniture Partner of
                              Hengten Networks

     B6 Product liability   Technical Standards for Engineering Household                Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China
                            Quality Management Requirements for Furniture Partner of     GB 18584 Indoor Decorating and Refurbishing Materials-
                              Hengten Networks                                             Limit of Harmful Substances of Wood-Based Furniture
                            Materials Acceptance Standards of Hengten Networks           GB 18580 Indoor Decorating and Refurbishing Materials-
                                                                                           Limit of Formaldehyde Emission of Wood-Based Panels
                                                                                           and Finishing Products
                            Quality Control Management Regulations                       GB 18583 Indoor Decorating and Refurbishing Materials-
                                                                                           Limit of Harmful Substances of Adhesives
                            User Privacy and Information Protection Policy               Law on Consumer Rights and Interests of the People’s
                                                                                           Republic of China
                            User Privacy and Information Security Policy                 Limits of Radionuclides in Building Materials
                            Data Backup and Data Security Management Rules               Law of the People’s Republic of China Against Unfair
                                                                                           Competition
                            Disaster Recovery Plan                                       Interim Provisions on Prohibiting Commercial Bribery
                            Intellectual Property Management System of Hengten           Chinese Anti-monopoly Law
                              Networks
                            After-sales Management Method for Mimi Household of          Network Security Law of the People’s Republic of China
                              Hengten Networks Group
                            After-sales Service Procedures for Material Logistics     Provisions on Information Protection of
                                                                                        Telecommunications and Internet User Customers
                            Material After-sales Service Management System of Hengten Copyright Law
                              Networks
                            Management of Material After-sales Service Procedures     Trademark Law
                            After-sales Management Method for Mimi Household          Patent Law
                                                                                      Tort Liability Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                                                                      Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of China
                                                                                      Decision of the Standing Committee of the National
                                                                                        People’s Congress on Strengthening Information
                                                                                        Protection on Networks
                                                                                      Provisions on Information Protection of
                                                                                        Telecommunications and Internet User Customers
                                                                                      Provisions on Registration of True Identity Information of
                                                                                        Telephone Users
                                                                                      Administrative Methods for the Confirmation of New and
                                                                                        High Technology Enterprises
                                                                                      National Standards for On-site Acceptance of Materials
72   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)



ESG Indicators         Internal Policy                                            Compliance with Regulations and Rules

B7 Anti-corruption     Integrity Supervision Management Measures for Evergrande   Company Law of the People’s Republic of China
                         Group
                       Cash Gift and Gift Management Method                       Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-money
                                                                                    Laundering
                       Clean Operation Control Procedures

B8 Community           Not available                                              Not available
  investment

APPENDIX III. LIST OF SOFTWARE COPYRIGHT

Serial No.       Name of Software Copyright                                                            Registration Number of
                                                                                                         Software Copyright

1.               Hengten Mimi (Android) APP software V1.0                                                    2016SR076319
2.               Hengten Mimi (iOS) APP software V1.0                                                        2016SR076322
3.               Hengten Mimi APP software (iOS version) V2.8.0                                              2016SR312033
4.               Hengten Mimi APP software (Android version) V2.8.0                                          2016SR312035
5.               Multi-platform flexible permission allocation management system V2.0                        2017SR634386
6.               Hengten continuous integration platform V1.0                                                2017SR635057
7.               Hengten Mimi e-commerce platform V3.1.20                                                    2017SR634012
8.               Hengten Mimi precision marketing system V3.1.10                                             2017SR634941
9.               Hengten Mimi community life service platform V3.1.20                                        2017SR635030
10.              Hengten Mimi property manager APP software V3.1.10                                          2017SR635018
11.              Hengten Mimi operation background management system V2.0                                    2017SR634395
12.              Hengten Mimi intelligent parking system V3.1.20                                             2017SR635026
13.              Flexible and configurable property service system V3.1.20                                   2017SR635837
14.              Mimi home decoration public platform 1.0                                                    2017SR638220
15.              Mimi community public platform 3.1.20                                                       2017SR633947
16.              Database connection pool monitor software V1.0                                              2017SR634026
17.              Generic data asynchronous export component software V1.0                                    2017SR634034
18.              Smart community access control system V1.0                                                  2017SR634039
19.              Automated interface testing framework software V1.1                                         2017SR634271




                                                            HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                         73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     To the Shareholders of HengTen Networks Group Limited
     (incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

     OPINION

     What we have audited

     The consolidated financial statements of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
     “Group”) set out on pages 79 to 165, which comprise:

     •        the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018;

     •        the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

     •        the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

     •        the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

     •        the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

     Our opinion

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
     Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     Independence

     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
     “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



74   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)



KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to capitalisation and expensing of internal development costs.

 Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


 Capitalisation and expensing of internal                     We performed the following procedures to address
 development costs                                            this key audit matter:

 Refer to Note 2.8 - accounting policy of intangible          (i)     We understood and evaluated the design of
 assets and Note 4 - critical accounting estimates and                the controls identified by the management
 judgements to the consolidated financial statements.                 surrounding the capitalisation and expensing of
                                                                      internal development costs and we tested such
 In prior years, the Group capitalised certain internal               controls.
 development costs as intangible assets. During
 the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has               (ii)    We obtained a breakdown, by value, of all
 incurred internal development costs of approximately                 individual internal development costs incurred
 RMB53,727,000 (Note 24(a) Expenses by nature) in                     during the year and reconciled this to the
 relation to development of a smart community system.                 amounts recorded in the general ledger.
 Management has expensed all these development costs
 since they considered that the system development            (iii)   We tested samples of cost incurred for
 work will not generate probable future benefits to                   the development project and through our
 the Group. Therefore management considered the                       understanding of the projects and assessing the
 development costs did not meet the conditions of                     nature and necessity of such costs to evaluate
 capitalisation.                                                      whether such cost items selected for testing were
                                                                      directly attributable to the projects.
 We focused on this area due to the significance of the
 internal development costs expenditure and the fact          (iv)    W e c onduc ted i nterv i ews wi th the project
 that there were judgements applied by management                     managers responsible for the development
 in assessing whether the criteria set out in the relevant            project in relation with the smart community
 accounting standards required for capitalisation of such             system to obtain corroborative evidence such
 costs have not been met.                                             as project progress reports to support the
                                                                      explanations provided by the management.

                                                              We found that management’s judgements that the
                                                              internal development costs did not meet the conditions
                                                              of capitalisation was properly supported by the available
                                                              evidence.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)



     OTHER INFORMATION

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
     information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
     of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




76   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
       fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
       sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
       resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
       intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
       on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
       cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
       consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
       are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
       conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
       in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
       activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
       for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
       opinion.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)


     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeung Chor Ho.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 21 March 2019




78   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                                               31 December      31 December
                                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                     Notes         RMB’000          RMB’000

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          6             15,384          27,324
Intangible assets                                                      7              6,777           8,443
Land use rights                                                        8                  –              85
Investment properties                                                  9             15,800          15,600
Financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income      12                589               –
Available-for-sale financial assets                                   12                  –             645
Prepayments                                                           14                166             183
Deferred tax assets                                                   21             20,195             771


                                                                                     58,911          53,051


Current assets
Inventories                                                           10             43,119           4,616
Trade receivables                                                     13             65,019         177,612
Other receivables and prepayments                                     14             37,695          16,278
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 15                  –          53,042
Cash and cash equivalents                                             16          1,227,239         901,165


                                                                                  1,373,072       1,152,713


Total assets                                                                      1,431,983       1,205,764


EQUITY
Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                         17             150,172         150,172
Share premium                                                         17           4,454,940       4,454,940
Other reserves                                                        18              63,598           9,234
Accumulated losses                                                                (3,627,632)     (3,734,094)


                                                                                  1,041,078         880,252


Non-controlling interests                                                             1,563             803


Total equity                                                                      1,042,641         881,055




                                                        HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018     79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)



                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                          Notes            RMB’000         RMB’000

     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
     Borrowings                                                             19                52,632        50,000
     Obligations under finance leases                                       20                   115           461
     Deferred tax liabilities                                               21                 3,657         3,551


                                                                                              56,404        54,012


     Current liabilities
     Contract liabilities                                                  5(e)               51,323             –
     Obligations under finance leases                                      20                    370           372
     Trade payables                                                        22                 24,665        65,661
     Other payables                                                        23                211,582       170,588
     Current income tax liabilities                                                           44,998        34,076


                                                                                             332,938       270,697


     Total liabilities                                                                       389,342       324,709


     Total equity and liabilities                                                          1,431,983     1,205,764


     The notes on pages 86 to 165 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

     The financial statements on pages 79 to 165 were approved by the Board of Directors on 21 March 2019 and were
     signed on its behalf.




                              Xu Wen                                                 Huang Xiangui
                              Director                                                  Director




80   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                    2018            2017
                                                                         Notes   RMB’000         RMB’000

Revenue                                                                    5      499,419         261,750
Cost of sales                                                             24     (141,788)        (79,336)


Gross profit                                                                      357,631         182,414

Selling and marketing costs                                               24      (93,913)        (14,325)
Administrative expenses                                                   24     (116,857)        (51,334)
(Net impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on financial
  assets                                                                           (6,661)          1,441
Net change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                         5,15      (7,361)         10,791
Other income                                                              26        9,453           2,019
Other expense                                                             27       (8,580)              –
Other gains/(losses) - net                                                28          948            (301)


Operating profit                                                                  134,660         130,705

Finance costs                                                             29       (2,544)         (8,052)
Finance income                                                            29       14,001           1,231


Finance income/(costs) - net                                              29       11,457          (6,821)


Profit before income tax                                                          146,117         123,884

Income tax expenses                                                       30      (20,861)        (31,032)


Profit for the year                                                               125,256          92,852


Other comprehensive income                                               18(a)
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
   Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                       (56)              –
   Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets                     –             (65)
   Currency translation difference                                                 36,386         (47,134)


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                36,330         (47,199)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                           161,586          45,653




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018    81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)



                                                                                               2018       2017
                                                                          Note              RMB’000    RMB’000

     Profit/(loss) attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                                 124,496    96,216
       Non-controlling interests                                                                 760    (3,364)


                                                                                             125,256    92,852


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                                 160,826    49,017
       Non-controlling interests                                                                 760    (3,364)


                                                                                             161,586    45,653


     Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary
       equity holders of the Company for the year:
       (expressed in RMB cents per share)                                   31
       Basic earnings per share                                                               0.1545    0.1185
       Diluted earnings per share                                                             0.1499    0.1172


     The notes on pages 86 to 165 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




82   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                  Share        Share         Other Accumulated                     controlling      Total
                                                 capital    premium       reserves       losses          Total       interests     equity
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                               (Note 17)     (Note 17)     (Note 18)

Balance at 1 January 2017                      150,151      4,452,855        46,489    (3,820,370)     829,125          4,167    833,292

Comprehensive income
Profit/(loss) for the year                            –             –             –        96,216       96,216         (3,364)     92,852

Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of available-for-
 sale financial assets (Note 18(a))                   –             –           (65)               –        (65)            –         (65)
Currency translation difference
 (Note 18(a))                                         –             –       (47,134)               –    (47,134)            –     (47,134)


Total other comprehensive income                      –             –       (47,199)               –    (47,199)            –     (47,199)


Total comprehensive income                            –             –       (47,199)       96,216       49,017         (3,364)     45,653


Transactions with owners
Expiry of Bonus Warrants (Note 18)                    –             –          347           (347)            –             –           –
Issue of new shares upon exercise of
  Bonus Warrants                                    21         2,085              4             –        2,110              –       2,110
Transfer to statutory reserve (Note 18(d))           –             –          9,593        (9,593)           –              –           –


Total transactions with owners                      21         2,085          9,944        (9,940)       2,110              –       2,110


Balance at 31 December 2017                    150,172      4,454,940         9,234    (3,734,094)     880,252            803    881,055




                                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                         83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)



                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                    Share        Share         Other Accumulated                      controlling      Total
                                                   capital    premium       reserves       losses          Total        interests     equity
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                 (Note 17)     (Note 17)     (Note 18)

     Balance at 1 January 2018                   150,172      4,454,940         9,234    (3,734,094)      880,252            803     881,055

     Comprehensive income
     Profit for the year                                –             –             –       124,496       124,496            760     125,256

     Other comprehensive income
     Changes in the fair value of debt
      instruments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income (Note 18(a))                 –             –           (56)               –         (56)            –          (56)
     Currency translation difference
      (Note 18(a))                                      –             –        36,386                –     36,386              –      36,386


     Total other comprehensive income                   –             –        36,330                –     36,330              –      36,330


     Total comprehensive income                         –             –        36,330       124,496       160,826            760     161,586


     Transactions with owners
     Transfer to statutory reserve
       (Note 18(d))                                     –             –        18,034       (18,034)             –             –            –


     Total transactions with owners                     –             –        18,034       (18,034)             –             –            –


     Balance at 31 December 2018                 150,172      4,454,940        63,598    (3,627,632)     1,041,078         1,563    1,042,641


     The notes on pages 86 to 165 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




84   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                   Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                  31 December        31 December
                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                     Notes            RMB’000            RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                         32               314,412          123,147
Interest paid                                                                            (2,446)          (8,052)
Interest received                                                                        14,001            1,231
Income tax paid                                                                         (42,235)            (498)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                            283,732          115,828


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                (4,189)            (376)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                            (2,689)          (5,617)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       2               20
Purchase of available-for-sale financial assets                                               –         (448,000)
Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale financial assets                                 –          448,000
Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost                  26                     –            1,830
Proceeds from disposal of held-for-trading equity investment           15                48,150                –
Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                          26                 1,434                –
Dividend received from financial assets at FVOCI
   (2017: Dividend received from available-for-sale
   financial assets)                                                   26                       51            58


Net cash used in investing activities                                                    42,759           (4,085)


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from exercise of Bonus Warrants                                                       –           2,110
Repayment of obligations under finance leases                          20                   (417)           (393)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                                (417)          1,717


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               289,558          113,460
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  901,165          836,150
Exchange gain/(loss) on cash and cash equivalents                                        36,516          (48,445)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                              1,227,239          901,165


The notes on pages 86 to 165 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018            85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     1    GENERAL INFORMATION

          HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and
          is engaged in investment holding. The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
          Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. The ultimate holding company of the Company is China Evergrande Group
          (“Evergrande”).

          The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in internet community services and
          related businesses, manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, investment
          and trading of securities and property investment.

          The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

          In 2017, the Group has changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi (“RMB”) for the
          preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Having considered the principal activities of the Group are
          now mainly conducted in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) where the functional currency of those
          subsidiaries in the PRC are in RMB, the directors of the Company considered that the change would result in a
          more appropriate presentation of the Group’s performance and financial position in these consolidated financial
          statements.

          These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise stated. These
          consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors (the “Board”, or
          “Directors”) of the Company on 21 March 2019.

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
          out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the year presented, unless otherwise stated. The
          financial statements are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.

          2.1    Basis of preparation

                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
                 applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the
                 Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“HKCO”) Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have
                 been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the revaluation of financial assets of fair value
                 through other comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and investment
                 properties which are carried at fair value.

                 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
                 accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
                 the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
                 where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in
                 Note 4.




86   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.1   Basis of preparation (continued)

          (a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual
                reporting period commencing 1 January 2018:

                HKFRS 9                                        Financial Instruments
                HKFRS 15                                       Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                HKFRS 2 (Amendment)                            Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                                  Payment Transactions
                HKFRS 4 (Amendment)                            Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with
                                                                  HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
                HKAS 40 (Amendment)                            Transfers to Investment Property
                HK (IFRIC) 22                                  Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                                  Consideration
                Annual Improvement 2014 – 2016 cycle

                The adoption of the above new and amended standards did not have any material impact on the
                consolidated financial statements except for disclosure set out in Note 2.2.

          (b)   New and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not
                effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2018 and have not been
                early adopted by the Group

                                                                                          Effective for annual
                                                                                            periods beginning
                                                                                                   on or after

                HKFRS 16                             Leases                                     1 January 2019
                HK (IFRIC) 23                        Uncertainty over Income Tax                1 January 2019
                                                       Treatments
                Amendments to HKFRS 9                Prepayment Features with Negative          1 January 2019
                                                       Compensation
                Amendments to HKAS 28                Long-term Interests in Associates          1 January 2019
                                                       and Joint Ventures
                Annual Improvements to HKFRS                                                    1 January 2019
                  Standards 2015 – 2017 Cycle
                Amendments to HKAS 19                Plan Amendment, Curtailment or             1 January 2019
                                                        Settlement
                HKFRS 3                              Definition of business                     1 January 2020
                Amendments to HKAS 1                 Definition of material                     1 January 2020
                  and HKAS 8
                HKFRS 17                             Insurance Contracts                        1 January 2021
                Amendments to HKFRS 10               Sale or Contribution of Assets           To be determined
                  and HKAS 28                           between an Investor and its
                                                        Associate or Joint Venture



                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.1   Basis of preparation (continued)

                (b)   New and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not
                      effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2018 and have not been
                      early adopted by the Group (continued)

                      The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards,
                      interpretation and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the directors,
                      no significant impact on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when
                      they become effective except for HKFRS 16.

                      HKFRS 16 Leases

                      Nature of change

                      HKFRS 16 was issued in January 2016. It will result in almost all leases being recognised on the
                      balance sheet by lessees, as the distinction between operating and finance leases is removed.
                      Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay
                      rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and low-value leases.

                      Impact

                      The Group has set up a project team which has reviewed all of the Group’s leasing arrangements
                      over the last year in light of the new lease accounting rules in HKFRS 16. The standard will affect
                      primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases.

                      As at the reporting date, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of
                      RMB48,292,000, see note 33. Of these commitments, approximately RMB1,446,000 relate to
                      short-term leases and nil to low value leases which will both be recognised on a straight-line basis
                      as expense in profit or loss.

                      For the remaining lease commitments, the Group expects to recognise right-of-use assets of
                      approximately RMB44,518,000 on 1 January 2019, lease liabilities of RMB41,133,000 (after
                      adjustments for prepayments and accrued lease payments recognised as at 31 December 2018)
                      and deferred tax liabilities of RMB846,000. Overall net assets will be approximately RMB2,539,000
                      higher, and net current assets will be RMB17,893,000 lower due to the presentation of a portion
                      of the liability as a current liability.

                      The Group expects that net profit after tax will decrease by approximately RMB14,732,000 for
                      2019 as a result of adopting the new rules. Adjusted EBITDA used to measure segment results is
                      expected to increase by approximately RMB19,731,000, as the operating lease payments were
                      included in EBITDA, but the amortisation of the right-of-use assets and interest on the lease
                      liability are excluded from this measure.

                      Operating cash flows will increase and financing cash flows decrease by approximately
                      RMB19,464,000 as repayment of the principal portion of the lease liabilities will be classified as
                      cash flows from financing activities.



88   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.1   Basis of preparation (continued)

          (b)   New and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not
                effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2018 and have not been
                early adopted by the Group (continued)

                HKFRS 16 Leases (continued)

                Impact (continued)

                The Group’s activities as a lessor are not material and hence the Group does not expect any
                significant impact on the financial statements. However, some additional disclosures will be
                required from next year.

                Date of adoption by Group

                The Group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption date of 1 January 2019. The Group
                intends to apply the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts
                for the year prior to first adoption. Right-of-use assets for property leases will be measured
                on transition as if the new rules had always been applied. All other right-of-use assets will be
                measured at the amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted for any prepaid or accrued
                lease expenses).

                There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a
                material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
                transactions.

    2.2   Changes in accounting policies

          This note explains the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments and HKFRS 15 Revenue
          from Contracts with Customers on the Group’s financial statements.

          (a)   Impact on the financial statements

                As explained in Notes 2.2(b) and 2.2(c) below, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 were generally adopted
                without restating comparative information. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from
                HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 are therefore not reflected in the restated balance sheet as at 31 December
                2017, but are recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1 January 2018.

                The following tables show the adjustments recognised for each individual line item. Line items that
                were not affected by the changes have not been included. As a result, the sub-totals and totals
                disclosed cannot be recalculated from the numbers provided. The adjustments are explained in
                more detail by standard below.



                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

                (a)   Impact on the financial statements (continued)

                                                        31 December
                                                                2017                                                    1 January
                                                        As originally                                                        2018
                      Balance sheet (extract)              presented             HKFRS 9            HKFRS 15             Restated
                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000

                      Non-current assets
                      Financial assets at fair
                         value through other
                         comprehensive income
                         (FVOCI)                                       –                645                   –                645
                      Available-for-sale financial
                         assets                                     645                (645)                  –                   –


                      Total non-current assets                      645                    –                  –                645


                      Current liabilities
                      Contract liabilities                           –                     –             5,163              5,163
                      Other payables                           170,588                     –            (5,163)           165,425


                      Total current liabilities                170,588                     –                  –           170,588


                      Statement of comprehensive income                     As originally
                      (extract) 2017                                          presented              HKFRS 9             Restated
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000

                      Other gains/(losses) - net                                     1,140              (1,441)*              (301)
                      (Net impairment losses)/reversal of impairment
                        losses on financial assets                                         –            1,441*               1,441


                      Operating profit                                               1,140                    –              1,140


                      *      Reclassification of impairment losses on financial assets required as a result of consequential changes
                             made to HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements.




90   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

          (b)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments

                HKFRS 9 replaces the provisions of HKAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and
                measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments,
                impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting.

                The adoption of HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments from 1 January 2018 resulted in changes in
                accounting policies. No material adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the
                financial statements. The new accounting policies are set out in Note 2.12 below.

                The changes on the classification and measurement models introduced by HKFRS 9 do not have
                material impact on the Group’s existing financial assets and liabilities, as they mainly comprised
                of loans and receivables and financial liabilities at amortised costs as determined under HKAS 39,
                which are similar to the financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost under HKFRS 9,
                and are expected to continuously be initial recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at
                amortised cost.

                The Group was required to revise its impairment methodology under HKFRS 9. The Directors of the
                Group consider that there is no material impact of the change in impairment methodology on the
                Group’s retained earnings and equity.

                (i)    Classification and measurement

                       On 1 January 2018 (the date of initial application of HKFRS 9), the Group’s management
                       has assessed which business models apply to the financial assets held by the Group and has
                       classified its financial instruments into the appropriate HKFRS 9 categories. The main effects
                       resulting from this reclassification are as follows:

                                                                                                   Available-for-sale
                       Financial assets – 1 January 2018                                FVOCI        financial assets
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

                       Closing balance 31 December 2017 – HKAS 39 *                           –                  645
                       Reclassify investments in bonds from available-for-sale
                         to financial assets at FVOCI                                      645                  (645)

                       Opening balance 1 January 2018 - HKFRS 9                            645                     –

                       The impact of these changes on the Group’s equity is as follows:

                                                                                                         Effect on
                                                                                     Effect on         Investment
                       Opening balance – HKAS 39                                 FVOCI reserve revaluation reserve
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

                       Closing balance 31 December 2017 - HKAS 39                             –                 (168)
                       Reclassify investments in bonds from available-for-sale
                         to financial assets at FVOCI                                      (168)                 168

                       Opening balance – HKFRS 9                                           (168)                   –

                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

                (b)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

                      (i)   Classification and measurement (continued)

                            Reclassify investments in bonds from available-for-sale to financial assets at FVOCI

                            Certain investments in Allianz US High-yield-bond Fund (“Bond Fund”) were reclassified
                            from available-for-sale to FVOCI, as the Group’s business model is achieved both by
                            collecting contractual cash flows and selling of these assets. The contractual cash flows of
                            these investments are solely principal and interest. As a result, the Bond Fund with a fair
                            value of RMB645,000 were reclassified from available-for-sale financial assets to financial
                            assets at FVOCI and fair value losses of RMB168,000 were reclassified from the available-
                            for-sale financial assets reserve to the FVOCI reserve on 1 January 2018.

                            On the date of initial application, 1 January 2018, the financial instruments of the Group
                            were as follows, with any reclassifications noted:

                                                                Measurement category                   Carrying amount
                                                        Original             New            Original           New       Difference
                                                        (HKAS 39)            (HKFRS 9)      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

                            Non-current financial
                              assets
                            Investments in Allianz US
                              High-yield-bond Fund      Available for sale   FVOCI              645             645               –

                            Current financial assets
                            Trade receivables           Amortised cost     Amortised cost   177,612         177,612               –
                            Other receivables*          Amortised cost     Amortised cost    12,161          12,161               –
                            Financial assets at fair    Fair value through
                              value through profit        profit or loss
                              or loss                     (FVPL)           FVPL               53,042          53,042              –

                            *        Other receivables is the other receivables and prepayments excluding prepayments and
                                     deductible input value-added tax.




92   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

          (b)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets

                       The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to HKFRS 9’s new expected
                       credit loss model:

                       •      trade receivables

                       •      other receivable

                       •      debt investments carried at FVOCI, and

                       •      cash and cash equivalents

                       The Group was required to revise its impairment methodology under HKFRS 9 for each of
                       these classes of assets. For further details refer to Note 3.1(d).

                       While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of
                       HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          (c)   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customer

                The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 January 2018
                which resulted in changes in accounting policies. The directors of the Group consider the changes
                on the Group’s revenue recognition do not have material impact on the amounts recognised
                in the financial statements. Thus, the Group adopted HKFRS 15 without restating comparative
                information.

                The following adjustment were made to the amounts recognised in the balance sheet at the date
                of initial application (1 January 2018):

                                                                    HKAS 18                           HKFRS 15
                                                                    Carrying                           Carrying
                                                                     amount                             amount
                                                                31 December          Reclassi -       1 January
                                                                        2017          fication             2018
                                                        Notes       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

                Other payables and advance receipts       (i)          170,588           (5,163)        165,425
                Contract liabilities                      (i)                –            5,163           5,163



                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018               93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

                (c)    HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customer (continued)

                       (i)    Presentation of assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

                              Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive
                              consideration from the customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods
                              or provide services to the customer. The combination of those rights and performance
                              obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on the relationship between
                              the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset and
                              recognised as contract assets if the measure of the remaining rights exceeds the measure
                              of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract is a liability and
                              recognised as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance obligations
                              exceeds the measure of the remaining rights.

          2.3   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

                (a)    Subsidiaries

                       Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has controlled. The
                       Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                       involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct
                       the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is
                       transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                       Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group
                       companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                       evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                       changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                       Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                       consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of
                       changes in equity and balance sheet respectively.

          2.4   Separate financial statements

                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
                costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the company on the basis of dividend
                received and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
                exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
                including goodwill.


94   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.5   Segment reporting

          Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
          operating decision-makers (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and
          assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the
          Company that make strategic decisions.

    2.6   Foreign currency translation

          (a)   Functional and presentation currency

                Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the presentation
                currency of the Company. The functional currency of the Company is HK$.

          (b)   Transactions and balances

                Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
                of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in profit or loss. They are
                deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment
                hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

                Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of
                profit or loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the
                statement of profit or loss on a net basis within Other gains/(losses) - net.

          (c)   Group companies

                The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                •      assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at
                       the date of that balance sheet

                •      income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of comprehensive
                       income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable
                       approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in
                       which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

                •      all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.7   Property, plant and equipment

                Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss.
                Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part
                is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in
                which they are incurred.

                Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate
                their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                Buildings                                                  20 years
                Leasehold improvements                                     Shorter of lease term and useful life
                Plant and machinery                                        5-10 years
                Furniture, fixtures and equipment                          5-10 years
                Network equipment                                          3 years
                Motor vehicles                                             5 years

                The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance
                sheet date.

                An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

                Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
                are recognised within “Other gains/(losses) - net” in profit or loss.

                Assets under construction are stated at historical cost less impairment losses. Historical cost includes
                expenditure that is directly attributable to the development of the assets which comprises construction
                costs, amortisation of land use rights, borrowing costs and professional fees incurred during the
                development period. On completion, the assets are transferred to buildings within property, plant and
                equipment.

                No depreciation is provided for assets under construction. The carrying amount of an asset under
                construction is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
                greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




96   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.8   Intangible assets

          (a)   Acquired internet platform

                Separately acquired internet platform is shown at historical cost. The platform has a finite useful
                life and is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

                Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated
                useful lives of three years.

          (b)   Internal development costs

                Internal costs incurred on development projects (relating to the upgrade of the internet platform)
                are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition criteria are met:

                •      it is technically feasible to complete the application so that it will be available for use;

                •      management intends to complete the application and use or sell it;

                •      there is an ability to use or sell the application;

                •      it can be demonstrated how the application will generate probable future economic
                       benefits;

                •      adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
                       or sell the application are available; and

                •      the expenditure attributable to the application during its development can be reliably
                       measured.

                Directly attributable costs that are capitalised include employment costs and an appropriate
                portion of relevant overheads. Development costs previously recognised as an expense is not
                recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded as
                intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use on a straight-line
                basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

                Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the capitalisation criteria are
                recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are
                not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.

          (c)   Patent

                Separately acquired patent used right is shown at historical cost. The patent has a finite useful life
                and is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

                Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated
                useful lives of ten years.



                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

          2.9   Land use rights

                Land use rights in the consolidated statement of financial position represent up-front prepayment made
                for operating leases for land use rights paid to the counterparties. Land use rights are carried at cost and
                are charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the
                respective periods of the leases for 25 years.

          2.10 Investment properties

                Property and land use rights that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both,
                and that are not occupied by the Group, are classified as investment property.

                Investment property is initially measured at its cost, including related transaction costs. Subsequently,
                they are carried at fair value. Changes in fair values are presented in consolidated statement of
                comprehensive income as part of other gains/(losses) - net.

          2.11 Impairment of non-financial assets

                Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually
                for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
                impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
                that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by
                which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
                of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,
                assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are
                largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).
                Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of
                the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

          2.12 Investments and other financial assets

                (a)    Classification

                       From 1 January 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement
                       categories:

                       •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or
                              loss), and

                       •      those to be measured at amortised cost.




98   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.12 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

         (a)   Classification (continued)

               The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
               contractual terms of the cash flows.

               For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
               For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether
               the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the
               equity investment at FVOCI.

               The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
               those assets changes.

         (b)   Recognition and derecognition

               Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
               which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
               rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
               Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

         (c)   Measurement

               At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
               financial asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
               financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

               Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
               whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

               Debt instruments

               Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
               managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
               categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

               •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                      cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised
                      cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the
                      effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised
                      directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) - net together with foreign
                      exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the
                      statement of profit or loss.


                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                      99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

           2.12 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

                (c)   Measurement (continued)

                      Debt instruments (continued)

                      •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                             financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                             interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                             OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign
                             exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                             is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified
                             from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses) - net. Interest income
                             from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate
                             method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) - net and
                             impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                      •      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured
                             at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is
                             recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) - net in the period
                             in which it arises.

                      Equity instruments

                      The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                      management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                      there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                      derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                      profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                      Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                      statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses)
                      on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair
                      value.

                (d)   Impairment

                      From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses
                      associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment
                      methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                      requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables, see
                      Note 3.1(d) for further details.


100   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.12 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

         (e)   Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017

               (i)    The Group has applied HKFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, and has not restated comparative
                      information. As a result, the comparative information provided continues to be accounted
                      for in accordance with the group’s previous accounting policy.

                      Until 31 December 2017 the Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

                      •      financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,

                      •      loan and other receivables,

                      •      available-for-sale financial assets.

                      The classification depended on the purpose for which the investments were acquired.
                      Management determined the classification of its investments at initial recognition. See Note
                      11 for details about each type of financial asset.

               (ii)   Subsequent measurement

                      Subsequent to the initial, recognition loans and receivables were subsequently carried at
                      amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                      Available-for-sale financial assets and financial assets at FVPL were subsequently carried at
                      fair value. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value are recognised as follows:

                      •      for ‘financial assets at FVPL’ – in profit or loss within other income/(expense) - net

                      •      for available-for-sale financial assets that are monetary securities denominated in a
                             foreign currency – translation differences related to changes in the amortised cost
                             of the security were recognised in profit or loss and other changes in the carrying
                             amount were recognised in other comprehensive income

                      •      for other monetary and non-monetary securities classified as available-for-sale – in
                             other comprehensive income.

                      Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note
                      3.3.

                      When securities classified as available-for-sale were sold, the accumulated fair value
                      adjustments recognised in other comprehensive income were reclassified to profit or loss as
                      gains and other losses from investment securities.


                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

           2.12 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

                (e)    Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017 (continued)

                       (iii)   Impairment

                               The Group assessed at the end of each reporting period whether there was objective
                               evidence that a financial asset or group of financial assets was impaired. A financial asset or
                               a group of financial assets was impaired and impairment losses were incurred only if there
                               was objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after
                               the initial recognition of the asset (a ‘loss event’) and that loss event (or events) had an
                               impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of financial assets
                               that could be reliably estimated. In the case of equity investments classified as available-for-
                               sale, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost was
                               considered an indicator that the assets are impaired.

           2.13 Offsetting financial instruments

                Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the
                Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention
                to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also
                entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related
                amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.

           2.14 Inventories

                Raw materials and stores, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net
                realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable
                and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost
                excludes borrowing costs. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted
                average costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

           2.15 Trade receivables

                Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the
                ordinary course of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the
                normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
                presented as non-current assets.

                Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
                trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
                subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss allowance.

                See note 13 for further information about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1(d)
                for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.



102   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.16 Cash and cash equivalents

         For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash
         on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with
         original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
         which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are
         shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.

    2.17 Share capital

         Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new share
         or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

    2.18 Trade and other payables

         These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
         financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of
         recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
         12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently
         measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

    2.19 Borrowings

         Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
         subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
         and the redemption value is recognised in the profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
         effective interest method.

         Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the
         extent that it is probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred
         until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the
         facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised
         over the period of the facility to which it relates.

         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
         settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the respective balance sheet date.

    2.20 Borrowing costs

         General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
         production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete
         and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a
         substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

         Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
         on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

         Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                       103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

           2.21 Current and deferred income tax

                The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets
                and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                (a)   Current income tax

                      The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                      enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the company’s subsidiaries and
                      associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                      taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to
                      interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be
                      paid to the tax authorities.

                (b)   Deferred income tax

                      Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                      between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
                      financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
                      initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial
                      recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the
                      time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is
                      determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end
                      of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
                      realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                      The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is
                      determined assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                      Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
                      profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                      current tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
                      authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable
                      right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the
                      liability simultaneously.

                      Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from
                      investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable
                      the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available
                      against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

                      Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to
                      items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also
                      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.



104   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.22 Employee benefits

         (a)   Employee leave entitlements

               Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
               employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave
               as a result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

               Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

         (b)   Retirement benefits

               In accordance with the rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
               PRC based employees of the Group participate in various defined contribution retirement benefit
               plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC under which the
               Group and the PRC based employees are required to make monthly contributions to these plans
               calculated at a percentage of the employees’ salaries.

               The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations
               of all existing and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above.
               Other than the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of
               retirement and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held
               separately from those of the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the PRC
               government.

               The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory
               Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance (“MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is
               a defined contribution retirement scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on
               minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate
               income. The assets of this pension scheme are held separately from those of the Group in
               independently administered funds.

               The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are expensed as
               incurred.




                                               HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

           2.23 Provision

                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
                past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
                amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for further operating losses.

                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even
                if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may
                be small.

                Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
                to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine
                the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
                interest expense.

           2.24 Revenue recognition

                Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of goods
                and provision of internet platform services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is
                shown, net of discounts and after eliminating sales with the Group companies. The Group recognises
                revenue when control of the goods has transferred or services has been rendered in the accounting
                period for each of the Group’s activities, as described below.

                Sales of goods

                The Group manufactures and sells accessories for photographic and electrical products in wholesale
                market, and sells building furnishing materials in wholesale and retail market. Revenue from sales of
                goods are recognised when the products have been delivered to the customers.

                Provision of internet community services

                The Group provides an internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit furniture and home appliance
                products and another internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit building furnishing materials, and
                the users can access and purchase these products from the platform offered by suppliers. The Group is
                not the primary obligor, does not bear the inventory risk nor have the ability to establish the price. Upon
                successful sales, the Group will charge the suppliers a service fee based on the transactions amount.
                The suppliers are our customers as these suppliers are the primary obligor to provide goods and delivery
                service to the users and the performance obligation of the Group is to provide matching service for the
                suppliers. The platform service fee is determined as a percentage of the transaction amount achieved by
                using the Group’s platform and paid by suppliers as commission revenue. The Group acts as an agent in
                this transaction and recognizes revenue when the matching service is completed.



106   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.24 Revenue recognition (continued)

         Contract assets and contract liabilities

         Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contact, if recoverable, are capitalized and presented as assets
         and subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognized. The Group applied the practical
         expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense immediately if the
         amortization period is less than 12 months.

         If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
         unconditional, before the Group transfers services to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a
         contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract
         liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received
         consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

         Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017, Revenue is measured at the fair value of the
         consideration received or receivable, and represents amounts receivable of goods supplied, stated net of
         discounts, returns and value added taxes. The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue
         can be reliably measured; when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the entity; and
         when the products are delivered to the wholesaler or services has been rendered in the accounting period
         for each of the Group’s activities.

    2.25 Earnings per share

         (i)    Basic earnings per share

                Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                •      the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
                       other than ordinary shares

                •      by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial
                       year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
                       treasury shares.

         (ii)   Diluted earnings per share

                Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
                to take into account:

                •      the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                       potential ordinary shares, and

                •      the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                       outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.



                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

           2.26 Interest income

                Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in net change in fair value of financial assets at
                fair value through profit or loss on these assets, see Note 15 below.

                Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is
                recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as part of other income.

                Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for
                cash management purposes.

                Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired
                financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
                deduction of the loss allowance).

           2.27 Dividend income

                Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVPL and at FVOCI (2017 – from financial assets
                at FVPL and available-for-sale financial assets). Dividends are recognised as other income in profit or loss
                when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of pre-acquisition
                profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an investment. In this
                case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured at FVOCI. However, the
                investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.

           2.28 Leases

                (a)    The Group is the lessee

                       Leases of property, plant and equipment where the Group, as lessee, has substantially all the
                       risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases. Finance leases are capitalised at
                       the lease’s inception at the fair value of the leased property or, if lower, the present value of
                       the minimum lease payments. The corresponding rental obligations, net of finance charges, are
                       included in other short-term and long-term payables. Each lease payment is allocated between the
                       liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the profit or loss over the lease period so
                       as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each
                       period.

                       The property, plant and equipment acquired under finance leases is depreciated over the asset’s
                       useful life or over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term if there is no reasonable
                       certainty that the Group will obtain ownership at the end of the lease term.

                       Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not transferred to
                       the Group as lessee are classified as operating lease. Payments made under operating leases are
                       charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

                (b)    The Group is the lessor

                       Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a
                       straight-line basis over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance
                       sheet based on their nature.
108   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    2.29 Dividend distribution

          Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer
          at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end
          of the reporting period.

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

    3.1   Financial risk factor

          The Group’s major financial instruments include cash and bank deposits, trade and other receivables,
          trade and other payables and borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the
          respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate
          these risks are set out below. The Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
          measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.

          (a)    Foreign exchange risk

                 Several subsidiaries of the Group have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the
                 Group to foreign currency risk. In addition, certain trade and other receivables, bank balances,
                 trade and other payables of the Group are denominated in HK$, United States dollars (“US$”),
                 Euro (“EUR”) and RMB, currencies other than the functional currencies of respective group
                 entities. The Group has not entered into forward exchange contract to hedge its exposure to
                 foreign exchange risk.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
                 at the end of the reporting period are approximately as follows:

                                                  HK$ against       EUR against      RMB against
                 As at 31 December 2018                 RMB                HK$              HK$               Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Monetary assets
                  – Trade and other
                     receivables                              –                48              154               202
                  – Cash and cash
                     equivalents                            800                13                20              833


                                                            800                61              174             1,035


                 Monetary liabilities
                  – Trade and other
                     payables                                 –                 –            (2,068)           (2,068)



                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

                 (a)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)

                                                          HK$ against        EUR against       RMB against
                       As at 31 December 2017                   RMB                HK$               HK$                Total
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

                       Monetary assets
                        – Trade and other
                           receivables                                –              223                335               558
                        – Cash and cash
                           equivalents                             248               133              3,993             4,374


                                                                   248               356              4,328             4,932


                       Monetary liabilities
                        – Trade and other
                           payables                                   –                 –              (446)              (446)


                       The functional current of the Company and certain subsidiaries is HK$ because their activities
                       are principally conducted in HK$. As at 31 December 2018, there are assets and liabilities of
                       approximately RMB683,548,000 (31 December 2017: approximately RMB14,368,000) and
                       approximately RMB96,000 (31 December 2017: approximately RMB757,000) denominated in
                       US$. Under the Linked Exchange Rate System in Hong Kong, HK$ is pegged to US$, management
                       considers that there is no significant foreign exchange risk with respect to US$.

                       As at 31 December 2018, if HK$ had strengthened/weakened by 5% against all foreign currencies,
                       with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2018 and
                       the net assets as at 31 December 2018 would have been increased/decreased by approximately
                       RMB132,000 (for the year ended 31 December 2017: post-tax loss increased/decreased by
                       approximately RMB208,000).

                 (b)   Price risk

                       The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk in connection with the financial assets at FVOCI
                       (2017: available-for-sale financial assets) and certain financial assets at fair value through profit or
                       loss held by the Group, which are traded in the market. The Group closely monitors the fluctuation
                       of the price and assesses the impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. If the price
                       of equity securities the Group invested had been 5% higher/lower, post-tax profit for the year
                       ended 31 December 2018 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB3,183,000. Net assets as
                       at 31 December 2018 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB34,000 (31 December 2017:
                       the net assets increased/decreased by approximately RMB3,221,000).


110   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

          (c)   Interest rate risk

                The Group’s interest-bearing assets and liabilities are mainly cash and cash equivalents and
                borrowings. The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its long
                term borrowings. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

                The Group has not used any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.

          (d)   Credit risk

                Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of debt instruments
                carried at amortised cost, at fair value through comprehensive income (FVOCI) and at fair value
                through profit or loss (FVPL) and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit
                exposures to wholesale and retail customers, including outstanding receivables.

                (i)    Risk management

                       As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a
                       financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is
                       arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in
                       the consolidated statement of financial position.

                       The Group has significant concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At 31 December
                       2018, 38% (31 December 2017: 52%) of the total trade receivables was due from the
                       Group’s five largest customers which are sizable and reputable corporations. The directors
                       of the Company consider these counterparties with good credit worthiness based on their
                       past repayment history. The directors closely monitor the subsequent settlement of the
                       customers. The Group does not grant long credit period to the counterparties.

                       In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team
                       responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring
                       procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition,
                       the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivables at the end of
                       the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable
                       amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
                       is significantly reduced.

                       Substantially all of the Group’s bank deposits are deposited with major financial institutions
                       incorporated in the PRC and Hong Kong, which management believes are of high credit
                       quality without significant credit risk.




                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

                 (d)   Credit risk (continued)

                       (ii)   Impairment of financial assets

                              From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit
                              losses associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The
                              impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase
                              in credit risk.

                              Trade receivables

                              The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses
                              which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the
                              expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk
                              characteristics and the days past due.

                              The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of
                              36 months before 31 December 2018 and the corresponding historical credit losses
                              experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current
                              and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of
                              the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the GDP and the
                              unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most
                              relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes
                              in these factors.

                              On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2018 was determined as follows for
                              trade receivables.

                                                                        Up to      Up to       Up to More than
                                                                      60 days   120 days    180 days  180 days
                                                          Current    past due   past due    past due  past due       Total
                              31 December 2018           RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000      RMB’000

                              Expected loss rate                –       3.8%      15.5%       27.2%      49.5%
                              Gross carrying amount        18,105      15,267     34,946       1,556      3,079      72,953
                              Loss allowance                    –         587      5,401         423      1,523       7,934




112   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

          (d)   Credit risk (continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                       Trade receivables (continued)

                       As at 31 December 2018, the loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to
                       the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                                               Trade
                                                                                                         receivables
                                                                                                           RMB’000

                       Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2017
                         (calculated under HKAS 39)                                                            1,273
                       Amounts restated through opening retained earnings                                          –


                       Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2018
                          (calculated under HKFRS 9)                                                           1,273
                       Increase in loss allowance recognised in profit or
                          loss during the year                                                                 6,661


                       Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2018
                         (calculated under HKFRS 9)                                                            7,934


                       Other financial assets at amortised cost

                       For Other receivables, which included deposit and due from a related party is measured
                       at either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending
                       on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a
                       significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since initial recognition, then
                       impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

                       Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

                       Debt investments at FVOCI are considered to be low credit risk, and the loss allowance
                       recognised during the period was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses.,
                       Management considers ‘low credit risk’ for the instruments that the issuer has a strong
                       capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term.




                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                     113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

                 (d)   Credit risk (continued)

                       (ii)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                               Cash and cash equivalents

                               Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the
                               identified impairment loss was immaterial.

                       (iii)   Net impairment losses on financial assets recognised in profit or loss

                               During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in profit or loss in relation to
                               impaired financial assets:

                                                                                                      2018            2017
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

                               Impairment losses
                                 - movement in loss allowance for trade
                                    receivables and contract assets                                  (6,661)              –
                               Reversal of previous impairment losses                                     –           1,441


                                                                                                     (6,661)          1,441


                       (iv)    Previous accounting policy for impairment of financial assets

                               Assets carried at amortised cost

                               The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence
                               that a financial asset or group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group
                               of financial assets is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective
                               evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial
                               recognition of the asset (a “loss event”) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on
                               the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or group of financial assets that can
                               be reliably estimated.

                               The criteria that the Group uses to determine that there is objective evidence of an
                               impairment loss include:

                               •      significant financial difficulty of the issuer or obligor;




114   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

          (d)   Credit risk (continued)

                (iv)   Previous accounting policy for impairment of financial assets (continued)

                       Assets carried at amortised cost (continued)

                       •      a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                              payments;

                       •      the Group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                              difficulty, granting to the borrower a concession that the lender would not
                              otherwise consider;

                       •      it becomes probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                              reorganisation;

                       •      the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial
                              difficulties; or

                       •      observable data indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated
                              future cash flows from a portfolio of financial assets since the initial recognition
                              of those assets, although the decrease cannot yet be identified with the individual
                              financial assets in the portfolio, including:

                              (i)    adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers in the portfolio;

                              (ii)   national or local economic conditions that correlate with defaults on the
                                     assets in the portfolio.

                       The Group first assesses whether objective evidence of impairment exists.

                       For loans and receivables category, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference
                       between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows
                       (excluding future credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial
                       asset’s original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the
                       amount of the loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
                       If a loan has a variable interest rate, the discount rate for measuring any impairment loss is
                       the current effective interest rate determined under the contract. As a practical expedient,
                       the Group may measure impairment on the basis of an instrument’s fair value using an
                       observable market price.

                       If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease
                       can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such
                       as an improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised
                       impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.



                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.1   Financial risk factor (continued)

                 (e)   Liquidity risk

                       Management aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents or have available funding
                       through an adequate amount of available financing, including proceeds from advance receipts and
                       long-term borrowings to meet its operating demands.

                       The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity
                       groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity
                       date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                              Less than          Between              Between
                                                                 1 year      1 and 2 years        2 and 5 years     Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000

                       At 31 December 2018
                       Borrowings                                 2,632              53,781                   –    56,413
                       Trade payables                            24,665                   –                   –    24,665
                       Other payables*                          209,914                   –                   –   209,914
                       Obligations under finance
                         leases (Note 20)                            380                     88             30        498


                       Total                                    237,591              53,869                 30    291,490


                       At 31 December 2017
                       Borrowings                                 2,500                2,500            51,315     56,315
                       Trade payables                            65,661                    –                 –     65,661
                       Other payables*                          149,377                    –                 –    149,377
                       Obligations under finance
                         leases (Note 20)                            395                    361            112        868


                       Total                                    217,933                2,861            51,427    272,221


                       *       Excluding provisions for other taxes and advance receipts.




116   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

    3.2   Capital risk management

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
          to equity owners, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
          concern in order to provide returns for equity owners and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain
          an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This
          ratio is calculated as total borrowings divided by total assets, as shown in the consolidated statements of
          financial position. Total borrowings includes borrowings and obligations under finance leases.

          The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

                                                                               31 December           31 December
                                                                                      2018                  2017
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

          Total borrowings and obligations under finance leases                       53,117               50,833
          Total assets                                                             1,431,983            1,205,764


          Gearing ratio                                                                   4%                   4%


    3.3   Fair value estimation

          (a)    Financial assets and liabilities

                 (i)      Fair value hierarchy

                          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognised at fair
                          value at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 on a recurring basis:

                                                                                      Level 1               Level 1
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                        2018                  2017

                          Financial assets
                          Financial assets at FVPL (Note 15)                                 –               53,042
                          Available-for-sale financial assets (Note 12)                      –                  645
                          Financial asset at FVOCI (Note 12)                               589                    –


                          Total financial assets                                           589               53,687



                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

                 (a)   Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

                       (i)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                             The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted
                             (unadjusted) market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted marked price
                             used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                             included in level 1.

                             There were no transfers between levels 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements
                             during the periods.

                             There were no other changes in valuation techniques during the periods.

                             The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying
                             amount:

                             •      Trade and other receivables

                             •      Cash and cash equivalents

                             •      Borrowings

                             •      Trade and other payables

                             •      Obligations under finance leases

                 (b)   Non-financial assets and liabilities

                       (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                             To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair
                             value, the Group has classified its non-financial assets and liabilities into the three levels
                             prescribed under the accounting standards. For further details is provided in Note 9.

                                                                                           Level 3                Level 3
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2018                   2017

                             Non-financial assets
                             Investment properties (Note 9)                                  15,800                15,600


                             Total non-financial assets                                      15,800                15,600



118   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

    3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

          (b)   Non-financial assets and liabilities (continued)

                (ii)    Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values

                        The Group obtains independent valuations for its investment properties at least annually.

                        At the end of each reporting period, the directors update their assessment of the fair value
                        of investment properties, taking into account the most recent independent valuations. The
                        directors determine a property’s value within a range of reasonable fair value estimates.

                        The best evidence of fair value is current prices in an active market for similar properties.
                        Where such information is not available the directors consider information from a variety of
                        sources including:

                        •      current prices in an active market for properties of different nature or recent prices
                               of similar properties in less active markets, adjusted to reflect those differences.

                (iii)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)

                        The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the years ended 31 December
                        2017 and 31 December 2018 for recurring fair value measurements:

                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2018                   2017
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

                        Opening balance at 1 January                                    15,600               15,400
                        Net gain from fair value adjustment (Note 28)                      200                  200


                        Closing balance at 31 December                                  15,800               15,600


                        Unrealised gain on properties revaluation
                         included in the consolidated statement of
                         comprehensive income (included in “other
                         gains/(losses) - net” (Note 28))                                  200                   200




                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

           3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

                 (b)   Non-financial assets and liabilities (continued)

                       (iv)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value

                              The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant
                              unobservable inputs used in recurring level 3 fair value measurements. See (ii) above for the
                              valuation techniques adopted.

                                             Fair value at                                               Range of
                                             31December 2018 Fair value   Valuation     Unobservable     unobservable     Relationship of
                               Description   RMB’000         hierarchy    techniques    inputs           inputs           inputs to fair value

                               Industrial and 15,800          Level 3     Market        Unit price per RMB 1,300 to       The higher the unit
                                 dormitory                                 comparison    square meter RMB 1,600 per         price per square
                                 buildings                                 approach                     square meter        meter, the higher
                                                                                                                            the fair value


                                             Fair value at                                               Range of
                                             31December 2017 Fair value   Valuation     Unobservable     unobservable     Relationship of
                               Description   RMB’000         hierarchy    techniques    inputs           inputs           inputs to fair value

                               Industrial and 15,600          Level 3     Market        Unit price per   RMB 1,000 to     The higher the unit
                                 dormitory                                 comparison    square meter     RMB 1,500 per     price per square
                                 buildings                                 approach                       square meter      meter, the higher
                                                                                                                            the fair value

                       (v)    Valuation processes

                              The Group measures its investment properties at fair value. The fair value of the Group’s
                              investment properties has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out by Asset
                              Appraisal Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer.

                              Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the management and the
                              valuer at 30 June 2018 and 31 December 2018, in line with the Group’s interim and annual
                              reporting dates.

                              Valuations were based on market comparison approach assuming sale of each of these
                              properties in its existing state with the benefit of vacant possession. By making reference
                              to sales transactions as available in the relevant market, comparable properties in close
                              proximity have been selected and adjustments have been made to account for the
                              difference in factors such as property size.



120   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are evaluated and based on
    historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
    under the circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting
    accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions
    that may have a significant effect on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year
    are discussed below.

    (a)    Capitalisation and expensing of internal development costs

           The Group capitalises costs incurred on development projects relating to the upgrade of the internet
           platform as intangible assets when recognition criteria are met. Significant judgement is involved in
           assessing whether the criteria set out in the accounting standards required for capitalisation of such
           costs have been met, including the likelihood of the project delivering sufficient future economic
           benefits, and whether costs, including employment costs, were directly attributable to relevant projects.
           Notwithstanding that the Group has used all available information to make this estimation and
           judgement, inherent uncertainty exists and the capitalised costs may have to be expensed if there are
           significant changes from previous estimates.

    (b)    Tax provisions

           The Group is subject to turnover and income taxes in the PRC and Hong Kong. Significant judgement
           is required in determining the tax provision. There are certain transactions and calculations for which
           the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. At the end of each
           reporting period, the Group reassess the provision for turnover and income taxes based on the reported
           financial results and the estimates of whether additional taxes will be due or any taxes are over or under
           provided. However where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the provision amounts
           that were initially recorded by the Group, such difference will impact the provision in the year in which
           such determination is made.

    (c)    Impairment of financial asset

           The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
           loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
           impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward
           looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are
           disclosed in the tables in Note 3.




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                    121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      5    SEGMENT INFORMATION

           (a)   Description of segments and principal activities

                 The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) of the Group has been identified as the executive directors
                 of the Company who are responsible for reviewing the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess
                 performance and allocate resources. Management has determined the operating segments based on
                 these reports. The Group is organised into three business segments: internet community and related
                 businesses, property investment and other investment and manufacture and sales of accessories.

                 The directors of the Company assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure
                 of segment results. Certain corporate expenses, other income and finance costs are not included in the
                 results for each operating segment.

           (b)   Segment profit/(loss)

                 The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                 income for the year ended 31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                        Internet        Property
                                                                   community and investment and     Manufacture
                                                                         related           other    and sales of
                                                                      businesses     investment      accessories   Consolidated
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

                 Revenue                                                 425,834               –         73,585        499,419
                  Timing of revenue recognition
                     At a point                                           42,113               –         73,585        115,698
                     Over time                                           383,721               –              –        383,721
                 Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI
                  (2017: Dividend income from
                  available-for-sale financial assets) (Note 26)               –              51               –             51
                 Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                 –           1,434               –          1,434
                 Net change in fair value of financial
                  assets at FVPL (Note 15)                                     –          (7,361)              –         (7,361)


                                                                         425,834          (5,876)        73,585        493,543


                 Segment profit/(loss)                                   153,996          (6,902)          6,558       153,652


                 Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                          (7,436)
                 Unallocated other (losses)/gains                                                                            (8)
                 Unallocated finance costs-net                                                                              (91)


                 Profit before income tax                                                                              146,117


                 Depreciation                                             15,434               1            771          16,206
                 Amortisation                                              4,372               –             85           4,457


122   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

    (b)   Segment profit/(loss) (continued)

          The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
          income for the year ended 31 December 2017 are as follows:

                                                                      Internet        Property
                                                                 community and investment and    Manufacture
                                                                       related           other   and sales of
                                                                    businesses     investment     accessories   Consolidated
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

          Revenue                                                      193,008           2,032        66,710        261,750
            Timing of revenue recognition
              At a point                                                     –           2,032        66,710         68,742
              Over time                                                193,008               –             –        193,008
          Dividend income from available-for-sale financial
            assets (Note 26)                                                 –             58               –             58
          Interest income on financial assets at
            amortised cost (Note 26)                                         –           1,830              –          1,830
          Net change in fair value of financial
            assets at FVPL (Note 15)                                         –          10,791              –         10,791


                                                                       193,008          14,711        66,710        274,429


          Segment profit/(loss)                                        124,922          13,507          2,985       141,414


          Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                             (10,838)
          Unallocated other income                                                                                        91
          Unallocated finance costs-net                                                                               (6,783)


          Profit before income tax                                                                                  123,884


          Depreciation                                                  13,645               –          1,234         14,879
          Amortisation                                                   3,678               –            261          3,939




                                                              HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018               123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

           (c)   Segment assets and liabilities

                 Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                          Internet         Property
                                                       community        investment       Manufacture
                                                       and related        and other      and sales of
                                                        businesses      investment        accessories   Consolidated
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

                 ASSETS
                 Segment assets                            147,831           16,389           17,555        181,775


                 Unallocated other receivables
                   and prepayments                                                                             2,774
                 Deferred tax assets                                                                          20,195
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,227,239


                 Consolidated total assets                                                                 1,431,983


                 LIABILITIES
                 Segment liabilities                       271,862                 –          12,616        284,478


                 Unallocated other payables                                                                    3,577
                 Unallocated borrowings                                                                       52,632
                 Current income tax liabilities                                                               44,998
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      3,657


                 Consolidated total liabilities                                                             389,342




124   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

    (c)   Segment assets and liabilities (continued)

          Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2017 are as follows:

                                                    Internet          Property
                                                 community         investment     Manufacture
                                                 and related        and other     and sales of
                                                  businesses       investment      accessories   Consolidated
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

          ASSETS
          Segment assets                            210,837           69,287           20,801        300,925


          Unallocated property, plant and
             equipment                                                                                     1
          Unallocated other receivables and
          prepayments                                                                                  2,902
          Deferred tax assets                                                                            771
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  901,165


          Consolidated total assets                                                                1,205,764


          LIABILITIES
          Segment liabilities                       209,607                 –          24,530        234,137


          Unallocated other payables                                                                   2,945
          Unallocated borrowings                                                                      50,000
          Current income tax liabilities                                                              34,076
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     3,551


          Consolidated total liabilities                                                             324,709




                                                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018             125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

           (c)   Segment assets and liabilities (continued)

                 For the purpose of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

                 •     all assets are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain property, plant
                       and equipment, certain other receivables and prepayments, deferred tax assets and cash and cash
                       equivalents; and

                 •     all liabilities are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain other payables,
                       certain borrowings, current income tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities.

           (d)   Geographical information

                 The Group’s operations are located in the PRC and Hong Kong for the years ended 31 December 2018
                 and 2017.

                 Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the location at
                 which the goods or services are delivered or provided.

                 The Group’s total revenue from sales of goods and provision of services by geographical location is
                 detailed below:

                                                                                     Year ended 31         Year ended 31
                                                                                    December 2018         December 2017
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

                 PRC                                                                        434,587               202,250
                 Europe                                                                      23,780                23,532
                 Hong Kong                                                                   31,533                24,481
                 Others                                                                       9,519                11,487


                                                                                            499,419               261,750

                 The Group’s total revenue by category is detailed below:

                                                                                     Year ended 31         Year ended 31
                                                                                    December 2018         December 2017
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

                 Net basis
                   – Provision of internet community services                               383,721               193,008
                 Gross basis
                   – Sales of goods                                                         115,698                 66,710
                   – Dividend income                                                              –                  2,032


                                                                                            499,419               261,750



126   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (CONTINUED)

5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

    (d)   Geographical information (continued)

          The Group’s non-current assets excluding available-for-sale financial assets and deferred tax assets by
          geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                              31 December          31 December
                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

          PRC                                                                         36,511             50,090
          Hong Kong                                                                    1,616              1,545


                                                                                      38,127             51,635


    (e)   Liabilities related to contracts with customers

                                                                              31 December          31 December
                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

          Contract liabilities - Internet community
            and related businesses                                                    51,323                   –


          Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

          The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to
          carried-forward contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied
          in a prior year.

                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                         2018
                                                                                                      RMB’000

          Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the
            beginning of the period
            –Internet community and related businesses                                                    5,163


          Unsatisfied performance obligations

          For the Group, they are rendered in short period of time, which is generally less than a year, and the
          Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for
          these type of contracts.




                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                         Furniture,
                                                            Leasehold    Plant and    fixtures and      Network       Motor
                                              Buildings improvements     machinery      equipment     equipment      vehicles     Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

           Year ended 31 December 2017
           Opening net book amount                 372            501          97              845        33,446         832      36,093
           Additions                                 –            182         276              334         4,819         800       6,411
           Currency translation differences          –             (9)          –              (27)            –         (68)       (104)
           Disposals                                 –           (155)          –              (19)            –           –        (174)
           Depreciation (Note 24)                 (298)          (210)        (63)            (347)      (13,573)       (411)    (14,902)


           Closing net book amount                  74           309          310              786       24,692        1,153     27,324


           At 31 December 2017
           Cost                                  6,113          1,508        3,451           2,931        45,296       2,387      61,686
           Accumulated depreciation             (6,039)        (1,199)      (3,141)         (2,145)      (20,604)     (1,234)    (34,362)


           Net book amount                          74           309          310              786       24,692        1,153     27,324


           Year ended 31 December 2018
           Opening net book amount                  74           309          310              786       24,692        1,153      27,324
           Additions                                 –            39            –            1,553        2,597            –       4,189
           Currency translation differences          –             7           22               11            1           39          80
           Disposals                                 –             –            –               (3)           –            –          (3)
           Depreciation (Note 24)                  (74)          (83)         (76)            (417)     (15,160)        (396)    (16,206)


           Closing net book amount                   –           272          256            1,930       12,130          796     15,384


           At 31 December 2018
           Cost                                  6,113          1,571        6,569           4,526       47,894        2,500      69,173
           Accumulated depreciation             (6,113)        (1,299)      (6,313)         (2,596)     (35,764)      (1,704)    (53,789)


           Net book amount                           –           272          256            1,930       12,130          796     15,384




128   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

    Depreciation charge of the Group was included in the following categories in the consolidated statement of
    comprehensive income:

                                                                               Year ended              Year ended
                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2018                    2017
                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Cost of sales                                                                      8,300                6,021
    Other expense                                                                      6,860                    –
    Administrative expenses                                                              959                8,873
    Selling and marketing expenses                                                        87                    8


                                                                                     16,206                14,902


    Motor vehicles include the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under a finance lease:

                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2018                    2017
                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Cost – capitalised finance leases                                                  1,559                1,481
    Accumulated depreciation                                                            (810)                (474)


    Net book amount                                                                      749                1,007


    The Group leases motor vehicles under non-cancellable finance lease agreements. The lease terms are between
    2 and 5 years, and ownership of the assets lie within the Group (refer to Note 20 for further details).




                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      7    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                          Acquired       Capitalised
                                                           internet    development
                                                          platform             costs          Patent            Total
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

           Year ended 31 December 2017
           Opening net book amount                              977            5,145                 –           6,122
           Additions                                          1,123            4,876                 –           5,999
           Amortisation charge (Note 24)                       (562)          (3,116)                –          (3,678)


           Closing net book amount                            1,538            6,905                 –           8,443


           At 31 December 2017
           Cost                                               2,240           10,610                 –          12,850
           Accumulated amortisation                            (702)          (3,705)                –          (4,407)


           Net book amount                                    1,538            6,905                 –           8,443


           Year ended 31 December 2018
           Opening net book amount                            1,538            6,905                –            8,443
           Additions                                             38                –            2,668            2,706
           Amortisation charge (Note 24)                       (765)          (3,537)             (70)          (4,372)


           Closing net book amount                              811            3,368            2,598            6,777


           At 31 December 2018
           Cost                                               2,278           10,610            2,668           15,556
           Accumulated amortisation                          (1,467)          (7,242)             (70)          (8,779)


           Net book amount                                      811            3,368            2,598            6,777


           Amortisation of approximately RMB4,302,000 and RMB70,000 were included in “cost of sales” and
           “administrative expenses” (2017: approximately RMB3,678,000 was included in “cost of sales”) respectively in
           the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 24).




130   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

8   LAND USE RIGHTS

                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Opening net book amount                                                                  85                  346
    Amortisation (Note 24)                                                                  (85)                (261)


    Closing net book amount                                                                   –                   85


    The land is outside Hong Kong and held on leases of 25 years.

    Amortisation of approximately RMB85,000 (2017: approximately RMB261,000) was included in the
    “administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 24).

9   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Opening balance at 1 January                                                        15,600               15,400
    Net gain from fair value adjustment (Note 28)                                          200                  200


    Closing balance at 31 December                                                      15,800               15,600


    Unrealised gain on properties revaluation included in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income
     (included in “other gains/(losses) – net” (Note 28)                                   200                   200


    The fair value of the Group’s investment properties has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out
    by Asset Appraisal Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer. For further details refer to Note
    3.3(b).




                                                    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      9    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)

           (a)   The following amounts have been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
                 income:

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

                 Rental income                                                                      –                    –
                 Direct operating expenses from property that did not
                   generate rental income                                                        (215)                (639)


                 As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, no investment properties were pledged as collateral for the Group’s
                 borrowings.

                 As of 31 December 2018 and 2017, investment properties held by certain subsidiaries located in the
                 PRC were with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the
                 investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax
                 relating to the temporary differences of these investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases
                 that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of these investment properties.

      10   INVENTORIES

                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

           Raw materials                                                                       1,561                   573
           Work in progress                                                                      666                   485
           Finished goods                                                                     40,892                 3,558


                                                                                              43,119                 4,616


           (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                 Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2018 amounted to
                 approximately RMB92,279,000 (year ended 31 December 2017: approximately RMB39,291,000). These
                 were included in cost of sales.

                 Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value amounted to approximately RMB4,903,000 (year
                 ended 31 December 2017: approximately RMB12,000). These were recognised as an expense during
                 the year ended 31 December 2018 and included in ‘cost of sales in the consolidated statement of
                 comprehensive income.

                 The Company did not reverse any previous inventory write-down during the year ended 31 December
                 2018.


132   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

11   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

     The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                             2018         2017
                                                                         Notes            RMB’000      RMB’000

     Financial assets
     Financial assets at amortised cost
       (2017: Loan and receivables)
       Trade receivables                                                   13                65,019    177,612
       Other receivables*                                                  14                26,420     12,161
       Cash and cash equivalents                                           16             1,227,239    901,165
     Financial assets at FVOCI (2017: Available-for-sale
       financial assets)
       Investment in unlisted unit trusts                                  12                  589         645
     Financial assets at FVPL
       Equity investments in listed companies                              15                     –     53,042


                                                                                          1,319,267   1,144,625


     Financial liabilities
     Liabilities at amortised cost
       Borrowings                                                          19               52,632      50,000
       Trade payables                                                      22               24,665      65,661
       Other payables**                                                    23              197,058     138,526
       Obligations under finance lease                                     20                  485         833


                                                                                           274,840     255,020

     *
           Excluding prepayments and deductible input value-added tax.
     **
           Excluding accrued expenses, provisions for other taxes and advance receipts.




                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018         133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      12   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
           (FVOCI)

                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

           Unlisted unit trusts                                                                       589                    –


           Unlisted unit trusts represent investment in funds in the United States. The unlisted unit trust where the
           contractual cash flows are solely principal and interest and the objective of the Group’s business model is
           achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.

           (a)    Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income

                  During the year, the following losses were recognised in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                   2018                 2017
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                  losses recognised in other comprehensive income
                    (see Note 18(a)); 2017 relating to available-for-sale
                    financial assets, see (b) below)                                                  (86)                 (19)
                  Currency translation difference relate to the debt
                    investment recognised in other comprehensive income
                    (see Note 18(a))                                                                   30                  (46)


           (b)    Financial assets previously classified as available-for-sale financial assets (2017)

                  Available-for-sale financial assets included the following classes of financial assets:

                                                                                                   2018                 2017
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

                  Unlisted unit trusts                                                                  –                 645


                  Investments were designated as available-for-sale financial assets if they did not have fixed maturities and
                  fixed or determinable payments, and management intended to hold them for the medium to long-term.
                  Financial assets that were not classified into any of the other categories (at FVPL, loans and receivables or
                  held-to-maturity investments) were also included in the available-for-sale category.




134   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

13   TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                 31 December          31 December
                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

     Trade receivables – gross
     – Third parties                                                                    72,953             178,885
     Less: allowance for doubtful debts                                                 (7,934)             (1,273)


     Trade receivables – net                                                            65,019             177,612


     (a)    Trade receivables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                 31 December          31 December
                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

            – RMB                                                                       64,600             168,302
            – US$                                                                        8,311              10,372
            – EUR                                                                            –                 182
            – HK$                                                                           42                  29


                                                                                        72,953             178,885


            Trade receivables mainly arose from manufacture and sales of accessories and internet platform services.
            The Group allows an average credit period ranging from 60 to 180 days to its trade customers. The
            following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables net of allowances for doubtful debts, based on the
            invoice date which approximates the revenue recognition date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                 31 December          31 December
                                                                                        2018                 2017
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

            Within 60 days                                                              23,207             171,397
            61 days to 180 days                                                         31,001               6,068
            Over 181 days                                                               10,811                 147


                                                                                        65,019             177,612




                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      13   TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)

           (b)   Fair values of trade receivables

                 Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be the
                 same as their fair value.

           (c)   Impairment and risk exposure

                 Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk, foreign
                 currency risk and interest rate risk can be found in Note 3.1.

      14   OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                                                    31 December           31 December
                                                                                           2018                  2017
                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

           Amounts due from related parties (Note 34(d))                                   15,698                2,549
           Other receivables                                                               10,722                9,612
           Prepayments                                                                      8,536                1,125
           Deductible input value-added tax                                                 2,905                3,175


                                                                                           37,861               16,461
           Less non-current portion: prepayments (a)                                         (166)                (183)


           Current portion                                                                 37,695               16,278


           (a)   Non-current portion of prepayments represents the prepayments for the purchase of intangible
                 assets.




136   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

14   OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (continued)

     (b)   Other receivables and prepayments are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

           – RMB                                                                        34,832               13,297
           – HK$                                                                         2,946                3,094
           – EUR                                                                            47                   42
           – US$                                                                            36                   28


                                                                                        37,861               16,461


     (c)   Fair values of other financial assets at amortised cost

           The other receivables and prepayments excluding prepayments and deductible input value-added tax
           are the financial assets at amortised cost. Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their
           carrying amount is considered to be the same as their fair value.

     (d)   Impairment and risk exposure

           For prepayment and deductible input value-added tax. The Group’s policy on loss allowance for other
           receivables and prepayments is based on the evaluation of collectability, ageing of accounts and on
           management’s judgement rely on past collection history of each customer.

           For the other financial assets at amortised cost included in “Other receivables and prepayments”, the
           Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign currency risk can be found in Note 3.1.




                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      15   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                          31 December            31 December
                                                                                                 2018                   2017
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

           Held-for-trading investments                                                                 –              53,042


           As at 31 December 2017, held-for-trading investments represented the Group’s equity investments in certain
           Hong Kong listed companies, which were quoted in the Stock Exchange.

           The fair value of all equity securities is based on their current bid prices in an active market and the fair values
           are within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 3.3).

           (i)    Amounts recognised in profit or loss

                  During the year, the following (losses)/gains were recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive
                  income:

                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

                  Fair value (losses)/gains on equity investments at FVPL
                    recognised in net change in fair value of financial assets
                    at fair value through profit or loss                                          (7,361)              10,791


                  For the year of 2018, the Group has sold the held-for-trading equity investment, and received
                  RMB48,150,000.

           (ii)   Previous accounting policy: Classification of financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss

                  In 2017, the Group classified financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if they were acquired
                  principally for the purpose of selling in the short term, ie are held for trading. They were presented as
                  current assets if they are expected to be sold within 12 months after the end of the reporting period;
                  otherwise they were presented as non-current assets.




138   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

16   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Cash at bank and in hand:
     – HK$                                                                     67,347         662,133
     – RMB                                                                    484,677         234,960
     – US$                                                                    675,201           3,966
     – Other currencies                                                            14             106


                                                                            1,227,239         901,165


17   SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

     Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

                                                            Number of          Share            Share
                                               Note    ordinary shares        capital        premium
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000

     At 1 January 2017                                 74,599,533,447         150,151       4,452,855
     Issue of new shares upon exercise
        of Bonus Warrants                      18(b)       12,135,640             21            2,085


     At 31 December 2017 and 2018                      74,611,669,087         150,172       4,454,940




                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      18   OTHER RESERVES

                                                                     Investment     Financial                                                   Enterprise
                                                       Warrants      revaluation    assets at    Special   Translation    Statutory   Reserve   expansion
                                                        reserve          reserve       FVOCI     reserve       reserve      reserve      fund      reserve     Total
                                               Notes   RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                          (b), (c)

           Balance at 1 January 2017                        (459)           (149)          –     18,888        24,618        1,286      1,153       1,152     46,489
           Fair value changes of available-
               for-sale financial assets        (a)             –            (19)          –           –           (46)           –         –            –       (65)
           Currency translation difference      (a)             –              –           –           –       (47,134)           –         –            –   (47,134)
           Issue of new shares upon
               exercise of Bonus Warrants       (b)             4              –           –           –             –           –          –            –         4
           Transfer to statutory reserves       (d)             –              –           –           –             –       9,593          –            –     9,593
           Transfer to accumulated losses
               upon expiry of bonus
               warrants                                      287               –           –           –            60            –         –           –        347

           Balance at 31 December 2017                       (168)          (168)          –     18,888        (22,502)     10,879      1,153       1,152      9,234

           Reclassification on adoption
              of HKFRS 9                                        –           168         (168)         –              –           –          –           –          –
           Balance at 1 January 2018                         (168)            –         (168)    18,888        (22,502)     10,879      1,153       1,152      9,234

           Balance at 1 January 2018                        (168)              –        (168)    18,888       (22,502)      10,879      1,153       1,152      9,234
           Changes in the fair value of debt
               instruments at FVOCI             (a)             –              –         (86)          –           30            –          –            –       (56)
           Currency translation difference      (a)             –              –           –           –       36,386            –          –            –    36,386
           Transfer to statutory reserves       (d)             –              –           –           –            –       18,034          –            –    18,034

           Balance at 31 December 2018                      (168)              –        (254)    18,888        13,914       28,913      1,153       1,152     63,598




140   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

18   OTHER RESERVES (continued)

     (a)   Other comprehensive income

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                       Other reserves
                                                                       attributable to            Non-     Total other
                                                                        owners of the      controlling comprehensive
                                                                             Company          interests        income
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

           Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
              loss:
           Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at FVOCI                 (56)                –              (56)


                                                                                  (56)                –              (56)


           Currency translation difference                                    36,386                  –           36,386


                                                                              36,386                  –           36,386


           Total other comprehensive income – net of tax                      36,330                  –           36,330


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                        Other reserves
                                                                        attributable to             Non-      Total other
                                                                        owners of the         controlling  comprehensive
                                                                              Company           Interests        income
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

           Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
              loss:
           Fair value changes of available-for-sale financial assets              (65)                –              (65)


                                                                                 (65)                 –              (65)


           Currency translation difference                                    (47,134)                –          (47,134)


                                                                             (47,134)                 –          (47,134)


           Total other comprehensive income – net of tax                      (47,199)                –          (47,199)




                                                       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      18   OTHER RESERVES (continued)

           (b)   Bonus Warrants

                                                                                         Number of               Warrants
                                                                                     Bonus Warrants              reserves
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2017                                                      1,026,259,087                 (291)
                 Issue of new shares upon exercise of Bonus Warrants                      (12,135,640)                   4
                 Expire on 23 February 2017                                            (1,014,123,447)                 287


                 At 31 December 2017 and 2018                                                         –                   –


           (c)   New Warrants

                                                                                          Number of              Warrants
                                                                                       New Warrants              reserves
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                 At 31 December 2018 and 2017                                           6,417,899,910                 (168)


                 As at 31 December 2018, each New Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe in cash for one new
                 ordinary share of the Company at an initial exercise price of HK$0.0061 per share, subject to antidilutive
                 adjustments. The initial exercise price of the New Warrants was adjusted from HK$0.0061 per share
                 to HK$0.0122 per consolidated share as a result of the Share Consolidation on 27 October 2015. It is
                 exercisable at any time during a period of five years commencing from 26 October 2015 to 25 October
                 2020. The new ordinary shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the
                 Company. Transaction costs of approximately HK$208,000 were recognised in equity as “warrants
                 reserves”. The Group has changed its presentation currency from HK$ to RMB, the transaction cost has
                 been restated to approximately RMB168,000.

           (d)   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and the provision of the articles of association
                 of the Group’s subsidiaries, the Group’s subsidiaries which are registered in the PRC shall appropriate
                 certain percentage of profit after tax (after offsetting any accumulated losses brought forward from prior
                 years) calculated under the accounting principles generally applicable to the PRC enterprises to reserve
                 funds. Depending on the natures, the reserve fund can be used to set off accumulated losses of the
                 subsidiaries or distribute to owners in form of bonus issue.




142   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

19   BORROWINGS

                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2018              2017
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Borrowings included in non-current liabilities:
       Other borrowings – unsecured                                                      52,632        50,000


     The unsecured other borrowings denominated in HK$ and granted from independent third parties carry fixed
     interest rate at 5% per annum.

     The maturity of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the year are as follows:

                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2018              2017
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     2 – 5 years                                                                         52,632        50,000


     The fair value of the non-current borrowings approximated their carrying amounts.

     The effective interest rates were 5% as at 31 December 2018 (5% as at 31 December 2017).




                                                       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018      143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      20   OBLIGATIONS UNDER FINANCE LEASES

           As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group leased motor vehicles under finance leases with lease terms
           ranging from 2 to 5 years. Interest rates underlying all obligations under finance leases are fixed at respective
           contract dates ranging from 1.33% to 2.75% per annum. These leases have no terms of renewal or purchase
           options and escalation clauses.

                                                                                                Present value of
                                                          Minimum lease payments            minimum lease payments
                                                         31 December   31 December         31 December    31 December
                                                                2018          2017                2018           2017
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000

           Amounts payable under finance leases:
            – Within one year                                      380              395               370                372
            – 1 – 2 years                                           88              361                86                352
            – 2 – 5 years                                           30              112                29                109


                                                                   498              868               485                833
           Less: future finance charges                            (13)             (35)                –                  –


           Present value of lease obligations                      485              833               485                833


           Less: amount due for settlement
                  within one year                                                                    (370)               (372)


           Amount due for settlement after one year                                                   115                461


           The Group’s obligations under the finance leases are secured by the lessor’s charge over the leased assets.

      21   DEFERRED INCOME TAX

                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

           Deferred tax assets (a)
            – Deferred tax asset to be recovered over 12 months                                 3,969                    771
            – Deferred tax asset to be recovered within 12 months                              16,226                      –

           Deferred tax liabilities to be recovered over 12 months (b)                          (3,657)              (3,551)


           Deferred tax asset/(liabilities), net                                               16,538                (2,780)




144   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (CONTINUED)

21   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (continued)

     (a)   Deferred tax assets

                                                                                         31 December              31 December
                                                                                                2018                     2017
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000

           The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
             – Tax losses of the subsidiaries in the PRC                                          16,226                   –
             – Loss allowance for trade receivables                                                1,755                   –
             – Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     991                 771
             – Write-down of inventories                                                           1,215                   –
             – Others                                                                                  8                   –


                                                                                                  20,195                 771


                                                  Loss allowance     Amortisation
                                                        for trade    of intangible     Write-down
           Movement                    Tax losses     receivables           assets   of inventories      Others          Total
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 1 January 2017              1,819                –              497                –            –          2,316
           Recognised in income tax
             credit                       (1,819)              –              274                –            –         (1,545)


           At 31 December 2017                 –               –              771                –            –           771


                                                 Loss allowance     Amortisation
                                                      for trade     of intangible   Write-down
           Movement                   Tax losses   receivables             assets of inventories        Others          Total
                                       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 1 January 2018                   –               –              771                –            –           771
           Recognised in income tax
             credit                      16,226            1,755              220            1,215           8          19,424


           At 31 December 2018           16,226            1,755              991            1,215           8          20,195




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                          145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      21   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (continued)

           (b)   Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

                 The balance comprises temporary differences
                   attributable to:
                 Revaluation of investment properties                                          (3,657)              (3,551)


                                                                                                               Revaluation
                                                                                                             of investment
                 Movement                                                                                        properties
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2017                                                                                  (3,371)
                 Recognised in income tax credit                                                                      (180)


                 At 31 December 2017                                                                                (3,551)


                                                                                                             Revaluation
                                                                                                           of investment
                 Movement                                                                                      properties
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2018                                                                                  (3,551)
                 Recognised in income tax credit                                                                      (106)


                 At 31 December 2018                                                                                (3,657)


                 Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation
                 of the related benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred
                 tax assets of approximately RMB637,092,000 (31 December 2017: approximately RMB602,490,000)
                 in respect of tax losses amounting to RMB3,690,308,000 (31 December 2017: RMB3,802,790,000)
                 in certain subsidiaries as the future profit streams of these subsidiaries are uncertain. Tax losses of
                 approximately RMB16,735,000 (31 December 2017: approximately RMB14,407,000) arising from the
                 PRC subsidiaries will expire in various dates up to 2023 (31 December 2017: 2022). Other tax losses may
                 be carried forward indefinitely.

                 Deferred income tax liabilities of RMB12,518,000 (31 December 2017: RMB5,035,000) have not
                 been recognised for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted
                 earnings of certain subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted earnings totaled
                 RMB250,363,000 at 31 December 2018 (31 December 2017: RMB100,693,000).


146   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (CONTINUED)

22   TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

     Trade payables                                                                     24,665            65,661

     Trade payables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

     – RMB                                                                              24,521            64,153
     – HK$                                                                                  91             1,235
     – US$                                                                                  53               273


                                                                                        24,665            65,661

     The ageing analysis of trade payables of the Group based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

     Within 60 days                                                                     16,123            62,822
     61 days to 150 days                                                                 7,068             2,371
     Over 150 days                                                                       1,474               468


                                                                                        24,665            65,661

     The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days. The Group has financial risk management policies
     in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit timeframe.




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018              147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      23   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000

           Other payables (i)                                                                    196,537               136,790
           Accrued expenses                                                                       12,856                10,851
           Provisions for other taxes                                                              1,668                16,048
           Advance receipts                                                                            –                 5,163
           Amount due to related parties (Note 34(d))                                                521                 1,736


                                                                                                 211,582               170,588


           (i)     Majority of other payables represented the proceeds received by the Group on behalf of the household products
                   suppliers and building furnishing materials suppliers.


           Other payables and accruals were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000

           – RMB                                                                                 207,906               165,127
           – HK$                                                                                   3,632                 4,977
           – US$                                                                                      44                   484


                                                                                                 211,582               170,588




148   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

24   EXPENSES BY NATURE

     Major expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs, administrative expenses and other expense
     are analysed as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

     Cost of inventories sold                                                           87,376                41,558
     Staff costs (Note 25, Note a)                                                     172,877                61,616
     Rental expense                                                                     16,126                     –
     Depreciation (Note 6)                                                              16,206                14,902
     Materials used in research and development activities (Note a)                      8,132                     –
     Advertising and promotion costs                                                     9,316                 6,468
     Traveling expense                                                                   6,777                 1,379
     Legal and professional fees                                                         2,400                 3,337
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                  –                     –
       – Audit services (b)                                                              2,500                 2,380
       – Non-audit services                                                                900                 1,011
     Amortisation of land use rights (Note 8)                                               85                   261
     Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 7)                                          4,372                 3,678
     Reversal of provisions and other payables (c)                                      (6,976)              (10,755)
     Write-down of inventories                                                           4,903                    12


     (a)   The Group has incurred development cost of about RMB53,727,000 in relation to the development
           of a smart community system. Management has expensed all these development costs since they
           considered that the system development work would not generate probable future benefits to the Group.
           Therefore management considered the development costs did not meet the conditions of capitalisation.
           The development cost included staff cost of approximately RMB45,595,000 and materials cost of
           approximately RMB8,132,000.

     (b)   The remuneration paid and payable to the auditor of the Company amounted to approximately
           RMB2,500,000. Others were paid to other auditors for audit services rendered to the subsidiaries of the
           Company.

     (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group assessed on the provisions for other taxes and
           surcharges. Management considered provisions of approximately RMB6,976,000 (for the year ended
           31 December 2017: approximately RMB10,755,000) were not necessary and determined to reverse the
           provisions during the year.




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                  149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      25   STAFF COSTS – INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2018                 2017
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

           Wages and salaries                                                            141,861               52,817
           Pension costs – statutory pension (b)                                          12,208                4,211
           Staff welfare                                                                  13,045                2,722
           Medical benefits                                                                5,763                1,866


                                                                                         172,877               61,616


           (a)    Five highest paid individuals

                  During the year ended 31 December 2018, none of the five highest paid individuals are directors (for
                  the year ended 31 December 2017: nil). The emoluments of the remaining five (for the year ended 31
                  December 2017: five) individual employees were as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2018                 2017
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

                  Salaries and other benefits                                              10,017               7,670
                  Bonuses                                                                     929                 540
                  Retirement scheme contributions                                              99                  47


                                                                                           11,045               8,257


                  The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                          No. of employees
                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2018                 2017
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

                  HK$500,000 to HK$1,000,000                                                    1                   3
                  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                  1                   1
                  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                  1                   –
                  HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                  1                   –
                  HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                  1                   1


                                                                                                5                   5



150   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (CONTINUED)

25   STAFF COSTS – INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)

     (b)    Pensions – defined contribution plans

            Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement
            scheme administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries
            contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentage of the average employee salary as agreed by
            local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

            The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the MPF Scheme
            for all employees in Hong Kong. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory
            contribution requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income.

            Details of the retirement scheme contributions for the employees, which have been dealt with in the
            consolidated statement of comprehensive incomes of the Group, are as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

            Gross scheme contributions                                                   12,208                 4,211


26   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                   Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

     Income from network equipment usage and maintenance
       service (Note 34(b))                                                               7,123                     –
     Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost                                    –                 1,830
     Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI
       (2017: Dividend income from available-for-sale financial assets)                      51                    58
     Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                        1,434                     –
     Sundry income                                                                          845                   131


                                                                                          9,453                 2,019




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      27   OTHER EXPENSE

                                                                         Year ended     Year ended
                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                               2018           2017
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

           Cost of network equipment usage and maintenance service           (6,860)             –
           Sundry losses                                                     (1,720)             –


                                                                             (8,580)             –


      28   OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) – NET

                                                                         Year ended     Year ended
                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                               2018           2017
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

           Fair value gains on investment properties                            200            200
           Net losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment               (1)           (76)
           Sundry gains/(losses)                                                749           (425)


                                                                                948           (301)


      29   FINANCE INCOME/(COSTS) – NET

                                                                         Year ended     Year ended
                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                               2018           2017
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

           Finance costs:
             – Interests expenses on borrowings                              (2,521)        (8,014)
             – Interests expenses on obligations under finance leases           (23)           (38)


                                                                             (2,544)        (8,052)


           Finance income:
             – Interest income on saving deposits                            14,001          1,231


           Finance income/(costs) – net                                      11,457         (6,821)




152   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (CONTINUED)

30   INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                                     Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2018                   2017
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Current income tax
       – Provision for the year                                                            (45,018)             (30,573)
       – Over-provision in respect of prior years                                            4,839                1,266


     Total current tax expense                                                             (40,179)             (29,307)

     Deferred income tax                                                                   19,318                 (1,725)


     Income tax expenses                                                                   (20,861)             (31,032)

     The income tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
     using the enacted tax rate of the home country of the group entities as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2018                   2017
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Profit before income tax                                                             146,117               123,884

     Tax calculated at the tax rates applicable to profits/(losses) in the
       respective jurisdictions                                                            23,982                32,080
     Reversal of provisions and other payables not subject to tax                          (1,924)               (3,235)
     Income not subject to tax                                                               (515)                  (55)
     Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                               1,117                 1,255
     Tax losses and temporary differences for which no deferred
       income tax asset was recognised                                                       2,771                 4,358
     Over-provision in respect of prior years                                               (4,839)               (1,266)
     Effect of change in the tax rate                                                          269                     –
     Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                         –                (2,105)


                                                                                           20,861                31,032

     Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the year, based on the
     existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided
     for during the year ended 31 December 2018 (year ended 31 December 2017: nil).

     The income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the applicable
     tax rate of 25%, except for a subsidiary of the Group which is entitled to preferential tax rate applicable to
     advanced and new technology enterprises of 15% in 2018 (for the year ended 31 December 2017: 25%) on the
     estimated assessable profit for the year/period, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in
     respect thereof.

                                                      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      31   EARNINGS PER SHARE

           (a)   Basic

                 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the
                 weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2018                  2017

                 Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                      124,496               96,216

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                  (thousands)                                                             80,571,604           81,165,285

                 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents per share) for the year                  0.1545               0.1185

                 The weighted average number of ordinary shares adopted in the calculation of basic earnings per share
                 for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 have been adjusted for the impact of the bonus element
                 implicit in the discount for the new shares and the new warrants issued by the Company on 26 October
                 2015.

           (b)   Diluted

                 Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                 outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has one category
                 of dilutive potential ordinary shares: share warrants. The number of shares that would have been issued
                 assuming the exercise of the share warrants less the number of shares that could have been issued at fair
                 value (determined as the average market price per share for the year) for the same total proceeds is the
                 number of shares issued for no consideration. The resulting number of shares issued for no consideration
                 is included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares as the denominator for calculating diluted
                 earnings per share.

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2018                  2017

                 Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                      124,496               96,216

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                  (thousands)                                                             80,571,604           81,165,285
                 Adjustments for:
                  – Share warrants (thousands)                                             2,468,567              951,165

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
                  earnings per share (thousands)                                          83,040,171           82,116,450

                 Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents per share) for the year                0.1499               0.1172




154   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

32   CASH FLOW INFORMATION

     (a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                           Year ended      Year ended
                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                 2018            2017
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                           146,117         123,884

           Adjustments for:
            Depreciation (Note 6)                                              16,206          14,902
            Amortisation of land use rights (Note 8)                               85             261
            Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 7)                          4,372           3,678
            Net change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss (Note 15)                                 7,361         (10,791)
            (Net impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on
               financial assets                                                 6,661          (1,441)
            Interest income on financial assets
               at amortised cost (Note 26)                                          –          (1,830)
            Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                      (1,434)              –
            Dividend income from available-for-sale financial assets at
               FVOCI (2017: Dividend income from available-for-sale
               financial assets) (Note 26)                                        (51)            (58)
            Fair value gains on investment properties (Note 28)                  (200)           (200)
            Net losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment
               (Note 28)                                                            1              76
            Finance (income)/costs – net (Note 29)                            (11,457)          6,821

           Changes in working capital:
            Inventories                                                       (38,503)         (2,386)
            Trade receivables                                                 105,932        (153,673)
            Other receivables and prepayments                                 (21,687)         (5,376)
            Trade payables                                                    (40,996)         52,277
            Contract liabilities                                               51,323               –
            Other payables                                                     90,682          97,003


           Net cash generated from operations                                 314,412         123,147




                                                  HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018    155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      32   CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

           (b)   Non-cash investing activities
                                                                                                31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                       2018                        2017
                                                                                                    RMB’000                     RMB’000

                 Acquisition of property, plant and equipment
                   by means of finance leases                                                                    –                  651

           (c)   Net asset reconciliation

                 This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods
                 presented.
                                                                                   31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                           1,227,239                  901,165
                 Liquid investments (i)                                                                      –                   53,042
                 Obligation under finance lease – repayable within one year                               (370)                    (372)
                 Obligation under finance lease – repayable after one year                                (115)                    (461)
                 Borrowings – repayable after one year                                                 (52,632)                 (50,000)


                 Net asset                                                                           1,174,122                  903,374


                 Cash and liquid investments                                                         1,227,239                  954,207
                 Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                     (53,117)                 (50,833)


                 Net asset                                                                           1,174,122                  903,374

                 (i)     Liquid investments comprise current investments that are traded in an active market, being the Group’s
                         financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss.


                                                          Other assets              Liabilities from financial activities
                                                                                   Finance           Finance     Borrowings
                                                                    Liquid      leases due        leases due              due
                                                        Cash investments (i) within 1 year       after 1 year    after 1 year      Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

                 Net asset as at 1 January 2017       836,150            45,750         (168)           (459)        (53,571)    827,702
                 Cash flows                           113,460                 –          393               –               –     113,853
                 Acquisitions – finance leases              –                 –         (447)           (204)              –        (651)
                 Currency translation differences     (48,445)           (3,499)          26              26           3,571     (48,321)
                 Other non-cash movements                   –            10,791         (176)            176               –      10,791


                 Net asset as at 31 December 2017     901,165            53,042         (372)           (461)        (50,000)    903,374


156   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (CONTINUED)

32   CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

     (c)   Net asset reconciliation (continued)

                                                   Other assets             Liabilities from financial activities
                                                                           Finance           Finance Borrowings
                                                             Liquid     leases due        leases due              due
                                                 Cash investments (i) within 1 year after 1 year after 1 year              Total
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

           Net asset as at 1 January 2018      901,165         53,042            (372)           (461)        (50,000)    903,374
           Cash flows                          289,558        (48,150)            417               –               –     241,825
           Foreign exchange adjustments         36,516          2,469             (45)            (24)         (2,632)     36,284
           Other non-cash movements                  –         (7,361)           (370)            370               –      (7,361)


           Net asset as at 31 December 2018   1,227,239              –           (370)           (115)        (52,632)   1,174,122


33   COMMITMENTS

     (a)   Operating leases commitments

           The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                         31 December                31 December
                                                                                                2018                       2017
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000

           Not later than one year                                                               20,910                    1,488
           Later than one year but no later than five years                                      27,382                    3,988


                                                                                                 48,292                    5,476


     (b)   Capital commitments

                                                                                         31 December                31 December
                                                                                                2018                       2017
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000

           Contracted but not provided for
            – Online platform                                                                            31                3,108




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                               157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      34   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           The Group is controlled by Evergrande, which owns indirectly 54% of the Company’s shares. Mount Yandang
           owns 20% of the shares and the remaining 26% of the shares are widely held. The ultimate parent of the Group
           is Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The ultimate controlling party of the Group is
           Dr. Hui Ka Yan.

           In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, during the years ended 31 December 2018
           and 2017, the Group had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties, which are
           carried out in the normal course of the Group’s business:

           (a)    Name and relationship with related parties

                  Name                                                             Relationship

                  Mascotte Investments Limited                                     A company in which a key management
                                                                                   personnel of the Group has controlling
                                                                                   interest
                  Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.      A subsidiary of Evergrande
                    (“恆大互聯網金融服務（深圳）有限公司”)
                  Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                              A subsidiary of Evergrande
                    (“廣州市佳穗置業有限公司”)
                  Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.               A subsidiary of Evergrande
                    (“恆大智慧科技（深圳）有限公司”)

           (b)    Transactions with related parties

                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                          31 December            31 December
                                                                                                 2018                   2017
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

                  (i) Rental expenses:

                     Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                           2,083                1,736
                     Mascotte Investments Limited                                                  1,210                1,200


                                                                                                   3,293                2,936


                  (ii) Revenue from network equipment usage and
                       maintenance service:

                     Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                   7,123                     –




158   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

34   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

     (c)   Key management compensation

                                                                                        Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                              2018              2017
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

           Key management compensation
             – Salaries and other employee benefits                                          5,211              5,501


     (d)   Balances with related parties

           As at 31 December 2018, the Group had the following significant balances with related parties:

                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                              2018              2017
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

           Due from related parties:
            – A key management personnel (i)                                                 2,682              2,549
            – Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                    8,280                  –
            – Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                             4,736                  –


                                                                                            15,698              2,549


                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                              2018              2017
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

           Due to related parties:
            – Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd. (ii)                                         521              1,736


           (i)    Amounts due from a key management personnel were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


           (ii)   Amounts due to related parties represented the rental fee payable.




                                                     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      35   PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITIES

           The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entities of the Company as at 31
           December 2018:

                                                                                                                                                             Proportion of
                                                                                                     Particulars of     Proportion of      Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                               Place of               Principal                       issued share    ordinary shares    ordinary shares           held by
                                               incorporation and      activities and                    capital and      directly held           held by   non-controlling
           Name                                kind of legal entity   place of operation            debt securities     by parent (%)     the Group (%)       interests (%)

           Flamm Investment Holdings Limited   Hong Kong              Provision of management                HK$1               100%              100%                   –
                                                                         services to group
                                                                         entities, Hong Kong

           Sun Mass Corporation                BVI                    Investment holding, BVI                    –              100%              100%                   –

           Sun Mass Funding Corporation        BVI                    Investment holding, BVI                    –              100%              100%                   –

           Crown Emerald Investments Limited   BVI                    Trading of investments,       HK$85,076,371                   –             100%                   –
                                                                         Hong Kong

           Mascotte Tak Ya (Dongguan)         The PRC,                Manufacture of accessories    HK$10,400,000                   –             100%                   –
             Leather Goods Manufactory Limited limited liability        for photographic,
             (“馬斯葛德雅（東莞）皮具製品                     company                electrical and
             有限公司”) (i)                                                 multimedia products,
                                                                        the PRC

           Mascotte Industrial Associates      BVI                    Investment holding, Hong                US$4                  –             100%                   –
             Group Limited                                                Kong

           Mascotte Industrial Associates      Hong Kong              Trading of accessories for             HK$2                   –             100%                   –
             (Hong Kong) Limited                                         photographic, electrical
                                                                         and multimedia product,
                                                                         Hong Kong




160   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                (CONTINUED)

35   PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)

                                                                                                                                                               Proportion of
                                                                                                       Particulars of     Proportion of      Proportion of   ordinary shares
                                           Place of                     Principal                       issued share    ordinary shares    ordinary shares           held by
                                           incorporation and            activities and                    capital and      directly held           held by   non-controlling
     Name                                  kind of legal entity         place of operation            debt securities     by parent (%)     the Group (%)       interests (%)

     Equipment (Hui Zhou) Co. Limited      The PRC, limited liability   Manufacture of accessories     US$4,180,000                   –              90%                10%
        (“馬斯葛志豪照相器材（惠州）                       company                     for photographic,
        有限公司”) (i)                                                        electrical and
                                                                          multimedia products,
                                                                          the PRC

     Mascotte Dongguan Electrical   The PRC, limited liability          Manufacture of accessories     HK$1,500,000                   –             100%                   –
       Accessories Limited (“馬斯葛（東莞） company                              for photographic,
       电子配件有限公司”) (i)                                                     electrical and
                                                                          multimedia products,
                                                                          the PRC

     Time Beyond Limited                   Hong Kong                    Loan financing, Hong Kong     HK$11,547,930                   –             100%                   –

     Begonia Limited                       Hong Kong                    Investment holding, Hong               HK$1                   –             100%                   –
                                                                            Kong



     Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services The PRC, limited liability      Internet community            US$15,000,000                   –             100%                   –
        Co., Limited.(“深圳市恒騰網絡服務 company                                    services, the PRC
        有限公司”) (i)

     Shenzhen HengTen Networks Limited The PRC, limited liability       Internet community                         –                  –             100%                   –
        (“深圳市恒騰網絡有限公司”) (i)               company                           services, the PRC

     Shenzhen HengTen Intelligence    The PRC, limited liability        Internet community             RMB1,000,000                   –             100%                   –
        Technology Co., Limited.(“深圳市恒 company                              services, the PRC
        騰智能科技有限公司”) (i)

     Shenzhen HengTen Building Materials The PRC, limited liability     Internet community service                 –                  –             100%                   –
        E-Commerce Co., Limited. (“深圳市 company                              and related business,
        恒騰材料電子商務有限公司”) (i)                                                  the PRC

     Xingluo Technology Co., Limited.      The PRC, limited liability   Internet community           RMB100,000,000                   –             100%                   –
        (“星絡科技有限公司”) (i)                      company                       services, the PRC

     (i)        The names of the companies represent management’s best efforts of translating the Chinese names of these
                companies as no English names have been registered or available.




                                                                                 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                            161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      36   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                          2018                 2017
                                                                       Note            RMB’000              RMB’000

           ASSETS
           Non-current assets
           Investments in subsidiaries                                                    78,298              74,383
           Property, plant and equipment                                                       –                   1

                                                                                          78,298              74,384

           Current assets
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                 110,515             100,662
           Other receivables                                                                  41                 254
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                     676,033             650,393

                                                                                         786,589             751,309

           Total assets                                                                  864,887             825,693

           EQUITY
           Capital and reserves attributable to owners
             of the Company
           Share capital                                                                 150,172             150,172
           Share premium                                                (a)            4,454,940           4,454,940
           Other reserves                                               (a)               21,155             (19,306)
           Accumulated losses                                           (a)           (3,817,635)         (3,813,904)

           Total equity                                                                  808,632             771,902
                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                          2018                 2017
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

           LIABILITIES
           Non-current liabilities
           Borrowings                                                                     52,632              50,000

           Current liabilities
           Other payables and accruals                                                     3,623               3,791

           Total liabilities                                                              56,255              53,791

           Total equity and liabilities                                                  864,887             825,693

           The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 21 March 2019
           and was signed on its behalf.

                                  Xu Wen                                          Huang Xiangui
                                  Director                                           Director

162   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (CONTINUED)

36   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
     (continued)

     (a)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                    Share    Warrants Contributed   Translation Accumulated
                                                 premium      reserve     surplus      Reserve        losses      Total
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

           At 1 January 2017                     4,452,855      (459)      63,481      (27,208)   (3,798,895)   689,774
           Loss for the year                             –          –           –             –      (14,662)   (14,662)
           Issue of new shares upon exercise
              of Bonus Warrants                     2,085          4            –            –             –      2,089
           Transfer to accumulated losses upon
              expiry of Bonus Warrants                   –       287            –            60         (347)          –
           Currency translation difference               –         –            –      (55,471)             –   (55,471)


           At 31 December 2017                   4,454,940      (168)      63,481      (82,619)   (3,813,904)   621,730


           At 1 January 2018                     4,454,940      (168)      63,481      (82,619)   (3,813,904)   621,730
           Loss for the year                             –          –           –             –       (3,731)    (3,731)
           Currency translation difference               –          –           –        40,461             –    40,461


           At 31 December 2018                   4,454,940      (168)      63,481      (42,158)   (3,817,635)   658,460




                                                       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                 163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

           (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments

                 The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out below:

                                                                                        Contribution to
                                                                             Fees       pension scheme                   Total
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

                 Chau Shing Yim, David                                          300                      –                   300
                 Nie Zhixin                                                     300                      –                   300
                 Chen Haiquan                                                   300                      –                   300
                 Shi Zhuomin                                                    300                      –                   300
                 Huang Xiangui                                                  180                      9                   189
                 Liu Yongzhuo                                                   180                      9                   189
                 Xu Wen                                                         180                      9                   189
                 Zhuo Yueqiang                                                    –                      –                     –


                                                                              1,740                     27                 1,767


                 The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2017 is set out below:

                                                                                         Contribution to
                                                                             Fees        pension scheme                    Total
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000                  RMB’000

                 Chau Shing Yim, David                                          300                      –                   300
                 Nie Zhixin                                                     300                      –                   300
                 Chen Haiquan                                                   300                      –                   300
                 Shi Zhuomin                                                    300                      –                   300
                 Huang Xiangui                                                  180                      9                   189
                 Liu Yongzhuo                                                   180                      7                   187
                 Xu Wen (Note (i))                                              123                      6                   129
                 Zhang Xiaohua (Note (ii))                                       57                      –                    57
                 Zhuo Yueqiang                                                    –                      –                     –


                                                                              1,740                     22                 1,762


                 (i)    Mr. Xu Wen has been appointed as an executive director and the chairman of the Board of the Company with
                        effect from 25 April 2017.


                 (ii)   Ms. Zhang Xiaohua has resigned as an executive director and the chairlady of the Board of the Company with
                        effect from 24 April 2017.




164   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      (CONTINUED)

37   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)

     (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits

           None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits or termination benefits for the year
           ended 31 December 2018 (for the year ended 31 December 2017: nil).

     (c)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

           For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for
           making available directors’ services (for the year ended 31 December 2017: nil).

     (d)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
           controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

           For the year ended 31 December 2018, there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of
           the directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (for the year ended 31 December
           2017: nil).

     (e)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

           No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
           Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
           indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




                                                   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018                   165
      FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      The summary of results, assets and liabilities of the Group for last five financial years (extracted from published audited
      financial statements) is set forth as follows.

                                                                                                              For the
                                                        For the            For the           For the        9 months            For the
                                                    year ended         year ended        year ended            ended        year ended
                                                   31 December       31 December       31 December      31 December           31 March
                                                          2018               2017              2016             2015              2015
                                                       RMB‘000           RMB‘000           RMB‘000          RMB‘000           RMB‘000
                                                                                          (Restated)       (Restated)        (Restated)

      Turnover                                           499,419          261,750           113,918            82,159           80,227

      Profit/(Loss) before tax                           146,117          123,884             4,328         (183,907)         (110,792)
      Income tax (charge)/credit                         (20,861)         (31,032)              257               77             8,470

      Profit/(Loss) for the year/period                  125,256           92,852             4,585         (183,830)         (102,322)

      Attributable to
      Owners of the company                              124,496           96,216             4,307         (183,723)         (101,791)
      Non-controlling interests                              760           (3,364)              278             (107)             (531)


                                                         125,256            92,852            4,585         (183,830)         (102,322)


      CONSOLIDATED ASSETS, EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

                                                          As at             As at              As at            As at             As at
                                                   31 December       31 December       31 December      31 December           31 March
                                                          2018              2017               2016             2015              2015
                                                       RMB‘000           RMB‘000           RMB‘000          RMB‘000           RMB‘000
                                                                                          (Restated)       (Restated)        (Restated)
      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Total assets                                     1,431,983        1,205,764           982,926          727,987            99,387
      Total liabilities                                 (389,342)        (324,709)         (149,634)        (112,876)         (121,315)

      Net assets (liabilities)                         1,042,641          881,055           833,292          615,111           (21,928)

      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                                 1,041,078          880,252           829,125          611,222           (25,924)
      Non-controlling interests                            1,563              803             4,167            3,889             3,996


                                                       1,042,641          881,055           833,292          615,111           (21,928)

      Note:   The information for year ended 31March 2015, for the nine months ended 31 December 2015 and for the year ended 31
              December 2016 set out in above five years financial summary has been restated to reclassify the performance of solar grade
              polycrystalline silicon operation as discontinued operations and has been restated due to change in presentation currency.




166   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • ANNUAL REPORT 2018
