                                                       HENG T EN NET W ORK S G ROUP LI M I T ED 恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司
HE NGT E N N E T W O RK S G RO UP L I MI TE D                                                                         HENGT EN NET WORK S GROUP LIM IT ED
恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司                                                                                                   恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司
(於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司)                                                                                                       (a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
(股份代號 : 136)                                                                                                          (Stock Code: 136)




                                                2020
                                                年報
                                                                                                                                                                                   2020
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT




                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 年報 2020
 CONTENTS




 02 | Corporate Information
 03 | Chairman’s Statement
 07 | Management Discussion and Analysis
 09 | Directors’ Report
 27 | Profile of Directors and Senior Management
 30 | Corporate Governance Report
 43 | Independent Auditor’s Report
 48 | Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 50 | Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 52 | Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 54 | Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 55 | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
122 | Five Years Financial Summary
 Corporate Information



 DIRECTORS                                                 HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                           OF BUSINESS
 Executive Directors
                                                           23rd Floor
 Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
                                                           China Evergrande Centre
 Mr. Huang Xiangui
                                                           38 Gloucester Road
 Mr. Wan Chao
                                                           Wanchai
 Mr. Chen Cong
                                                           Hong Kong

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                                 SHARE REGISTRARS
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
 Mr. Chen Haiquan                                          Bermuda
 Professor Shi Zhuomin
                                                           MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                           The Belvedere Building
                                                           69 Pitts Bay Road
 AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                           Pembroke HM08
                                                           Bermuda
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
                                                           Hong Kong
 Mr. Chen Haiquan
                                                           Tricor Secretaries Limited
                                                           Level 54, Hopewell Centre
 REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                    183 Queen’s Road East
                                                           Hong Kong
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)
 Mr. Xu Wen
 Mr. Nie Zhixin                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS

                                                           Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
 NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                      China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                           Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
 Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
 Mr. Chen Haiquan                                          AUDITOR

                                                           PricewaterhouseCoopers
 COMPANY SECRETARY                                         Certified Public Accountants

 Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy
                                                           WEBSITE ADDRESS

 REGISTERED OFFICE                                         http://www.htmimi.com

 Clarendon House
 2 Church Street                                           DATE OF REPORT
 Hamilton HM 11
 Bermuda                                                   30 March 2021




02   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Chairman’s Statement



Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the results of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company” or “HengTen Networks”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Year”).



BUSINESS REVIEW

Internet Community and Related Services
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group conducted its internet community and related services business in the
communities across China, and its turnover decreased from RMB278.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to
RMB185.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, consisting of revenue from internet home furnishing sector of
RMB104.6 million, revenue from internet materials business sector of RMB79.0 million, and revenue from other sectors of
RMB1.9 million. The costs of internet community and related services business were mainly labour costs, depreciation and
amortization costs and material procurement costs. Gross profit margin of such segment for the Year was approximately 51.7%.
After deducting distribution costs and administrative expenses of approximately RMB64.8 million, the segment recorded a profit
of approximately RMB31.1 million.

In 2020, in view of the tough and complex environment at onshore and offshore, particularly the severe impact of the COVID-19
outbreak, the Chinese government coordinated pandemic prevention and control and economic and social development by
adhering to the general keynote of seeking progress while maintaining stability. According to data from the National Bureau of
Statistics, the gross domestic product (GDP) of China exceeded RMB100 trillion for the first time in 2020, an increase of 2.3%
over the previous year. Against the current backdrop of severe pandemic situation worldwide and global economy full of
uncertainties, the Chinese economy maintained strong resilience and became a major economy in the world which achieved
positive economic growth.

The overall recovery of the Chinese economy and the favorable policies promulgated by the Chinese government provided the
Group with a sound support for development. As an Internet technology company, the Group promoted the steady development
of the internet home furnishing and internet materials business with technology empowerment, and actively explored new business
growth points. During the Year, the Company announced its acquisition of the entire issued share capital in Virtual Cinema
Entertainment Limited which subsequently completed in January 2021 (the “Pumpkin Acquisition”), following which the
Group shall fully transform into an internet technology enterprise and progress on its streaming media business.

The Internet Home Furnishing and Internet Materials Business
The internet home furnishing and internet materials business of the Group provide one-stop packaged and fully furnished services
with products covering whole-house furnishing categories including building materials, furniture, home appliances and soft
decorations, while creating its own brand for the whole-house furniture and customisation, ceramic tiles, wood flooring, bathroom
and other categories. As at 31 December 2020, the Group launched its home building materials business in more than 450
projects in over 200 cities.

Manufacture and Sales of Accessories
Turnover of this segment decreased by approximately 24.4% from RMB59.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to
RMB44.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Gross profit margin recorded for the year ended 31 December 2020
was approximately 32.2%, representing a decrease of approximately 1.6 percentage points as compared to the year ended 31
December 2019.


                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            03
 Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




 Loan Financing
 During the year ended 31 December 2020, no new loan was granted and therefore no interest income was generated from this
 segment (for the year ended 31 December 2019: nil).



 BUSINESS OUTLOOK

 Looking forward, the management of the Group believes that the Chinese government is capable of handling regular pandemic
 prevention and control. China will sustain steady economic recovery, and keep its economic operations within a reasonable
 range, so as to achieve sustainable and healthy development. The Group will adapt to the new development environment,
 implement new strategic planning, create a new growth engine, enhance the power and resilience of business development, and
 promote the sustainable and stable business development of the Group.

 Pumpkin Films Limited (“Pumpkin Films”) and Shanghai Ruyi Movie Television Production
 Co., Ltd.* (上海儒意影視製作有限公司) (“Ruyi Films”)
 Actively looking for new business growth points, the Group gives a full play of the internet platforms and the industrial chain
 ecological advantages of its two major shareholders, namely Evergrande and Tencent, to deploy its internet streaming media
 business. Through its high-quality original content and big data analysis technology, the Group strives to provide users with
 ultimate personalized viewing experience without any advertisement. In the future, with the strong support from its two major
 shareholders Evergrande and Tencent, the Group will give full play to its experience in streaming media platform operation and
 film and television content production, and seek to develop Pumpkin Films into a world-class streaming media platform with
 premium technology content, the best film viewing experience and the most subscribers, such that Pumpkin Films can become the
 signature of the boutique lifestyle.

 On 26 October 2020, the Company announced the acquisition of all equity interests in Ruyi Films and Pumpkin Films. The
 acquisition was completed on 20 January 2021. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 26 October 2020,
 a total of 18,342,793,070 warrants were issued as part of the total consideration for the Pumpkin Acquisition. Such warrants
 under each tranche are exercisable by holder thereof subject to fulfilment of the condition that the consolidated net profit after
 income tax of Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited and the variable interests entities controlled by it shall equal to or is more than
 RMB400 million, RMB500 million and RMB600 million for each of the financial years ending 31 December 2021, 2022 and
 2023, respectively.

 As a vertical subscription-only streaming media platform under HengTen Networks, Pumpkin Films provides global users with
 premium quality content and ultimate viewing experience through big data analysis and high-quality original content of Ruyi Films
 while taking excellent Chinese traditional culture as its source of inspiration.

 Since the acquisition of Pumpkin Films has been completed, the membership of Pumpkin Films has achieved tremendous growth
 through empowerment of shareholders and consolidation of ecosystem resources. As at 28 February 2021, the cumulative
 number of registered members reached 38,617,456, and the cumulative number of paying subscribers reached 8,410,443. In
 February 2021, there were 2,510,176 new registered members and 2,483,529 new paying subscribers for that month.

 The streaming media industry is currently one of the few industries benefiting from times and technology. Consumers are willing to
 pay for good stories, and long videos have the ability and advantages of telling good stories. Data shows that the compound
 annual growth rate of the online paid video market will reach 54% from 2015 to 2022. Therefore, the streaming media industry
 in China has broad development prospects.



04   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




Competitive Advantages of Pumpkin Films and Ruyi Films
Technological advantages. Pumpkin Films has developed its core competitiveness with data-driven innovation from the three
dimensions consisting of digitization of user behavior, film deconstructing and labeling and customization of content production.
For digitization of user behavior, based on the real behavior of a large number of paying users, extensive big data has been
accumulated, which is matched with the data of sorted films to understand user preferences and improve the accuracy of
recommendation. For film deconstructing and labeling, films are sorted in terms of their levels of action, romance and suspense,
as well as their plots, endings, actors, and other dimensions, enabling the recommendation system to understand films with micro
tags. For customization of content production, Pumpkin Films precisely customizes high-quality original content and purchases
copyrighted dramas in line with users’ preference based on the user data analyzed by big data.

Content advantages. With numerous high-quality original content, Ruyi Films has played a leading role in the production of more
than 50 films and television works, reserved hundreds of film and television copyrights, and won important awards such as Flying
Apsaras Awards, Golden Eagle Awards, Magnolia Awards and Huading Awards. Its iconic films include “Hi, Mom” (《你好，
李 煥 英》), “A Little Red Flower” (《送 你 一朵小紅花》), “So Young” (《致我們終將逝去的青春》) and “Animal World” (《動物
世 界》). Its signature television dramas include “All Quiet in Peking” (《北平無戰事》), “Nirvana in Fire” (《瑯琊榜》), “Legend of
MiYue” (《羋 月 傳》) and “The Legendary Tavern” (《老酒館》).

In 2021, the representative film “Hi, Mom” (《你好，李煥英》), for which Ruyi Films acted as the main producer, recorded a
box office of over RMB5.37 billion on the 47th day after its release, and has ranked second in the box office of Chinese movies
so far. The film also broke the record of exceeding the box office of RMB5 billion at the fastest pace in Chinese film history. “A
Little Red Flower” (《送 你 一 朵 小 紅 花》), a film released by Ruyi Films, recorded a cumulative box office of over RMB1.43 billion
and became the top-grossing film on New Year’s Day in 2021 in China.

Pumpkin Films owns a large amount of high-standard purchased copyrighted content, and has established long-term cooperation
with 143 renowned independent production companies around the world such as those in Hollywood. With analysis of user
data, it can screen the film and television works in line with members’ preference in a targeted manner, choose the best out of the
best purchased copyrights, and regularly select the superior and eliminate the inferior.

Talent advantages. Ruyi Films has a group of experienced and capable producers who can serve the directors well and
communicate with the main creators in a professional and meticulous manner, such that the production of films and television
dramas can be standardized and refined, which not only ensures the high quality of the production content, but also effectively
controls the cost and investment.

Shareholder advantages. The empowerment of shareholders enables the Group to gain the advantages of the industrial chain.
Leveraging on the advantages provided by resources of shareholders, the Group will strengthen collaboration with its
shareholders. In this regard, the Company will comply with the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules.

Internet Home Furnishing and Internet Materials Business
In the future, the internet home furnishing and internet materials business of the Group is expected to gradually serve over 1,300
communities and more than 12 million property owners, pursue the in-depth integration of information technology and business
management, and achieve technological empowerment in aspects such as customer acquisition, marketing, operation and
service. With the assistance of big data analysis, the Group shall seek to consolidate user profiles from multiple dimensions
including age, education and aesthetics for precise matching of customer needs. With the help of new technologies such as VR
and AR, users can “visualize thinking and connect with their sight” via online platform.




                                                                  Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                05
 Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

 There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the Group set out in this report or any of the matters set
 out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realized or are complete or accurate. Shareholders and/or potential
 investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the securities of the Company and not to place undue
 reliance on the information disclosed herein. Any holder of securities or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is
 advised to seek advice from professional advisors.



 APPRECIATION

 I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing support to the
 Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the Year.

                                                                                              By order of the Board
                                                                                       HengTen Networks Group Limited
                                                                                                   Xu Wen
                                                                                                   Chairman

 Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




06   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

The Group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB12.0 million for the year ended 31
December 2020, which decreased by approximately RMB78.1 million as compared to the profit attributable to owners of the
Company of approximately RMB90.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease in the profit attributable to
owners of the Company was mainly due to a decrease in profit in the internet community and related services business segment.
It contributed to a segment profit of approximately RMB31.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 as compared to a
segment profit of approximately RMB84.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The basic and diluted earnings per
share were RMB0.0149 fen and RMB0.0149 fen for the year ended 31 December 2020 respectively as compared to the
basic and diluted earnings per share of RMB0.1118 fen and RMB0.1118 fen for the year ended 31 December 2019
respectively.



LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES, BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO

The Group primarily financed its operations through shareholder’s equity, borrowings and cash generated from operations. During
the year ended 31 December 2020, the liquidity of the Group was closely monitored by the Board and the Group reviews its
working capital and finance requirements on a regular basis.

Liquidity
As at 31 December 2020, the Group maintained cash and bank balance of approximately RMB1,031.1 million (as at 31
December 2019: approximately RMB1,313.3 million). The decrease in cash and bank balance was mainly due to the operation
of the internet community and relevant business.

Borrowings and Gearing Ratio
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s net equity amounted to approximately RMB1,183.2 million (as at 31 December 2019:
approximately RMB1,141.6 million) with total assets amounted to approximately RMB1,273.2 million (as at 31 December
2019: approximately RMB1,537.8 million). Net current assets were approximately RMB1,156.1 million (as at 31 December
2019: approximately RMB1,103.4 million) and the current ratio was 15.8 times (as at 31 December 2019: 3.8 times).
Gearing ratio calculated on the basis of the Group’s total debts (interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities) over
shareholders’ funds was 1.4% (as at 31 December 2019: 6.5%).



COMMITMENT

As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any capital commitment (as at 31 December 2019: nil).




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           07
 Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




 CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT

 The Group had significant amount of assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) as at 31 December 2020. The
 internet community service business is mainly carried out in RMB in the PRC. Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk of
 significant fluctuation in RMB exchange rates. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group closely monitored the
 fluctuation and does not expect any material fluctuation of exchange rates in the near future, but will continue to monitor it.



 CHARGE OF ASSETS

 During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any charges on assets.



 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

 The Company and the Group did not provide corporate guarantee to its subsidiaries or other parties and did not have other
 contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020 (as at 31 December 2019: nil).



 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

 2013 Option Scheme
 The Company’s share option scheme (the “2013 Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed by the
 Shareholders on 31 October 2013. The purpose of the 2013 Option Scheme is to provide incentives to eligible participants.
 During the year ended 31 December 2020, no option had been granted and there was no outstanding share option of the
 Company as at 31 December 2020 (as at 31 December 2019: nil).



 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

 As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed approximately 292 employees. The remuneration policy of the Group is to
 reward its employees with reference to their qualifications, experience and work performance as well as to market benchmarks.
 Employee benefits include medical insurance coverage and mandatory provident fund, etc. Total staff costs for the year ended
 31 December 2020, including directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately RMB85.6 million (2019: RMB108.7 million).



 FINAL DIVIDEND

 The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 (for the year ended 31
 December 2019: nil).



 MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL

 During the Year, save for the Pumpkin Acquisition as disclosed in this Report, there was no material acquisition and disposal.



08   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries principally engage in the internet community services and
related businesses, manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, investment and trading of
securities and property investment.



BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the Group’s business during the year under review and a discussion on the Group’s future business development,
possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing and important events affecting the Company which occurred during
the Year are provided in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement”, the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”
of this annual report and note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group manages environmental and social issues that affect the Group and on which the Group can have an impact. All
activities of the Group must comply with the laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates in relation to emissions,
use of resources and environmental protection. The Group reduces the consumption of energy and other resources, reduces
wastes and protects natural resources. The Group implements separate collection and disposal of the non-hazardous wastes and
few ink boxes and toner cartridges generated during its operation process and is committed to minimizing the impacts of its
operation on the natural environment during the operation. The Group actively guides employees to implement the concept of
green environmental protection in their daily work. Based on business characteristics and relying on the carrier of the network
platform, the Group gradually delivers green environmental protection information to owners and customers in a timely manner to
help improve the public’s awareness and attention to environmental protection.

Also, the Group has actively managed and monitored risks to protect and help the business development of the Group. The
Group considered that the relationship with its customers has a relatively significant impact on the Group. The information about
the Group’s major customers, risk associated with reliance on those major customers and measures to mitigate such risk are
disclosed in note 3.1 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.



RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group during the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on pages 50 and 51
of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the Year.



SHARE CAPITAL AND WARRANTS

Details of movements in the share capital and warrants of the Company during the Year are set out in notes 16 and 17 to the
consolidated financial statements respectively.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              09
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 SHARE OPTIONS

 The Company’s 2013 share option scheme (the “2013 Option Scheme”), was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on
 31 October 2013, for the primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to participants thereunder for their contribution to
 the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are valuable
 to the Group and any invested entity and which will expire 10 years after the date of adoption. Under the 2013 Option Scheme,
 the board of directors of the Company may, at its discretion, grant options to supplier, customer, person or entity that provides
 research, development or technological support or other services to the Group or any invested entity, shareholder or any member
 of the Group or any invested entity, holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or invested entity and employee,
 including executive and non-executive directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any invested entity to subscribe for
 shares in the Company at a price of (i) the closing price of the shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Hong
 Kong Stock Exchange”) on the date of grant of the option, which must be a trading day or (ii) the average of the closing
 prices of the shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant of the
 options or (iii) the nominal value of the shares, whichever is the highest.

 The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised
 under the 2013 Option Scheme and any other schemes shall not exceed 30% of the total number of the issued share of the
 Company from time to time. The number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
 the 2013 Option Scheme shall not exceed 7,359,057,611 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in issue on
 10 June 2016, the date when the refreshment of the scheme mandate limit was approved by Shareholders.

 The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to each participant (including both exercised and
 outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of the issued share of the Company. Upon
 acceptance of option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration of the grant. An option may be
 exercised at any time during the validity period of the options.

 There is no vesting period or market or non-market performance condition for the 2013 Option Scheme. The expiry date of the
 option is 10 years after the grant.

 No share option was granted during the Year and there was no outstanding share option of the Company as at 31 December
 2020.



 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

 Details of changes in the Group’s property, plant and equipment during the Year are set out in note 6 to the consolidated
 financial statements.




10   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

The Company’s reserve was as follows:

                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2020                 2019
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

Contributed surplus                                                                              63,481                63,481
Accumulated losses                                                                           (3,824,198)           (3,812,797)


                                                                                             (3,760,717)           (3,749,316)


Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company is available for distribution.
However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus if:

(a)   the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

(b)   the realisable value of the Company would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital
      and share premium accounts.



DIRECTORS AND SERVICE CONTRACTS

The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report were as follows:

Executive Directors:
Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)

Mr. Huang Xiangui

Mr. Wan Chao (appointed with effect from 16 June 2020)

Mr. Chen Cong (appointed with effect from 20 January 2021)

Mr. Liu Yongzhuo (whose resignation took effect from 26 June 2020)

Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang (whose resignation took effect from 16 June 2020)

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David

Mr. Nie Zhixin

Mr. Chen Haiquan

Professor Shi Zhuomin


                                                                  Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            11
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 Pursuant to bye-law 87 of the Company’s Bye-laws, each of Mr. Xu Wen and Mr. Chau Shing Yim David will retire from office
 by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”) and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election at the
 forthcoming AGM.

 None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which is not
 determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

 Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and each of the independent non-executive
 Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, all for a term of three years and is subject to retirement by
 rotation and re-election in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.



 DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

 No transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
 which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisted during or
 at the end of the Year.



 DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
 SHARES AND DEBENTURES

 As at 31 December 2020, the interest and short positions of the Directors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
 debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
 Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) as required to be kept and recorded in the register maintained by the
 Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
 the Model Code for Securities Transactions by directors of the Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the
 Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as adopted by the Company,
 was as follows:

 Long positions in shares of the Company:
 Wan Chao                                Beneficial owner                                  31,400,000                         0.04


 Long positions in shares of China Evergrande Group:
                                                                                  Beneficial interest          Approximate %
 Name of Director                        Nature of interest                                in shares                of interest

 Huang Xianggui                          Beneficial owner                                    5,300,000                        0.04
 Chau Shing Yim David                    Beneficial owner                                    1,000,000                        0.01
 Xu Wen                                  Beneficial owner                                      691,935                        0.01


 Long positions in shares of Evergrande Property Services Group Limited:
 Xu Wen                                  Beneficial owner                                    1,000,000                        0.01
 Chau Shing Yim David                    Beneficial owner                                    2,121,000                        0.02



12   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors, the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and any of its
associated corporations that were required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Listing Rules.

During the Year, no individual has held the position of chief executive of the Company.



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the Year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other
body corporate, and none of the Directors, or their spouses or children under the age of eighteen, had any right to subscribe for
the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such rights during the Year.



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER
THE SFO

As at 31 December 2020, Shareholders who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
of 5% or more which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register to be
kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

Interest in the shares and underlying shares — long positions:
                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                               Deemed                                                    percentage of
                                                   Number of                   interests                                                   issued share
                                              ordinary shares             in number of                                                    capital of the
Name of shareholder                                      held                    shares                     Total Capacity                    Company

China Evergrande Group                         44,958,001,998                            0     44,958,001,998 Interest of a controlled          55.64%
                                                                                                                  corporation
Solution Key Holdings Limited (Note 1)         44,958,001,998                       0          44,958,001,998 Beneficial owner                  55.64%
Mr. Ke Liming                                               0          29,886,102,502          29,886,102,502 Interest of a controlled          36.99%
                                                                                                                  corporation
Pumpkin Films Limited (Note 3)                 29,886,102,502                            0     29,886,102,502 Beneficial owner                  36.99%
Tencent Holdings Limited                       15,608,572,363                            0     15,608,572,363 Interest of a controlled          19.32%
                                                                                                                  corporation
Water Lily Investment Limited                  15,608,572,363                            0     15,608,572,363 Beneficial owner                  19.32%
 (Note 2)

Note:

(1)     Solution Key Holdings Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group.

(2)     Water Lily Investment Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited.

(3)     Pumpkin Films Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Ke Liming.


                                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    13
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Company had not been notified by any person who had interests or
 short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of
 the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by Company under Section 336 of the SFO.



 PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SHARES

 There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the Company’s listed securities during
 the Year.



 MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

 For the Year, the percentages of the Group’s turnover attributable to its largest customer and five largest customers were 5.5%
 and 22.0% respectively. The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
 approximately 44.1% of the Group’s total purchases and the amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier was
 approximately 13.9% of the Group’s total purchases.

 None of the Directors, their associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the
 Company’s issued share capital) has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.



 MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

 No contract, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial
 part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisting during the Year.



 STRUCTURED CONTRACTS

 Background
 As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report, during
 the Year the principal businesses of the Group are internet home furnishing and internet materials. The Company carries out
 internet home furnishing and internet materials business, which involves value-added information services such as e-commerce
 business (the “Restricted Business”). Furthermore, in order to actively look for new business growth points, the Company
 announced the acquisition of all issued share capital in Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited (the “Pumpkin Acquisition”). The
 acquisition was subsequently completed in January 2021, following which the Group shall fully transform into an internet
 technology enterprise and progress on its streaming media business. As the Company is a company incorporated in Bermuda, it
 is classified as a foreign enterprise under the PRC laws, rules and regulations.

 On 11 December 2001, the State Council adopted the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunication
 Enterprises (as amended on 10 September 2008 and amended for the second time on 6 February 2016, the “FITE
 Regulations”). Article 6 of the FITE Regulations provided that foreign ownership of foreign-invested telecommunication
 enterprises operating value-added telecommunication businesses cannot exceed 50%. At the same time, Article 10 of the FITE
 Regulations further provides that foreign investors in a foreign-invested telecommunication enterprise engaging in value-added
 telecommunication businesses shall have a good business record and experience in operating value-added telecommunication
 business (the “Qualification Requirement”).


14   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




On 19 June 2015, Circular on Removing the Restrictions on Shareholding Ratio Held by Foreign Investors in Online Data
Processing and Transaction Processing (Operating E-commerce) Business (“Circular No. 196”) was issued by the PRC Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology, which allows foreign ownership in enterprises operating in certain categories of e-commerce
business to up to 100%, but the foreign shareholder shall still be subject to other conditions and requirement for foreign
investment, including the Qualification Requirement under the FITE Regulations.

We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that currently, the Group’s online data and transaction processing business can
be owned by foreign investor of up to 100% and the Group’s information services business can only be owned by foreign
investor of up to 50%, provided that in both cases, the foreign investor meets the Qualification Requirement.

As the current foreign shareholders of the WFOE (as defined below) do not meet the Qualification Requirement, irrespective of
which category the WFOE’s business is treated to be under, there may still be substantial legal impediments for the WFOE to
directly apply for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits.

As a result, the Restricted Business of the Group is carried out by Shenzhen HengTen Networks Company Limited (“OPCO”, 深
圳市恒騰網絡有限公司) under the Structured Contracts with Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services Company Limited (“WFOE”,
深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Structured Contracts are detailed below under
the paragraph headed “The Structured Contracts”.

The Company agrees that it would unwind the Structured Contracts as soon as the relevant laws and regulations allow foreign
investors to own the entire equity interest of OPCO.

We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and
regulations, including those applicable to the WFOE and OPCO.

Pursuant to an equity transfer agreement (the “OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement”) dated 27 June 2019 between Ms.
Deng Miaojing (“Ms. Deng”, OPCO’s original shareholder) and Mr. Jiang Xiaodong (“Mr. Jiang”), Ms. Deng transferred her
entire equity interest in OPCO to Mr. Jiang. Prior to entering into the OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement, OPCO was 55% owned
by Ms. Deng and 45% owned by Ms. Yu Siyu (“Ms. Yu”, together with Mr. Jiang, the “OPCO Shareholders”). After the
execution of the OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement and the completion of filing procedures of the change in shareholder on 8 July
2019, OPCO became 55% owned by Mr. Jiang and 45% by Ms. Yu.

The product of the Group’s internet services are currently in the forms of the online internet home e-commerce platform — HTmehome
and the online internet home and material one-stop e-commerce platform — HTmega e-mall. As disclosed in the sub-section
headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report, the internet home and internet material
businesses of the Group developed steadily in 2020. The Restricted Business of the Group needs to be operated by OPCO in
order to obtain registered user and traffic growth, so as to acquire core user base and platform for commencing the Group’s
business. Looking forward to the near future, in addition to promoting the growth of internet home and internet material businesses,
the Group will fully transform into an internet technology enterprise and progress on its streaming media business. As the Restricted
Business is a material component of the abovementioned major business sectors of the Group, its performance is expected to
become material to the overall performance of the Group in the future.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              15
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 OPCO conducts its business through PC websites or mobile Apps which it owns or is authorised to operate. The business which
 OPCO operates includes publishing advertisement information to internet users, online orders, online payments, activating third
 party payment and other online application services, and such types of businesses relate to the Group’s information services
 business. Furthermore, OPCO also provides platform services through its PC websites or mobile Apps allowing third party vendors
 of goods or services to set up online virtual shops, and such types of businesses relate to the Group’s online data and transaction
 processing business.

 The Group’s total revenue for the Year contributed by OPCO under the Structured Contracts amounted to approximately RMB53
 million (RMB52,980,294), representing approximately 23% of the Group’s total revenue for the Year, and the total assets of
 OPCO as at 31 December 2020 were approximately RMB398 million (RMB397,642,125), representing approximately 31%
 of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2020.

 The Structured Contracts
 The Structured Contracts are designed to enable the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the business and
 operations of OPCO together with effective control over and (to the extent permitted by PRC laws, rules and regulations) the right
 to purchase the equity interests in and/or assets of OPCO.

 (1)     Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement
         Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE and OPCO,
         among other things, WFOE agreed to provide the relevant technological support and management consultancy services,
         consultancy on procurement of software and hardware, staff training and support, development and marketing of various
         platforms, industry consultancy and product development and business partners and market information to OPCO as
         OPCO’s exclusive service provider; and is entitled to receive service fees at a range of 90% to 100% of the total monthly
         operating profit of OPCO. Except as otherwise agreed, OPCO shall not accept the same range of service provided by
         any third parties in the effective period of the agreement.

 (2)     Business Management Agreement
         Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO
         Shareholders, among other things,

         •    the OPCO Shareholders agreed to procure OPCO not to enter into any transaction which may materially affect its
              assets, business operation, human resources, right and obligations, or company management, unless with prior
              written consent from WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE;

         •    OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in
              relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day business management, financial management,
              etc.; and

         •    each of the OPCO Shareholders agreed to, upon receiving any dividend or any other earnings or income from
              OPCO as its shareholder, immediately and unconditionally pay or transfer all such earnings or income to WFOE at
              nil consideration.




16     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




(3)   Call Option Agreement
      Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders, the
      OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to, as and when permitted by
      applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO
      Shareholders for a consideration of RMB10,000, or when appraisal is required under PRC laws, rules and regulations, 1%
      of the appraisal price or at the lowest price permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations.

(4)   Equity Pledge Agreement
      Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE and the OPCO Shareholders, the OPCO
      Shareholders pledged their entire equity interests in OPCO to WFOE as security for the performance of the obligations
      under the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement and Call Option
      Agreement. The filing procedures of the equity pledge were completed on 29 July 2019.

(5)   Powers of Attorney
      Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney dated 27 June 2019 executed by each of the OPCO Shareholders, directors of WFOE
      and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to, among other things,
      exercise all rights of the OPCO Shareholders, including but not limited to the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting,
      appoint directors and other senior executives, sign minutes, file documents with the relevant companies registry, and sell,
      transfer, pledge or deal in the equity interest held by the OPCO Shareholders.

(6)   Undertakings
      Pursuant to the Undertaking dated 1 April 2016 executed by Ms. Yu (being an OPCO Shareholder) and the Undertaking
      dated 27 June 2019 executed by Mr. Jiang (being an OPCO Shareholder) respectively,

      •     any successor to him/her shall hold the respective equity interest in OPCO subject to the conditions, requirements
            and obligations under the Undertaking and the Structured Contracts;

      •     his/her respective equity interest in OPCO does not form part of the community property, and his/her decisions in
            relation to OPCO shall not be affected by her spouse;

      •     he/she will neither, directly or indirectly (either on her own or through any other individual or legal entity), participate
            or be engaged in any business which is or may be in competition with the business of OPCO or its associated
            company, or acquire or hold any such business, nor carry on any activities which may lead to any conflict of interest
            between himself/herself and WFOE;

      •     in the event that he/she receives any asset in relation to the liquidation of OPCO, he/she agrees to transfer to
            WFOE such assets at nil consideration or at the lowest consideration as permitted by the then applicable laws and
            regulations; and

      •     in the event that he/she receives any amount from WFOE or any third party in relation to the exercise of the call
            option under the Call Option Agreement, he/she agrees to unconditionally return all such amount to WFOE or any
            third party designated by WFOE.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    17
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 As advised by our PRC legal counsel, appropriate provisions have been incorporated in the Structured Contracts to protect
 WFOE’s interests in the event of death, bankruptcy or divorce of the OPCO Shareholders of its equity interest in OPCO to avoid
 any practical difficulties in enforcing the Structured Contracts. The Structured Contracts encompass certain provisions setting out
 that the respective contracts shall be legally binding on the legal assignees or successors of the parties thereto.

 We have also implemented measures to protect against the potential conflicts of interest between the Group and the OPCO
 Shareholders. Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement
 relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day
 business management, financial management, etc. Under the Call Option Agreement, the OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE
 an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO as and when
 permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, under the Powers of Attorney executed by the OPCO
 Shareholders, directors of WFOE and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to
 exercise the shareholders’ rights in OPCO on behalf of the OPCO Shareholders. As a result, we have minimised the OPCO
 Shareholders’ influence on the business operations of OPCO.

 The entering into of the Structured Contracts did not constitute any notifiable transaction required to be disclosed under Chapter
 14 of the Listing Rules, nor any connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as, to the best of
 the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, the OPCO Shareholders and OPCO
 were not connected persons of the Company.

 The risks associated with the Structured Contracts and the actions taken by
 the Company to mitigate the risks (where applicable)
 Business risks and financial risks borne by the Group as the primary beneficiary of OPCO
 As the primary beneficiary of OPCO, the Group is exposed to the business risks and financial risks faced by OPCO. Any profit
 or loss of OPCO will be reflected in the consolidated financial results of the Group.

 OPCO is now in the process of applying for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits. If OPCO fails to obtain the
 requisite licenses and approvals to operate the Restricted Business in the PRC, the Group’s internet business may be adversely
 affected.

 The PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not comply with
 applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations
 As advised by our PRC legal counsel, the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and regulations applicable
 to the business of the WFOE and OPCO and the articles of association of the WFOE and OPCO respectively, and would not
 be deemed as “concealing illegal intentions with a lawful form” and void under the PRC Contract Law. The Structured Contracts
 are valid and enforceable against the parties to the Structured Contracts. Our PRC legal counsel also confirms that all necessary
 actions or steps have been taken to enable it to reach its legal conclusions.

 Despite there being currently no indication that the Structured Contracts will be interfered or objected by any PRC regulatory
 authorities, our PRC legal counsel has advised that there is a possibility that the relevant PRC regulatory authorities may have
 different opinions on the interpretation of the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations and may deny the validity, effectiveness
 and enforceability of the Structured Contracts in the future.




18   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




The possible impact of the PRC Foreign Investment Law on the Structured
Contract and OPCO
On 15 March 2019, the Second Session of the 13th National People’s Congress of the PRC passed the Foreign Investment Law,
which was implemented on 1 January 2020.

The abovementioned law has no significant impact on the structured contract and the business of OPCO for the time being.

Despite this, our PRC legal counsel advised that according to the Foreign Investment Law, “investment in laws, administrative
regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council” is also a “foreign investment”. Due to uncertain new laws in the
future, administrative regulations or regulations of the State Council on defining “foreign investment”, it’s not guaranteed whether
there will be any significant impact on the future of the structure contract and the business of OPCO.

If the law, administrative regulations or the State Council stipulate otherwise that “foreign investment” is defined and the authorities
deny the legality, limitation and enforceability of the structural contract, the Group will lose the control right of OPCO, fail to
merge the financial results of OPCO or properly safeguard, determine and control the assets of OPCO, which will have
significant adverse impacts on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Board will continue to monitor the progress of relevant laws, administrative regulations or the regulations of State Council and
discuss with the Company’s PRC legal counsel. If the business of the Group or OPCO is significantly affected, the Company will
promptly publish the announcement regarding the relevant significant progress and its impact.

The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing control over and entitlement to
the economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership
The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing the WFOE with control over and entitlement to the economic
interests in OPCO as direct ownership.

Under the Structured Contracts, WFOE does not have direct ownership of OPCO and can only rely on OPCO and the OPCO
Shareholders’ performance of their contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The OPCO Shareholders may not act in
the best interests of the WFOE or may not perform their obligations under the Structured Contracts. Such risk exists and the Group
expects it to continue to exist throughout the period in which the Group intends to operate its business through the Structured
Contracts with OPCO.

In addition, the Group has not purchased any insurance to cover risks relating to the enforcement of the Structured Contracts due
to unavailability of such insurance product in the market at the moment based on the best knowledge of the Group.

The exercise of the call option under the Call Option Agreement is subject to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. There is
no assurance that the call option to purchase the entire equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO Shareholders under the Call
Option Agreement will be permitted in the future, or whether such acquisition will incur any costs and expenses to the Group in
addition to the consideration stipulated under the Call Option Agreement. For instance, if the consideration for the transfer of
equity interest in OPCO to WFOE required by the PRC laws, rules and regulations is substantially high and the OPCO
Shareholders fail to return the consideration to WFOE or if the competent tax authority require WFOE to pay enterprise income
tax for such returned ownership transfer income with reference to the market value instead of the consideration as stipulated under
the Call Option Agreement, in which case WFOE may be subject to a substantial amount of tax, the financial conditions of
WFOE may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    19
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 Potential conflicts of interest among WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders may exist
 OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders may fail to take certain actions required for the Group’s business or to follow WFOE’s
 instructions despite their contractual obligations to do so. If they fail to perform their obligations under their respective Structured
 Contracts with the WFOE, the WFOE may have to rely on legal remedies under the PRC laws, including seeking specific
 performance or injunctive relief, which may not be effective.

 Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement, Call Option
 Agreement and Equity Pledge Agreement (the “Corporate Contracts”), any disputes arising from these agreements between
 the parties thereto should first be resolved through negotiation, failing which by arbitration at the South China International
 Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (also known as the Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration) (“SCIETAC”) in
 accordance with the arbitration rules thereof (the “Arbitration Clause”). The arbitral tribunal may award remedies over the
 shares or land assets of OPCO, injunctive relief (such as stipulating certain conducts of business or compelling transfer of assets)
 or order the winding up of OPCO. Any disputes between the parties to the Powers of Attorney and the Undertakings may be
 referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Clause if the arbitral tribunal and/or the PRC court consider that those disputes fall
 under the scope of the Arbitration Clause under the Structured Contracts.

 The Structured Contracts also provide that pending formation of the arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, the courts of Hong
 Kong, the Company’s place of incorporation (Bermuda), OPCO’s place of establishment (the PRC), the jurisdiction where the
 principal assets of the Company and OPCO are located (the PRC) have the power to grant interim remedies in support of the
 arbitration.

 However, as advised by the PRC legal counsel of the Company, according to the PRC laws, rules and regulations, the arbitral
 tribunal normally would not grant such kind of remedies or injunctive relief or winding up order of such PRC operational entities as
 OPCO under the PRC laws, rules and regulations. For instance, the arbitral tribunal has no authority to grant such injunctive relief,
 nor will it be able to order the winding up of the PRC operational entities pursuant to existing PRC laws, rules and regulations. In
 addition, interim remedies or enforcement orders granted by overseas courts such as Hong Kong and Bermuda may not be
 recognizable or enforceable in the PRC.

 Furthermore, as the parties to the Structured Contracts are PRC entities and the subject matters contained therein are related to the
 PRC, the courts of Hong Kong and Bermuda may not accept that they are the proper forum for legal proceedings concerning the
 disputes (not including a request for interim remedies and any other remedies in support of the arbitration) between the parties
 arising under the Structured Contracts. The courts of Hong Kong may grant an interim remedies in support of arbitral proceedings
 commenced pursuant to the Arbitration Clause only if the arbitral proceedings are capable of giving rise to an arbitral award that
 may be enforced in Hong Kong and the interim remedies sought belongs to a type or description of interim remedies that may be
 granted in Hong Kong in relation to arbitral proceedings by Hong Kong courts. There is a risk that the courts of Hong Kong may
 refuse such interim remedies because an arbitral award from SCIETAC may be refused enforcement in Hong Kong because
 SCIETAC is currently not a recognized Mainland arbitral authority (as defined in the Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance (Cap.
 609)), but SCIETAC could acquire such status when a dispute arises.




20   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




Further, the court of Hong Kong may decline to grant an interim remedies on the ground that (a) the interim remedies sought is
currently the subject of arbitral proceedings; and (b) the court considers it more appropriate for the interim remedies to be dealt
with by the arbitral tribunal.

If any of the parties refers any dispute (not including a request for interim remedies and any other measures in support of the
arbitration) arising out of the Structured Contracts to the court of Hong Kong and the dispute falls within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause, the court will, if a party so requests not later than when submitting his first statement on the substance of the
dispute, refer the parties to arbitration unless it finds the Arbitration Clause null, void, inoperative or incapable of being
performed.

The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional
tax may be imposed
The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed on the WFOE.
If the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured Contracts were not entered into on an arm’s length basis, they may adjust
the income and expenses of the WFOE for PRC tax purposes, which could result in higher tax liabilities on the WFOE.

The operating and financial results of WFOE may be materially and adversely affected if the tax liabilities of OPCO or those of
WFOE increase significantly or if they are required to pay interest on late payments.

Internal control measures
The Company has put in place effective internal controls over WFOE and OPCO to safeguard its assets held through the
Structured Contracts. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, WFOE is subject to all the internal control processes and
procedures applicable to the Group. The operations of OPCO are exclusively controlled by WFOE through the Structured
Contracts and the Group has applied its internal control processes and procedures to OPCO. In particular, pursuant to the
Structured Contracts, WFOE has the right to appoint, and has appointed, the directors, general manager, chief financial officer
and other senior management of OPCO and WFOE has the right to hire and terminate employees of OPCO.



EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy of employees of the Group is set up by the remuneration committee of the Company on the basis of their
merit, qualifications, experience and competence.

The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company’s
operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.




*     for identification purpose only


                                                                   Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              21
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 CONNECTED TRANSACTION

 Up to the date of this report, the Group conducted the following transaction which constituted a connected transaction for the
 Company under the Listing Rules, in respect of which an announcement dated 31 December 2020 was issued.

 On 31 December 2020, Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services Co., Ltd.* (深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司) (“Shenzhen
 Hengten”) (as lessee), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a property lease agreement (the “Property
 Lease Agreement”) with Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.* (廣州市佳穗置業有限公司) (“Guangzhou Jiasui”) (as
 lessor) to lease the real estate located at Unit 2501, Guangzhou Evergrande Center, Huangpu Avenue West, Tianhe District,
 Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province (the “Leased Property” or “Property”) for office use.

 In accordance with the HKFRSs, the lease payments under the Property Lease Agreement are capital in nature, so the Leased
 Property will be recognized as a right-of-use asset of the Group on 1 January 2021 for an amount of RMB14,693,000. The
 rental payments under the Property Lease Agreement are determined following arm’s length negotiation between Shenzhen
 Hengten and Guangzhou Jiasui taking into account the prevailing market rental for comparable properties in the vicinity of the
 Leased Property. The rental payments under the Property Lease Agreement are expected to be satisfied by the internal resources of
 the Group in its usual and ordinary course of business. In accordance with HKFRS 16, the Group is required to recognize the
 Leased Property as right-of-use assets. As a result, the entry into the Property Lease Agreement and the transactions contemplated
 thereunder will be regarded as acquisitions of assets by the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.

 As Guangzhou Jiasui is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande, Guangzhou Jiasui is a connected person of the
 Company pursuant to the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the Property Lease Agreement constitute a
 one-off connected transaction of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

 Pursuant to the Property Lease Agreement, Shenzhen Hengten will lease the Property at a monthly rent of RMB547,842 plus other
 fees for a term from 1 January 2021 to 31 July 2023. The Directors believed that entering into the Property Lease Agreement
 could ensure that the Group operates its office under the brand “HengTen Networks” in a suitable prime location at Guangzhou
 Evergrande Center, situated in a prosperous area in the city with convenient transportation network and accommodative to the
 business scale development of the Group. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 December 2020 for
 details.

 As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the value of the right-of-use asset under the Property Lease Agreement
 exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the Property Lease Agreement are subject to the reporting
 and announcement requirements, but are exempted from the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent
 shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

 The aforesaid connected transaction has been reviewed by independent non-executive directors of the Company. The
 independent non-executive directors of the Company confirmed that the aforesaid connected transaction was on normal
 commercial terms and was entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company, and the terms of which are
 fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

 Saved as disclosed above and in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements which is fully exempted from Chapter 14A of
 the Listing Rules, the Company was not aware of any other related party transactions which constitute a connected transaction of
 the Group, nor are there any connected transactions that need to be disclosed in this annual report under the Listing Rules. The
 Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




22   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION

Up to the date of this report, the Group conducted the following transaction which constituted continuing connected transaction
for the Company under the Listing Rules, in respect of which an announcement dated 29 December 2017 and 31 December
2020, respectively, was issued.

1.   Equipment Usage Contract
     On 29 December 2017, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Shenzhen HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd.* (深
     圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司) entered into an equipment usage contract (the “Equipment Usage Contract”) with
     Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (恒大互聯網金融服務(深圳)有限公司) which is a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company. The transaction contemplated
     under the Equipment Usage Contract constituted a continuing connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.

     Pursuant to the Equipment Usage Contract, HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd. will provide Evergrande Internet Financial
     Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. with server configuration, data backup system, NETAPP storage equipment and other network
     equipment for use and will charge Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. a total amount of
     RMB24,840,000 as usage fees for such equipment during the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020.
     Based on the business development needs of the Company, the Group currently owns sufficient network equipment to meet
     its own needs and has extra equipment available for lease. Not only will the Equipment Usage Contract bring stable
     revenue to the Group, it will also provide Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. with such equipment
     that meets its requirements for safety and reliability. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December
     2017 for details.

     As all of the applicable percentage ratios calculated from the proposed annual caps of the above mentioned continuing
     connected transaction were less than 25% and the amount of each proposed annual cap was less than HK$10,000,000,
     the transaction contemplated under the Equipment Usage Contract is subject to the reporting and announcement
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but is exempt from the circular (including independent financial advice)
     and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2)(b) of the Listing Rules.

     The aforesaid continuing connected transaction has been reviewed by independent non-executive directors of the
     Company. The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirmed that the aforesaid connected transaction
     was entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) either on normal commercial terms or
     better; (c) in accordance with the relevant Equipment Usage Contract on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
     interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transaction in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than
     Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
     Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid
     continuing connected transaction in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and nothing has come to their
     attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction: (i) has not been approved by the
     board of directors of the Company; (ii) was not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
     agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii) has exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of the
     disclosed continuing connected transaction.

*    for identification purpose only

                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             23
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 2.     Property Service Agreement
        On 31 December 2020, Shenzhen Hengten, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Jinbi Property Co., Ltd.* (金
        碧物業有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Jinbi Property Co., Ltd.* (廣州市金碧物業有限公司) and Guangzhou
        Jinbi Property Group Co., Ltd.* (廣州市金碧物業集團有限公司) (“Jinbi Property”) entered into a property service
        agreement (the “Property Service Agreement”), pursuant to which Jinbi Property agreed to provide property
        management services to Shenzhen Hengten for a period of two years and seven months (i.e. from 1 January 2021 to 31
        July 2023) in accordance with the terms of the Property Service Agreement.

        As at the date of this announcement, China Evergrande Group (中國恒大集團) (“China Evergrande”) is the controlling
        shareholder of the Company. Therefore, China Evergrande is a connected person of the Company pursuant to Chapter
        14A of the Listing Rules. As Jinbi Property is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Evergrande Property Services, the
        controlling shareholder of which is also China Evergrande, Jinbi Property is a connected person of the Company pursuant
        to the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Property Service Agreement constitute continuing
        connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

        As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Property Service Agreement
        calculated in accordance with the Listing Rules exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the
        Property Service Agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements, but are exempted from the circular
        (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of
        the Listing Rules.

        Pursuant to the Property Service Agreement, Jinbi Property will provide property management services for property
        management service fees amounting to RMB2,518,521 and other fees and expenses, the total amount of which shall not
        exceed RMB3,000,000, to be agreed between the Company and Jinbi Property based on specific needs and required
        scope of services for each project of the Group, while safeguarding the reasonable interests of the Company and ensuring
        that the terms under the Property Service Agreement are no less favorable than those offered to the Group by independent
        third parties. Shenzhen Hengten chose to enter into the Property Service Agreement with Jinbi Property as Jinbi Property was
        believed to have the requisite expertise in property management, and the Company believed Jinbi Property could
        consistently provide quality services in the long term at a fair market price, thereby allowing the Company to establish a
        desirable office environment and to support the business development of the Group.

        The aforesaid continuing connected transaction has been reviewed by independent non-executive directors of the
        Company. The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirmed that the aforesaid continuing connected
        transaction was on normal commercial terms and was entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
        Company, and the terms of which are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a
        whole.

        The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transaction in
        accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than
        Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
        Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
        Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid
        continuing connected transaction in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and nothing has come to their
        attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction: (i) has not been approved by the
        board of directors of the Company; (ii) was not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
        agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii) has exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of the
        disclosed continuing connected transaction.

 *      for identification purpose only



24    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report (Continued)




      Save as disclosed above, no other transactions between connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) and the
      Company have been entered into and/or are ongoing for which relevant announcements are required to be made by the
      Company in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors and their respective associates are considered to have
interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, as
defined in the Listing Rules.



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the Year.



CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group has not made any charitable donations during the Year (year ended 31 December 2019: nil).



EVENTS AFTER THE end of the REPORTING PERIOD

The Pumpkin Acquisition completed on 20 January 2021. For further details on the Pumpkin Acquisition, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated 26 October 2020 and 20 January 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 31
December 2020.

On 20 January 2021, the share consolidation on the basis that every ten (10) issued and unissued then existing shares of the
Company be consolidated into one (1) consolidated share of par value HK$0.02 each in share capital of the Company took
effect. For further details of the aforesaid share consolidation, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29
December 2020.



FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five years is set out on page 122 of this report.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           25
 Directors’ Report (Continued)




 PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

 Subject to the applicable laws, every director of the Group’s companies shall be entitled to be indemnified by the relevant
 company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him or her in the execution and discharge of his
 or her duties or in relation thereto pursuant to such company’s constitutional documents. Such provisions were in force during the
 course of the Year and remained in force as of the date of this report.



 AUDITORS

 The consolidated financial statements for the Year were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). A resolution will be
 submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the Company.

 Approved by the Board on 30 March 2021
 For and on behalf of the Board




 Xu Wen
 Chairman

 Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




26   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Profile of Directors and Senior Management



The biographical details of Directors and senior management as at 30 March 2021, being the date of this annual report, are set
out below:



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Xu Wen, aged 57, has over 22 years of experience in construction project management, construction research and
design. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xu was an executive director of China Evergrande Group, a controlling shareholder of
the Company (Stock Code: 3333, with shares listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and had left such
position on 25 April 2017. Mr. Xu is currently the chairman of the Board, executive director, chairman of the nomination
committee, member of the remuneration committee and the authorized representative of the Company.

Mr. Xu holds a bachelor’s degree in civil construction and a master’s degree in project management. He is a registered structural
engineer and a qualified supervising engineer in the People’s Republic of China.

Mr. Huang Xiangui, aged 50, has over 24 years of experience in marketing, human resource management, operation and
management of foreign-funded enterprises and capital market and investor relation management. Mr. Huang has been serving
China Evergrande since 2004 and now serves as an executive director, a vice president and the general manager of the Hong
Kong office of China Evergrande Group (Stock Code: 3333). China Evergrande Group is a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. Mr. Huang also acts as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr. Huang graduated from Harbin Engineering University and University of Stirling in the United Kingdom and obtained a
bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and a master degree in banking and finance.

Mr. Wan Chao, aged 53, has over 30 years of extensive experience in management in the architectural field. Mr. Wan
joined Tencent in 2010. He is currently the Vice President of Tencent Cloud, responsible for the management of smart construction
of Tencent Cloud.

Mr. Wan graduated from Jiangxi University of Engineering in 1988 with a bachelor’s degree in industrial and structure of civil
construction.

Mr. Chen Cong, aged 31, has more than 10 years of experience in the movie production and online streaming sectors. His
representative productions consist of movies and television series, such as “A Fool” (《一個勺子》), “Sweet Sixteen” (《夏有喬木
雅 望 天 堂》), “All Quiet in Peking” (《北平無戰事》), “Zhan Kunlun” (《戰崑崙》), at which he was an executive producer. Mr.
Chen was the PRC Registered Shareholder, director, legal representative and general manager of Shenzhen Jingxiu Network
Technology Limited Company. He is the director and legal representative of Beijing Xiaoming and the supervisor of Shanghai
Ruyi. He is also the director of the Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited and Virtual Cinema HK. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Chen worked as an office manager and chairman of the supervisory committee of Beijing Ruyi Xinxin Movie Investment
Company Limited from 2009 to 2013.

Mr. Chen graduated in July 2016 from Beijing Foreign Studies University.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             27
 Profile of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)




 INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, aged 57, has over 20 years of experience in corporate finance and was formerly a partner
 of one of the big four accounting firms in Greater China, holding the position as their Head of Merger and Acquisition and
 Corporate Advisory. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (“ICAEW”), and was
 granted the Corporate Finance Qualification of ICAEW. Mr. Chau is also a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
 Accountants (“HKICPA”) and was an ex-committee member of the Disciplinary Panel of HKICPA. Mr. Chau is a director as well
 as Fellow member of the Hong Kong Securities Institute, the Chairman of Corporate Outreach Committee and China Strategy
 Committee. Mr. Chau is also a member of Hospital Governing Committee of Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital (“PYNEH”)
 and the Trustee of the PYNEH Charitable Trust. He is also a member of Jinan Municipal Committee of the Chinese People’s
 Political Consultation Conference.

 Mr. Chau is currently an independent non-executive director of BC Technology Group Limited (Stock Code: 863), China
 Evergrande Group (Stock Code: 3333), China Evergrande New Energy Vehicle Group Limited (formerly known as Evergrande
 Health Industry Group Limited) (Stock Code: 708), HengTen Networks Group Limited (Stock Code: 136), IDG Energy Investment
 Group Limited (Stock Code: 650), Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing Limited (Stock Code: 2314) and Man Wah Holdings Limited
 (Stock Code: 1999). All the aforesaid companies are listed on the Stock Exchange.

 Mr. Chau was also an independent non-executive director of Richly Field China Development Limited (Stock Code: 313) from
 February 2014 to September 2018 and Asia Grocery Distribution Limited (Stock Code: 8413) from March 2017 to August
 2018. All the aforesaid companies are listed on the Stock Exchange.

 Mr. Nie Zhixin, aged 58, is the standing vice president of the Henan Chamber of Commerce in the Guangdong province,
 vice president of the Tianhe Road Chamber of Commerce in Guangzhou, vice president of the Chain-operations Management
 Association in Guangzhou and general manager of Gladith Fashion Co., Ltd. in Guangzhou. In 1990, Mr. Nie established the
 “GLADITH•葛來娣” fashion brand in Guangzhou which has now become one of the well-known women’s fashion brands in the
 PRC.

 Mr. Chen Haiquan, aged 51, is a doctorate holder from the Chuo University, Japan, a professor and doctoral supervisor at
 the Jinan University. He also serves as the director of the Guangdong Institute of Asia-pacific E-commerce, dean of the
 Guangdong Research Institute of Modern Logistics, executive president and secretary-general of the Association of Logistics and
 Supply Chain in the Guangdong province, vice president of the Association of Business and Economics in the Guangdong
 province and vice secretary-general of Chinese Association of Market Development. Mr. Chen served as an independent director
 of Guangzhou Friendship Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 00987),
 Guangzhou Jiacheng International Logistics Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code:
 603535) and MOSO Power Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code:
 002660). He is currently the independent non-executive director of the Company, and an external director of Guangzhou
 Business Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen graduated from the graduate school of Daito Bunka University, Japan and
 the graduate school of Chuo University, Japan and obtained a master’s degree in economics and a doctorate in comprehensive
 policy, respectively.




28   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Profile of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)




Professor Shi Zhuomin, aged 49, has obtained a doctoral degree in management from Sun Yat-sen University and a
postdoctoral degree from Hitotsubashi University in Japan and is a visiting scholar under the China-US Fulbright Program.
Professor Shi studied at and visited The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Harvard Business School and the University of Missouri
and visited various countries and regions including the United States, Japan, Germany, Brazil and Hong Kong for academic
exchange. She also held lectures on “Marketing Practice in China” and “Chinese Luxury Consumption” for students from Europe,
the United States and Japan studying in China and held lectures on “Understanding Chinese Consumers” at certain universities in
the United States. Professor Shi currently focuses on the research of consumption behaviour and psychology, cross-cultural
consumption behaviour comparison research and international marketing.

Professor Shi is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor in the management school at Sun Yat-sen University. She is also a
council member of China Marketing Association of University, a provincial investigation and consulting expert of Guangdong
Province and an external academic advisor of the MScMIB program of Lingnan University in Hong Kong.



SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Chan Oi Ling, Maria Olimpia, aged 77, is the founder of the Group. Ms. Chan was the chairman of the Company
up to 7 April 2008. After resignation from the Board, Ms. Chan remains as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company so
as to help her to give advice and pass on her valuable experience in the manufacturing and sales of goods. Ms. Chan has over
41 years of experience in the industry of manufacturing and sale of accessories for photographic products.




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            29
 Corporate Governance Report



 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

 The Board considers that good corporate governance practices are crucial to the smooth and effective operation of the Group
 and the safeguarding of the interests of the shareholders and other stakeholders of the Company. The Company has put in place
 internal policies to ensure the compliance and has adopted and complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate
 Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Year except for the following deviation
 from the Code provisions:

 •     Code provision A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
       performed by the same individual. During the Year, no individual has held the title of chief executive in the Company. The
       overall responsibility of supervising and ensuring that the Group functions in line with the order of the Board in terms of day-
       to-day operation and powers of execution is vested in the Board itself.

 •     Code provision E.1.2 stipulates that the chairman of the Board shall attend the annual general meeting of the Company.
       Due to the COVID-19 travel restrictions imposed this year and the need to attend other business matters that had been
       arranged in advance, Mr. Xu Wen, who had served as a director of the Company during the year ended 31 December
       2020, did not attend the Company’s annual general meeting held on 15 June 2020.



 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

 The Board determines the overall strategies of the Group, monitors and controls operating and financial performance, analyses
 and formulates strategies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board also decides on matters such as
 annual and interim results, dividend policy, director appointments, and significant changes in accounting policy, material
 contracts and major investments. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility of overseeing the Group’s day-to-day
 operations to management executives.

 Composition of the Board
 During the Year and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises the following executive Directors and independent
 non-executive Directors.

 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
 Mr. Huang Xiangui
 Mr. Wan Chao (appointed with effect on 16 June 2020)
 Mr. Chen Cong (appointed with effect on 20 January 2021)
 Mr. Liu Yongzhuo (resigned with effect on 26 June 2020)
 Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang (resigned with effect on 16 June 2020)

 Independent non-executive Directors:
 Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
 Mr. Nie Zhixin
 Mr. Chen Haiquan
 Professor Shi Zhuomin

 Biographical details of current members of the Board are set out on page 27 to page 29 of this annual report.


30   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




During the Year, the Company has at all times met the requirements of Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of
at least three independent non-executive Directors, and at least one independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate
professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period of three years. Each of the
independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years. The
Directors are subject to retirement by rotation pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”). In accordance with
the Bye-laws, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being or, if their number is
not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation, provided that
every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied with the independence of the independent non-
executive Directors.

Board Diversity
The Board has established a set of board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board with the aims
of enhancing Board effectiveness and corporate governance as well as achieving the Group’s business objectives and
sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, required expertise, skills, knowledge and length of
service. The current Board consists of a diverse mix of Board members who match the requirement of the business of the
Company.

Roles and Duties
The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business performance of the
Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing and approving the financial statements
of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority delegated to the management in relation to the
administration and management of the Group.

The Board has the following duties and responsibilities in respect of the corporate governance functions of the Company:

(a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

(c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulator requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      Directors; and

(e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report in the annual
      report of the Company.

During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Board has performed the corporate governance duties.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               31
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




 The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board meets regularly to discuss and
 formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of the Group. Directors may participate in the
 meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means of electronic communications. Four Board meetings were convened by the
 Company during the Year.

 The Company has set up the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee (as detailed in the following
 section) in respect of the Board.

 The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, the meetings of the three committees and general meetings held
 during the Year is set out below:

                                                                      No. of meetings attended/held
                                                       Board          Audit Remuneration Nomination                          General
                                                      Meeting      Committee    Committee     Committee                      Meeting

       Executive Directors
       Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)                               4/4                —                 1/1               1/1             0/1
       Mr. Huang Xiangui                                   4/4                —                  —                 —              0/1
       Mr. Wan Chao                                        4/4                —                  —                 —              0/1
       Mr. Chen Cong                                       4/4                —                  —                 —              0/1

       Independent non-executive
         Directors
       Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                           4/4              2/4                 1/1                —              1/1
       Mr. Nie Zhixin                                      4/4              2/4                 1/1               1/1             0/1
       Mr. Chen Haiquan                                    4/4              2/4                  —                1/1             0/1
       Professor Shi Zhuomin                               4/4               —                   —                 —              0/1

     Directors’ Training
     All Directors have complied with the Code provisions in relation to continuous professional development. This has involved various
     forms of activities including attending a presentation given by an external professional party in respect of the new regime on
     disclosure, reading materials relevant to corporate governance and other regulatory requirements.

     The Company has an induction policy for every new member of the Board. On appointment, the new member will receive an
     induction which includes meetings with members of the Board introducing the Group’s business segments in which the Group
     operates, the roles and responsibilities as a Director and the requirements under the Listing Rules in respect of the Code provisions
     in relation to continuous professional development.

     The Company regularly updates Directors on the developments in respect of the Listing Rules and applicable regulatory
     requirements, to enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

     During the Year, all of the Directors have attended training sessions. The company secretary of the Company has also complied
     with the 15 hours training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




32      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




AUDIT COMMITTEE

As at 31 December 2020, the audit committee comprised three members, namely, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, chairman of the
audit committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan all being independent non-executive Directors. The audit committee
adopted the written terms of reference which were basically the same as those set forth in code provision C.3.3 of the Code. The
audit committee is principally responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function, reviewing and
supervising the Group’s financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system and providing advice and
recommendations to the Board.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.

During the Year, two meetings have been held by the audit committee to approve the audited financial statements for the Year
and to review interim financial statements (including accounting policies and practices adopted) of the Group for the Year, and
recommended such financial statements to the Board for approval. The record of attendance of members at such meetings is set
out on page 32 of this annual report.

On 29 March 2021, the audit committee met to review the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, the
financial statements and other reports for the Year and discuss any significant audit matters with the Company’s external auditor
and the senior management before recommending them to the Board for consideration and approval. The audit committee
recommended the Board in relation to the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s external auditor for the
financial year ending 31 December 2021 at the annual general meeting of the Company.



REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The majority of the members of the remuneration committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December
2020, the members of the remuneration committee included Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, the chairman of the remuneration
committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Xu Wen. The remuneration committee adopted the written terms of reference which were
basically the same as those set forth in code provision B.1.2 of the Code. The remuneration committee is principally responsible
for assessing performance of executive Directors, approving executive Directors’ service contracts, reviewing and determining,
with delegated responsibility, the remuneration policy and packages of the individual executive Directors and senior management.
This includes benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss on
termination of their office or appointment. No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

During the Year, one meeting has been held by the remuneration committee. The remuneration committee had discussed and
reviewed the remuneration packages for all Directors and senior management. The record of attendance of members at such
meetings is set out on page 32 of this annual report.



NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The majority of the members of the nomination committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December 2020,
the members of the nomination committee included Mr. Xu Wen, the chairman of the nomination committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and
Mr. Chen Haiquan. The nomination committee’s terms of reference are basically the same as those set forth in code provision A.5.2
of the Code. The nomination committee is principally responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board,
and selecting and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and senior management.

During the Year, one meeting has been held by the nomination committee to review the structure, size and composition of the
Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. The record of attendance of members at such meetings
is set out on page 32 of this annual report.


                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             33
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




 SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS

 The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
 forth in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the Directors. The
 Company, having made detailed and cautious enquiries, confirmed that all Directors have abided by the Model Code for the
 Year.



 DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance
 with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure
 that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

 The Directors are responsible for ensuring the maintenance of proper accounting records of the Company and taking reasonable
 steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The reporting responsibilities of the external auditor,
 PricewaterhouseCoopers are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 43 to page 47 of the annual report.



 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

 Duties of the Board and the Management
 The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility to review the effectiveness
 of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is willing to
 take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the establishment and maintenance by the management of appropriate and
 effective risk management and internal control systems. The management is responsible for designing and maintaining an effective
 risk management and internal control system as well as providing confirmations to the Board on the effectiveness of the system.

 Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
 business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material misstatements or
 losses.




34   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Risk Management
1.   Enhancement in risk management system and structure
     Based on the latest group organizational structure and the work completed in the prior year, the Group has continued to
     improve the risk management system structure at the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk
     monitoring activities for various departments by way of the following:

         Reiterated the risk management organizational structure — An organizational structure with the audit
          committee as the decision-maker and the leading groups and management of various business segments of the Group
          as the implementation unit, has been established to divide risk management responsibilities and set out clear
          responsibilities for risk management and the risk information reporting line.

          The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:

          Roles                               Primary Duties

          Board (Decision-maker)              •     Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of
                                                    acceptance to ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                                              •     Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk
                                                    management and internal control system
                                              •     Supervise management for the design, implementation and monitoring
                                                    of the risk management and internal control system

          Audit Committee (Decision-maker)    •     Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management and
                                                    continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk management
                                                    system
                                              •     Supervise the management for the design, implementation and
                                                    monitoring of the risk management and internal control system
                                              •     Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have been
                                                    identified during the period, and the extent to which they have resulted
                                                    in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have
                                                    had, or may in the future have, a material impact on the Company’s
                                                    financial performance or condition




                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             35
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




            Roles                               Primary Duties

            Senior management of the Group      •      Responsible for the development of risk management system, regularly
              (Leadership)                             review the Company’s risk management policies and system
                                                •      Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the
                                                       Group, report on risk management to the audit committee on a regular
                                                       basis, and report and disclose significant risk information to the audit
                                                       committee
                                                •      Provide the audit committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness of
                                                       the risk management system

            Management at the headquarters      •      Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and
             of the Group and management               carry out risk identification and evaluation and other related work
             of various departments
             (Implementer)
                                                •      Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant
                                                       activities
                                                •      Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management
                                                       measures
                                                •      Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely report
                                                       to the risk management coordinator and risk management leadership on
                                                       risk information
                                                •      Conduct other relevant work on risk management

            Risk management coordinators        •      Coordinate risk identification and assessment work
                                                •      Organize the preparation of regular risk assessment reports, summarize
                                                       and submit the results to the risk management leadership
                                                •      Organize and coordinate risk management training and guidance

            Internal audit function             •      a risk management supervising department, responsible for supervising
                                                       risk management work of the Group and various business segments

                 Updated the risk assessment criteria — During the Year, in response to the changes in internal and
                  external environment, taking into account the business nature, operation characteristics and strategic objectives
                  of the Group and each segment and the risk appetite of the management, the Group updated the risk
                  assessment standards applicable to each business segment and carried out the assessment on the risks that are
                  most likely to affect the achievement of the corporate objectives by using commonly recognized assessment
                  methods and assessment criteria.




36   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




          Refined and standardized the risk management workflow — Based on the business
           operations, the Group continuously monitors and manages risks through the risk management workflow
           covering major steps including identification, assessment, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to
           figure 1 “Risk management workflow” below for details). The main elements include, for the purposes of
           business objectives of the Group and various business segments, identifying the risk factors that affect the
           achievement of business objectives, assessing the likelihood and potential impacts of each specific risk;
           adopting measures to deal with the risks identified; and continuously monitoring the changes in risks and timely
           adjusting countermeasures. During the Year, the Group reviewed, adjusted and improved the risk management
           workflow, improving the efficiency and standardization of its operation.




                                              Reorting

                                                                   Identification


                                                    Risk
                                                 management
                                Monitoring        workflow

                                                                     Assessment


                                                Response


                                       Figure 1: Risk management workflow

          Refined and reiterated the risk management review frequency — The frequency of risk
           management assessment and reporting of the Group was reiterated (to be at least once a year), and the
           aforesaid key elements have been incorporated in the Risk Management Manual of the Group to standardize
           the forms and frequency of reporting.




                                                           Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            37
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




 2.     Risk assessment work of the Group for 2020
        In addition to the aforesaid risk management framework at the group level, the management of the Group also engaged
        external advisors to assist in the continuous maintenance of the risk management system in 2020, details of which include
        the following:

        •    Advance the implementation of material risk assessment results of the Group for the prior year
             During the Year, the management of the Group followed up on the implementation of the measures in respect of the
             areas for improvement in management and control identified in the risk assessment for the prior year, establishing a
             continuous management and control cycle model of “Risk identification — Implementation of risk countermeasures —
             Review effectiveness of the implementation of risk response measures — Continuous optimization of risk management
             and control” in order to ensure that the material risk management gaps have been effectively improved and to
             continuously improve the Group’s ability to prevent and cope with risks (for details, please refer to Figure 2: Risk
             assessment, management and control model).




                                                  Risk
                                              identification
                                                                            Implementation
                                                                                 of risk
                                                                                  counter-
                                                                                   measures



                                       Continuous
                                        optimization
                                          of risk                              Review
                                           management                     effectiveness of
                                             and control             the implementation
                                                                     of risk response
                                                                     measures



                                    Figure 2: Risk assessment, management and control model

        •    Conduct a comprehensive review of risk management system of the Group for the year of 2020
             The management of the Group updated the risk assessment standards and the risk database based on the changes in
             the external market environment and the internal operating environment, the progress of business and risk appetite. In
             addition, it adopted a systematic risk assessment method to review the changes in the nature and degree of the
             material risks that its business segments face, identified the material risks facing its business segments, analyzed the
             status of risk management and control and countermeasures to be adopted and key risk management strategies, and
             reported the risk assessment results to the audit committee. The audit committee reviewed and assessed the changes
             in the nature and degree of material risks on behalf of the Board, and completed the review of the risk management
             systems and considered these systems effective and sufficient.




38    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Internal Control
1.   Enhancement of the internal control framework
     The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal control framework of the
     Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (please refer to figure 3: COSO Internal
     Control — Integrated Framework). The Group’s internal control system consists of five interdependent elements, which
     coordinate and operate to ensure the effectiveness of internal control functions of the Group. The five elements are: control
     environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication and monitoring activities.



                                                             l                                             ce
                                                          na             ng                    an
                                                        io            rti          li
                                                     at           ep
                                                                     o
                                                                                mp
                                                   er
                                                Op
                                                                 R            Co




                                                                                                                   Operating unit
                                                                                               Area of operation
                                                                                                                                    Functions
                                            Control environment




                                                                               Company level
                                               Risk assessment

                                              Control activities
                                              Information and
                                               communication
                                            Monitoring activities


                                   Figure 3: COSO Internal Control — Integrated Framework

     The internal control system of the Group, as an integral part of its risk management, is established based on the risks facing
     the Group. The management at the headquarters of the Group, its business segments and departments has designed and
     implemented a series of policies and procedures in view of the process relating to finance, operation and compliance, and
     monitors the implementation of these policies and procedures and their effectiveness.

2.   Internal Audit
     The Group has in place internal control functions. Management has developed measures for improvement in view of the
     vulnerabilities and weaknesses identified during the internal controls review, which are followed up on by the Supervision
     Department on a regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for improvement.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                        39
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




 REVIEW OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

 During the Year, the Board, through the audit committee, conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management and internal
 control systems of the Group for the financial year of 2020, which mainly involved the continuous advancement of risk assessment
 and the major assessment of the results of the internal control review for the prior year as well as the risk assessment and internal
 control review for key business process for the Year and covered the Group and its major business segments. All important
 aspects of control, including financial, operation and compliance areas, were reviewed, and the natures and severity of major
 risks as well as the Group’s ability to cope with the changes in its business and external environment, were reviewed, and these
 systems were considered effective and sufficient.

 The audit committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on accounting, internal audit
 and financial reporting functions as well as its staff training programs and budget and confirmed the adequacy of the same.



 FRAMEWORK FOR DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

 The Company has put in place a framework for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance with the SFO.
 The framework sets out the procedures and internal controls, including but not limited to establishing controls for monitoring
 business and corporate developments and events so that any potential inside information is promptly identified and escalated,
 restricting access to inside information to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis, and ensuring employees who
 are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality, for the handling and
 dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all shareholders and stakeholders of the Group to assess the
 latest position of the Group.



 AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

 For the Year, the emolument to the external auditor of the Company for the annual audit and review of interim financial statements
 amounted to approximately RMB2,600,000 and the emolument of the external auditor of the Company for providing non-audit
 services including consultation and advisory service regarding corporate governance reporting and environmental, social and
 governance reporting and audit fee for merger and acquisition amounted to approximately RMB3,826,000.



 AMENDMENTS TO THE COMPANY’S CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

 During the Year, the Company did not amend its Bye-laws.




40   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up share capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the
right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”), to require a
special general meeting (“SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and
such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene a
SGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal
place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai,
Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such SGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s)
himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda.



RIGHT TO NOMINATE DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION AT GENERAL MEETINGS

Shareholder who wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director must deposit a
written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China Evergrande
Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, or the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries
Limited (the “Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar”), at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong,
for the attention of the Company Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name of the Shareholder(s) and his/her/their
shareholding, the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person’s biographical details as
required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the Shareholder concerned (not the person to be nominated).
The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be elected on his/her willingness
to be elected as a Director.

The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence on the day after the dispatch of the notice of the general meeting held for
the election of Directors and end no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of such general meeting.

The Notice will be verified by the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and upon their confirmation that the request is proper and
in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the nomination committee of the Company and the
Board to consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such person to be elected as a
Director.

The right and procedures to convene a general meeting and to demand a poll on resolutions at general meetings by Shareholders
are set out in the Company’s amended and restated Bye-laws headed “General Meetings”, “Notice of General Meetings”,
“Proceedings At General Meetings” and “Voting”.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             41
 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




 DISCLAIMERS

 The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings” in
 this report are for reference only and in compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and shall not be
 regarded as legal or other professional advice to the Shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent legal or other
 professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims any liability for all liabilities and
 losses incurred by the Shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to
 Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings”.



 INVESTOR RELATIONS

 The Company emphasises communication with institutional investors so as to enhance the transparency of the Company, and
 stresses the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of institutional investors. The Company released
 information and responded to questions from the media through press conferences and the Company’s website, and
 communicated with the media on a regular basis.

 Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:

 By telephone: (852) 2287 9208/2287 9218/2287 9207
 By post: 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong




42   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of HengTen Networks Group Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



OPINION

What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set
out on pages 48 to 121, which comprise:

•     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                  Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             43
 Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




 Independence
 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
 and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



 Key Audit Matters

 Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
 financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
 statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Key audit matter identified in our audit is the assessment of the expected credit losses of trade and other receivables.

 Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Assessment of the expected credit losses of                        We obtained an understanding of management’s internal
 trade and other receivables                                        control and assessment process of the ECL of trade and other
                                                                    receivables and assessed the inherent risk of material
 Refer to Note 4(a) — Critical accounting estimates and             misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
 judgements and Note 13 — Trade and other receivables to            uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors such as
 the consolidated financial statements.                             complexity of models and subjectivity of significant
                                                                    assumptions and data used.
 As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of trade and
 other receivables amounted to RMB154,987,000 (after                We evaluated and validated the controls over the assessment
 provision of RMB9,340,000), representing approximately             of the expected credit loss of trade and other receivables.
 12% of the Group’s total assets.                                   Those controls were related to the identification of impaired
                                                                    receivables and the quantification and recording of impairment
 The Group applies HKFRS 9 to measure the expected credit           provisions.
 losses (“ECL”) of trade and other receivables which have
 been assessed for impairment on a collective group basis           We assessed the appropriateness of the grouping of trade
 based on different credit risk characteristics. Management         and other receivables based on shared credit risk
 assessed the ECL based on estimation about risk of default         characteristics and ageing periods and the credit loss
 and expected loss rates, and judgment was used in making           provisioning methodology adopted by management.
 these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
 calculation, including the historical settlement records, credit   We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of ageing profile
 ratings, financial positions and other factors that impacted       of trade and other receivables prepared by management by
 their ability of repayment. Management also took into              checking to sales invoices or other relevant documents
 account of existing market conditions and forward looking
 information.                                                       We tested, on a sample basis, the historical settlement by
                                                                    checking to the bank slips to assess the effectiveness of
 We focused on this area due to the significance of the trade       management’s estimation process
 and other receivable balances and the complexity of models
 and subjectivity of significant assumptions and data used in
 the estimation of expected credit losses.




44   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                                                We challenged management’s estimation of the risk of default
                                                                and ECL rate referencing to the debtors’ credit information
                                                                including settlement records, their financial positions and
                                                                ability of repayment and collaborated management’s
                                                                explanations with publicly available information and
                                                                supporting evidence.

                                                                We evaluated the appropriateness of the forward looking
                                                                information with reference to our industry knowledge and
                                                                relevant published macroeconomic data.

                                                                We checked the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of
                                                                the allowance of ECL.

                                                                We found the models, significant assumptions and data
                                                                applied by management in the assessment of the ECL of trade
                                                                and other receivables were supported by available evidences.



Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             45
 Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




 Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance
 for the Consolidated Financial Statements

 The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
 view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
 Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
 financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
 going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
 unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

 Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



 Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
 Financial Statements

 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
 material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
 opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other
 purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
 Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
 will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
 if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
 basis of these consolidated financial statements.

 As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
 throughout the audit. We also:

 •         Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
           design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
           to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
           one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
           internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
           the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.




46       HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
      draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeung Chor Ho.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    47
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position



                                                                                 31 December    31 December
                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                         Notes       RMB’000       RMB’000

     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                        6          13,338         17,457
     Right-of-use assets                                                  7          12,952         16,364
     Intangible assets                                                    8           2,172          2,929
     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    11            553            631
     Prepayments                                                          12          6,595            104
     Deferred tax assets                                                  19          3,280          7,295


                                                                                     38,890         44,780


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                           9           8,840        30,317
     Other current assets                                                 12          21,465        35,401
     Trade and other receivables                                          13         154,987       110,695
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                14          17,967         3,311
     Cash and cash equivalents                                            15       1,031,092     1,313,301


                                                                                   1,234,351     1,493,025


     Total assets                                                                  1,273,241     1,537,805


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                        16         161,228        150,172
     Share premium                                                        16       4,511,147      4,454,940
     Other reserves                                                       17          46,481         80,890
     Accumulated losses                                                           (3,535,688)    (3,544,451)


     Total equity                                                                  1,183,168     1,141,551




48      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)




                                                                                            31 December     31 December
                                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                  Notes         RMB’000        RMB’000

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                   7             11,811         6,654


                                                                                                  11,811         6,654


Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                   7              4,927        13,471
Contract liabilities                                                               5(e)            4,196        18,143
Borrowings                                                                         18                  —        53,571
Trade payables                                                                     20              8,116        15,554
Other payables                                                                     21             60,103       284,229
Current income tax liabilities                                                                       920         4,632


                                                                                                  78,262       389,600



Total liabilities                                                                                 90,073       396,254


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    1,273,241    1,537,805


The notes on pages 55 to 121 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

The financial statements on pages 48 to 121 were approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021 and were signed on
its behalf.




                             Xu Wen                                                     Huang Xiangui
                              Director                                                     Director




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED       49
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income



                                                                                             2020       2019
                                                                                 Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000



     Revenue                                                                       5       230,114     337,300
     Cost of sales                                                                22      (119,892)   (134,910)


     Gross profit                                                                         110,222     202,390

     Selling and marketing costs                                                  22       (50,417)    (72,771)
     Administrative expenses                                                      22       (71,154)    (72,935)
     (Net impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on financial assets   3.1(d)     (4,169)       1,641
     Other income                                                                 24        18,452      10,324
     Other expenses                                                               25        (2,928)      (3,489)
     Other gains — net                                                            26         5,174      21,115


     Operating profit                                                                        5,180     86,275

     Finance costs                                                                27       (2,270)      (3,804)
     Finance income                                                               27       13,218      26,643


     Finance income — net                                                         27       10,948      22,839


     Profit before income tax                                                              16,128     109,114

     Income tax expenses                                                          28        (4,106)    (17,041)


     Profit for the year                                                                   12,022      92,073


     Other comprehensive income                                                   17
     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
        Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                           (78)        42
        Currency translation difference                                                    (47,223)    10,366


     Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                   (47,301)    10,408


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                               (35,279)   102,481




50      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Continued)




                                                                                                   2020        2019
                                                                                  Notes         RMB’000      RMB’000

Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                          12,022        90,065
  Non-controlling interests                                                                           —         2,008


                                                                                                 12,022        92,073


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                         (35,279)     100,473
  Non-controlling interests                                                                           —        2,008


                                                                                                (35,279)     102,481


Earnings per share for profit attributable to
  the owners of the Company for the year:                                           29
  (expressed in RMB fen per share)
Basic earnings per share                                                                         0.0149        0.1118


Diluted earnings per share                                                                       0.0149        0.1118


The notes on pages 55 to 121 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   51
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity



                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                  Non-
                                        Share        Share           Other      Accumulated                  controlling        Total
                                       capital     premium         reserves            losses        Total     interests       equity
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                     (Note 16)    (Note 16)      (Note 17)


 Balance at 1 January 2019           150,172     4,454,940         63,598       (3,627,632)     1,041,078       1,563      1,042,641


 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                       —             —              —           90,065        90,065        2,008        92,073


 Other comprehensive income
 Changes in the fair value of debt
       instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive
       income                              —             —              42                 —          42             —           42
 Currency translation difference           —             —         10,366                  —      10,366             —       10,366


 Total other comprehensive
       income                              —             —         10,408                  —      10,408             —       10,408


 Total comprehensive income                —             —         10,408           90,065       100,473        2,008       102,481


 Transactions with owners
 Transfer to statutory reserve
       (Note 17(b))                        —             —          6,884            (6,884)           —             —            —
 Disposal of subsidiaries                  —             —              —                  —           —        (3,571)       (3,571)


     Total transactions with
       owners                              —             —          6,884            (6,884)           —        (3,571)       (3,571)


     Balance at 31 December 2019     150,172     4,454,940         80,890       (3,544,451)     1,141,551            —     1,141,551




52     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Continued)




                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                              Non-
                                          Share         Share       Other Accumulated                    controlling       Total
                                         capital     premium      reserves        losses        Total      interests      equity
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                       (Note 16)    (Note 16)    (Note 17)


Balance at 1 January 2020              150,172     4,454,940       80,890    (3,544,451) 1,141,551                —    1,141,551


Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                           —            —            —       12,022      12,022                —      12,022


Other comprehensive income
Changes in the fair value of debt
   instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive
   income                                     —            —          (78)            —           (78)            —          (78)
Currency translation difference               —            —      (47,223)            —    (47,223)               —      (47,223)


Total other comprehensive
   income                                     —            —      (47,301)            —    (47,301)               —      (47,301)


Total comprehensive income                    —            —      (47,301)      12,022     (35,279)               —      (35,279)


Transactions with owners
Deemed contribution from China
   Evergrande Group (Note 17(c))              —            —        9,471             —         9,471             —       9,471
Expiry of New Warrants
   (Note 17(a))                               —            —            6            (6)           —              —           —
Issue of new shares upon exercise of
   New Warrants (Note 17(a))             11,056       56,207          162             —     67,425                —      67,425
Transfer to statutory reserve
   (Note 17(b))                               —            —        3,253        (3,253)           —              —           —


Total transactions with
   owners                                11,056       56,207       12,892        (3,259)    76,896                —      76,896


Balance at 31 December 2020            161,228     4,511,147       46,481    (3,535,688) 1,183,168                —    1,183,168


The notes on pages 55 to 121 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             53
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows



                                                                                              Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                   Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                            30           (242,995)      116,581
 Interest paid                                                                                      (2,679)         (2,603)
 Interest received                                                                                  13,218         26,643
 Income tax paid                                                                                    (2,362)       (42,830)


 Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                           (234,818)       97,791


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                          (2,743)       (13,901)
 Purchase of intangible assets                                                                        (137)             —
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 (17,175)         (3,462)
 Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                                                  —           3,474
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 4             160
 Proceeds from disposal of held-for-trading equity investment                                        3,061              —
 Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          24                  8              —
 Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                        24                 40             44


 Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (16,942)       (13,685)


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from exercise of New Warrants                                                             67,425             —
 Deemed contributions from China Evergrande Group                                                    9,471             —
 Repayment of borrowings                                                                           (53,571)            —
 Repayment of principal elements of lease                                                           (9,748)       (11,193)


 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                            13,577         (11,193)


 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             (238,183)       72,913
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          1,313,301     1,227,239
 Exchange (loss)/gain on cash and cash equivalents                                                 (44,026)       13,149


 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                        1,031,092     1,313,301


 The notes on pages 55 to 121 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




54   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



1   General information

    HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and is engaged in
    investment holding. The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda.

    The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in internet community services and related
    businesses, manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, investment and trading of
    securities and property investment.

    The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    After the outbreak of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) in early 2020, a series of precautionary and control
    measures have been adopted nationwide, which has resulted in extensive obstructions on factory productions, and
    operations of business partners, leading to declines on orders and transaction volume under the Group’s internet home
    furnishing platform, bringing about an adverse effect to the Group’s financial position and operating results in the 2020.

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise stated. These consolidated
    financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors (the “Board”, or “Directors”) of the Company
    on 30 March 2021.



2   Summary of significant accounting policies

    The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
    These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements
    are for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.

    2.1 Basis of preparation
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong
          Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
          (“HKCO”) Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except
          for the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss which are carried at fair value.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
          estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
          policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
          are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              55
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
            (a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                  The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting
                  period commencing 1 January 2020:

                  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                         Definition of Material
                  Amendments to HKFRS 3                                   Definition of a Business
                  Amendments to HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKAS 39              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                  Amendment to HKFRS 16                                   COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions
                  Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting

                  The adoption of the above new and amended standards did not have any significant impact on the Group’s
                  accounting policies and did not require retrospective adjustments.

            (b)   New and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not effective for the financial year
                  beginning on 1 January 2020 and have not been early adopted by the Group

                                                                                                              Effective for
                                                                                                           annual periods
                                                                                                            beginning on
                                                                                                                   or after

                  Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2                    1 January 2021
                    HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
                  Amendments to HKFRS 3             Business Combinations — Reference to Conceptual           1 January 2022
                                                       Framework
                  Amendments to HKAS 16             Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before           1 January 2022
                                                       Intended Use
                  Amendments to HKAS 37             Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent         1 January 2022
                                                       Assets — Onerous Contracts
                  Annual Improvements               Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018–2020                   1 January 2022
                                                       (amendments)
                  Revised Accounting Guideline 5    Merger Accounting for Common Control                      1 January 2022
                                                       Combination
                  HKFRS 17                          Insurance Contracts                                       1 January 2023
                  Amendments to HKAS 1              Presentation of Financial Statements on                   1 January 2023
                                                       Classification of Liabilities
                  Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) Presentation of Financial Statements —                    1 January 2023
                                                       Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan
                                                       that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
                  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor      To be determined
                    HKAS 28                            and its Associate or Joint Venture

                  The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards,
                  interpretation and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the directors, no significant
                  impact on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when they become effective.



56   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.2 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
        (a)   Subsidiaries
              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has controlled. The Group
              controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
              entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries
              are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from
              the date that control ceases.

              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of
              the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
              consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
              statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance
              sheet respectively.

    2.3 Separate financial statements
        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of
        investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and
        receivable.

        Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments if the
        dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the
        carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the
        consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

    2.4 Segment reporting
        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
        decision-makers (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance
        of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic
        decisions.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                  57
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.5 Foreign currency translation
            (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                  primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                  financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the presentation currency of the Company. The functional
                  currency of the Company is HK$.

            (b)   Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of
                  the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
                  the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates
                  are generally recognised in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow
                  hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
                  operation.

                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of profit or loss,
                  within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of profit or loss
                  on a net basis within other gains — net.

            (c)   Group companies
                  The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
                  economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
                  presentation currency as follows:

                  •     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                        balance sheet

                  •     income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of comprehensive income are
                        translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative
                        effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated
                        at the dates of the transactions), and

                  •     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.




58   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.6 Property, plant and equipment
        Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss. Historical cost
        includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
        when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
        item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and
        maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

        Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to
        their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

        Buildings                                    20 years
        Leasehold improvements                       Shorter of lease term and useful life
        Plant and machinery                          5–10 years
        Furniture, fixtures and equipment            5–10 years
        Network equipment                            3 years
        Motor vehicles                               4–5 years

        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
        greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within “Other gains — net” in profit or loss.

        Assets under construction are stated at historical cost less impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that
        is directly attributable to the development of the assets which comprises construction costs, amortisation of land use
        rights, borrowing costs and professional fees incurred during the development period. On completion, the assets are
        transferred to buildings within property, plant and equipment.

        No depreciation is provided for assets under construction. The carrying amount of an asset under construction is
        written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated
        recoverable amount.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               59
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.7 Intangible assets
            (a)   Acquired internet platform
                  Separately acquired internet platform is shown at historical cost. The platform has a finite useful life and is
                  carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

                  Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated useful lives of
                  three years.

            (b)   Internal development costs
                  Internal costs incurred on development projects (relating to the upgrade of the internet platform) are capitalised
                  as intangible assets when recognition criteria are met:

                  •     it is technically feasible to complete the application so that it will be available for use;

                  •     management intends to complete the application and use or sell it;

                  •     there is an ability to use or sell the application;

                  •     it can be demonstrated how the application will generate probable future economic benefits;

                  •     adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
                        application are available; and

                  •     the expenditure attributable to the application during its development can be reliably measured.

                  Directly attributable costs that are capitalised include employment costs and an appropriate portion of relevant
                  overheads. Development costs previously recognised as an expense is not recognised as an asset in a
                  subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the
                  point at which the asset is ready for use on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

                  Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the capitalisation criteria are recognised
                  as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an
                  asset in a subsequent period.

            (c)   Patent
                  Separately acquired patent used right is shown at historical cost. The patent has a finite useful life and is
                  carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

                  Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated useful lives of ten
                  years.




60   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.8 Impairment of non-financial assets
        Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
        impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other
        assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
        not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
        recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
        use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
        identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets
        (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible
        reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

    2.9 Investments and other financial assets
        (a)   Classification
              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

              •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                    profit or loss), and

              •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
              terms of the cash flows.

              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
              comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
              whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
              investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

              The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
              changes.

        (b)   Recognition and derecognition
              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
              Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash
              flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
              substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               61
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
            (c)   Measurement
                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                  not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
                  financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in
                  profit or loss.

                  Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                  cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                  Debt instruments
                  Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
                  and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
                  classifies its debt instruments:

                  •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                        represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                        these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                        loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains — net
                        together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item
                        in the statement of profit or loss.

                  •     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”): Assets that are held for
                        collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
                        represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying
                        amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income
                        and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                        is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to
                        profit or loss and recognised in other gains — net. Interest income from these financial assets is included
                        in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are
                        presented in other gains — net and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the
                        statement of profit or loss.

                  •     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”): Assets that do not meet the criteria for
                        amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently
                        measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains- net in the period in
                        which it arises.




62   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
        (c)   Measurement (Continued)
              Equity instruments
              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
              elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
              reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment.
              Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s
              right to receive payments is established.

              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains- net in the statement of profit
              or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at
              FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

        (d)   Impairment
              The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
              carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
              been a significant increase in credit risk.

              For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
              expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables, see Note 3.1(d) for further
              details.

    2.10 Offsetting financial instruments
        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group currently
        has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
        realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet
        the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy
        or the termination of a contract.

    2.11 Inventories
        Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost
        comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure,
        the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost excludes borrowing costs. Costs are
        assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Net realisable value is the estimated
        selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
        necessary to make the sale.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                 63
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.12 Trade receivables
            Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course
            of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
            business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

            Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain
            significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with
            the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using
            the effective interest method, less loss allowance.

            See Note 13 for further information about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1(d) for a
            description of the Group’s impairment policies.

       2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand,
            deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of
            three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant
            risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the
            balance sheet.

       2.14 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new share or options
            are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

       2.15 Trade and other payables
            These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
            which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. Trade and other
            payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period.
            They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
            method.

       2.16 Borrowings
            Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated
            at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is
            recognised in the profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

            Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
            probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
            occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the
            fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
            relates.



64   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.16 Borrowings (Continued)
        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
        liability for at least 12 months after the respective balance sheet date.

    2.17 Borrowing costs
        General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a
        qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its
        intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for
        their intended use or sale.

        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
        assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

        Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

    2.18 Current and deferred income tax
        The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on
        the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
        attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

        (a)   Current income tax
              The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
              end of the reporting period in the countries where the company’s subsidiaries and associates operate and
              generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to
              situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where
              appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

        (b)   Deferred income tax
              Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
              tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
              deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
              tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than
              a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
              Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
              by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
              realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

              The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined assuming
              the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

              Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
              available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.



                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                  65
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.18 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
            (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                  and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
                  tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a
                  net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
                  subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference
                  will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference
                  can be utilised.

                  Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in
                  other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive
                  income or directly in equity, respectively.

       2.19 Employee benefits
            (a)   Employee leave entitlements
                  Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to employees.
                  A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a result of services
                  rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

                  Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

            (b)   Retirement benefits
                  In accordance with the rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the PRC based
                  employees of the Group participate in various defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the
                  relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based
                  employees are required to make monthly contributions to these plans calculated at a percentage of the
                  employees’ salaries.

                  The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing
                  and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other than the monthly
                  contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and other post-retirement
                  benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from those of the Group in
                  independently administrated funds managed by the PRC government.

                  The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident
                  Fund Scheme Ordinance (“MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution
                  retirement scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution
                  requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income. The assets of this pension scheme are
                  held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.

                  The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are expensed as incurred.

66   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.20 Provision
        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
        is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
        estimated. Provisions are not recognised for further operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
        outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
        present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-
        tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
        increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

    2.21 Revenue recognition
        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of goods and provision
        of internet platform services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown, net of discounts and
        after eliminating sales with the Group companies. The Group recognises revenue when control of the goods has
        transferred or services has been rendered in the accounting period for each of the Group’s activities, as described
        below.

        Sales of goods
        The Group manufactures and sells accessories for photographic and electrical products in wholesale market, and
        sells building furnishing materials in wholesale and retail market. Revenue from sales of goods are recognised when
        the products have been delivered to the customers.

        Provision of internet community services
        The Group provides an internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit furniture and home appliance products and
        another internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit building furnishing materials, and the users can access and
        purchase these products from the platform offered by suppliers. The Group is not the primary obligor, does not bear
        the inventory risk nor have the ability to establish the price. Upon successful sales, the Group will charge the suppliers
        a service fee based on the transactions amount. The suppliers are our customers as these suppliers are the primary
        obligor to provide goods and delivery service to the users and the performance obligation of the Group is to provide
        matching service for the suppliers. The platform service fee is determined as a percentage of the transaction amount
        achieved by using the Group’s platform and paid by suppliers as commission revenue. The Group acts as an agent
        in this transaction and recognises revenue when the matching service is completed.




                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               67
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.22 Earnings per share
            (a)   Basic earnings per share
                  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                  •     the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than
                        ordinary shares

                  •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for
                        bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

            (b)   Diluted earnings per share
                  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
                  account:

                  •     the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
                        shares, and

                  •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming
                        the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

       2.23 Interest income
            Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in net change in fair value of FVPL on these assets, see Note
            14 below.

            Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in the
            consolidated statement of comprehensive income as part of other income.

            Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
            management purposes.

            Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
            except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
            interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).

       2.24 Dividend income
            Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as other
            income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of pre-
            acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an investment. In this case,
            the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured at FVOCI. However, the investment may
            need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.




68   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.25 Leases
        Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership were not transferred to the Group as
        lessee were classified as operating leases (Note 31). Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives
        received from the lessor) were charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

        Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
        available for use by the Group.

        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
        net present value of the following lease payments:

        •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

        •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
              the commencement date

        •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

        •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

        •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
        liability.

        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
        determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
        being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
        value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

        •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
              to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

        •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by
              HengTen Networks Group Limited, which does not have recent third party financing, and

        •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g., term, country, currency and security.

        The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are
        not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or
        rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.




                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                   69
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 2     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

       2.25 Leases (Continued)
            Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
            the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
            each period.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

            •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

            •     any initial direct costs, and

            •     restoration costs.

            Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
            line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over
            the underlying asset’s useful life.

            Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis
            as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

       2.26 Dividend distribution
            Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
            discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting
            period.




70   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Financial risk management

    3.1 Financial risk factor
        The Group’s major financial instruments include cash and bank deposits, trade and other receivables, trade and other
        payables and borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks
        associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
        Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and
        effective manner.

        (a)   Foreign exchange risk
              Several subsidiaries of the Group have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the Group to
              foreign currency risk. In addition, certain trade and other receivables, bank balances, trade and other payables
              of the Group are denominated in HK$, United States dollars (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”) and RMB, currencies other
              than the functional currencies of respective group entities. The Group has not entered into forward exchange
              contract to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk.

              The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end of
              the reporting period are approximately as follows:

                                                      HK$ against         EUR against       RMB against
              As at 31 December 2020                        RMB                 HK$               HK$              Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

              Monetary assets
               — Trade and other receivables                       —                 42                  49            91
               — Cash and cash equivalents                         2                132                  28           162


                                                                    2               174                  77           253


              Monetary liabilities
               — Trade and other payables                          —                  —            (3,006)         (3,006)


                                                         HK$ against         EUR against       RMB against
              As at 31 December 2019                           RMB                 HK$               HK$             Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

              Monetary assets
               — Trade and other receivables                       —                 45                  87            132
               — Cash and cash equivalents                         2                130                  21            153


                                                                    2               175                108             285


              Monetary liabilities
               — Trade and other payables                          —                  —             (2,992)         (2,992)


                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              71
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 3     Financial risk management (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
            (a)   Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                  The functional current of the Company and certain subsidiaries is HK$ because their activities are principally
                  conducted in HK$. As at 31 December 2020, there are assets and liabilities of approximately
                  RMB633,770,000 (31 December 2019: approximately RMB706,513,000) and approximately
                  RMB634,000 (31 December 2019: approximately RMB32,000) denominated in US$. Under the Linked
                  Exchange Rate System in Hong Kong, HK$ is pegged to US$, management considers that there is no
                  significant foreign exchange risk with respect to US$.

                  As at 31 December 2020, if HK$ had strengthened/weakened by 5% against all foreign currencies, with all
                  other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the net assets as at
                  31 December 2020 would have been increased/decreased by approximately RMB138,000 (for the year
                  ended 31 December 2019: post-tax profit increased/decreased by approximately RMB136,000).

            (b)   Price risk
                  The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk in connection with the financial assets at FVOCI and certain
                  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group, which are traded in the market. The
                  Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the impact on the Group’s consolidated
                  financial statements. If the price of equity securities the Group invested had been 5% higher/lower, post-tax
                  profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB898,000 (for
                  the year ended 31 December 2019: post-tax profit increase/decrease approximately RMB166,000). Net
                  assets as at 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB 926,000 (31 December
                  2019: the net assets increased/decreased by approximately RMB197,000).

            (c)   Interest rate risk
                  The Group’s interest-bearing assets and liabilities are mainly cash and cash equivalents and borrowings. The
                  Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its long term borrowings. Borrowings
                  issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

                  The Group has not used any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.

            (d)   Credit risk
                  Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried at
                  amortised cost, at fair value through comprehensive income and at fair value through profit or loss and deposits
                  with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to wholesale and retail customers, including
                  outstanding receivables.

                  (i)   Risk management
                        As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss
                        to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying
                        amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                        position.




72   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
              (i)   Risk management (Continued)
                    The Group has significant concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At 31 December 2020, 39%
                    (31 December 2019: 20%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s five largest
                    customers which are sizable and reputable corporations. The directors of the Company consider these
                    counterparties with good credit worthiness based on their past repayment history. The directors closely
                    monitor the subsequent settlement of the customers. The Group does not grant long credit period to the
                    counterparties.

                     In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                     determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                     action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                     individual trade receivables at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses
                     are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the
                     Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                     Substantially all of the Group’s bank deposits are deposited with major financial institutions incorporated
                     in the PRC and Hong Kong, which management believes are of high credit quality without significant
                     credit risk.

              (ii)   Impairment of financial assets
                     The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
                     instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                     whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                     Trade receivables
                     The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                     lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade
                     receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

                     The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 36 months before
                     31 December 2020 and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The
                     historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic
                     factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the GDP
                     and the unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most relevant
                     factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              73
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 3     Financial risk management (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
            (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                        Trade receivables (Continued)
                        On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 was determined
                        as follows for trade receivables.

                                                                    Up to           Up to         Up to     More than
                                                                  60 days       120 days      180 days      180 days
                       31 December 2020            Current       past due        past due      past due      past due         Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

                       Expected loss rate              0.4%           2.5%           3.7%         21.6%         51.7%
                       Gross carrying amount         60,947          7,872          5,527        15,525         5,912         95,783
                       Loss allowance                   244            197            204         3,353         3,057          7,055



                                                                    Up to           Up to          Up to      More than
                                                              60 days past       120 days       180 days      180 days
                       31 December 2019               Current         due         past due       past due      past due          Total
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                       Expected loss rate                —             0.1%           2.7%         21.3%         51.0%
                       Gross carrying amount         45,466           2,606            520         1,502        10,170        60,264
                       Loss allowance                    —                3             14           320         5,185         5,522


                       Other financial assets at amortised cost
                       Other receivables, which mainly included lease receivables, deposit, receivables from disposal of
                       subsidiaries and amounts due from related parties, are measured at either 12-month expected credit
                       losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in
                       credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since
                       initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.




74   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
              (ii)  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                    For other receivables, the Group adopted a “three-stage” model for impairment based on changes in
                    credit quality since initial recognition as summarised below:

                                                                                               Basis for recognition of
                                           Group definition                                    expected credit loss
                   Category                of category                                         provision

                   Performing              Customers have a low risk of default and a          12 months expected losses.
                                            strong capacity to meet contractual cash             Where the expected lifetime
                                            flows                                                of an asset is less than 12
                                                                                                 months, expected losses are
                                                                                                 measured at its expected
                                                                                                 lifetime (Stage 1).

                   Underperforming         Receivables for which there is a significant        Lifetime expected losses (Stage 2).
                                             increase in credit risk; as significant
                                             increase in credit risk is presumed if interest
                                             and/or principal repayments are 365
                                             days past due

                   Non-performing          Interest and/or principal repayments are 730 Lifetime expected losses (Stage 3).
                                              days past due or it becomes probable a
                                              customer will enter bankruptcy

                   Write-off               There is no reasonable expectation of               Asset is written off
                                             recovery.

                   Other receivables have been assessed for impairment on a collective basis based on different credit risk
                   characteristics. Other receivables are categorised as follows for assessment purpose:

                   Group 1               Deposits in relation with lease contracts
                   Group 2               Receivables due from related parties
                   Group 3               Others




                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                 75
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 3     Financial risk management (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
            (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                        The Group has assessed that Group 1, Group 2 and Group 3 are on Stage 1 and measured at 12
                        months expected credit losses method, except for the credit-impaired receivable which moved to stage 3.

                       As of 31 December 2019 and 2020, the gross carrying amount and loss allowance of other receivables
                       in categories are as follows:

                                                           Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3
                                                        Gross                    Gross                    Gross
                                                     carrying          Loss    carrying        Loss    carrying          Loss
                                                     amount allowance          amount     allowance    amount     allowance
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000


                       As of 31 December 2020
                       Group 1                        14,898            (15)         —            —           —            —
                       Group 2                        25,137          (251)          —            —           —            —
                       Group 3                        27,309          (819)          —            —      1,200         (1,200)


                       Total                          67,344         (1,085)         —            —      1,200         (1,200)


                       As of 31 December 2019
                       Group 1                          5,905            —           —            —           —            —
                       Group 2                          6,806            —           —            —           —            —
                       Group 3                         43,242            —           —            —           —            —


                       Total                           55,953            —           —            —           —            —




76   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
              (ii)  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                    The loss allowance for trade and other receivables as at 31 December reconciles to the opening loss
                    allowance as follows:

                                                                             Trade            Other
                                                                       receivables      receivables            Total
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

                   Balance as at 1 January 2019                               7,934               —             7,934


                   Increase in loss allowance recognised
                      in profit or loss                                          68               —                 68
                   Receivables written off as uncollectible                    (771)              —               (771)
                   Unused amount reversed                                    (1,709)              —             (1,709)


                   Balance as at 31 December 2019                             5,522               —             5,522


                   Increase in loss allowance recognised
                      in profit or loss                                       4,111           2,285              6,396
                   Receivables written off as uncollectible                    (351)             —                (351)
                   Unused amount reversed                                    (2,227)             —              (2,227)


                   Balance as at 31 December 2020                             7,055           2,285             9,340




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         77
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 3     Financial risk management (Continued)

       3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
            (d)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                        Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
                        Debt investments at FVOCI are considered to be low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised
                        during the period was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses. Management considers ’low credit
                        risk’ for the instruments that the issuer has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations
                        in the near term.

                          Cash and cash equivalents
                          Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified
                          impairment loss was immaterial.

            (e)   Liquidity risk
                  Management aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents or have available funding through an
                  adequate amount of available financing, including proceeds from advance receipts and long-term borrowings
                  to meet its operating demands.

                  The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
                  on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in
                  the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                  Less than      Between       Between
                                                                     1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years                   Total
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000

                  At 31 December 2020
                  Trade payables (Note 20)                          8,116              —                    —             8,116
                  Other payables* (Note 21)                        53,553              —                    —            53,553
                  Lease liabilities (Note 7)                        5,584          3,740                9,122            18,446


                  Total                                            67,253          3,740                9,122            80,115


                  At 31 December 2019
                  Borrowings                                        54,728             —                    —            54,728
                  Trade payables (Note 20)                          15,554             —                    —            15,554
                  Other payables* (Note 21)                        280,977             —                    —           280,977
                  Lease liabilities (Note 7)                        14,138          5,888                  911           20,937


                  Total                                            365,397          5,888                  911          372,196


                  *       Excluding provisions for other taxes.




78   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    3.2 Capital risk management
        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
        owners, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
        in order to provide returns for equity owners and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
        structure to reduce the cost of capital.

        Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
        calculated as total borrowings divided by total assets, as shown in the consolidated statements of financial position.
        Total borrowings includes borrowings and obligations under finance leases.

        The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

        Total borrowings and lease liabilities                                                 16,738               73,696
        Total assets                                                                        1,273,241            1,537,805


        Gearing ratio                                                                                 1%                  5%


    3.3 Fair value estimation
        (a)   Financial assets and liabilities
              (i)  Fair value hierarchy
                   The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognised at fair value at 31
                   December 2020 and 31 December 2019 on a recurring basis:

                                                                                              Level 1               Level 1
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                2020                 2019

                    Financial assets
                    Financial assets at FVPL (Note 14)                                          17,967                 3,311
                    Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                                            553                   631


                    Total financial assets                                                      18,520                 3,942


                    The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted (unadjusted) market
                    prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted marked price used for financial assets held by the
                    Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               79
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 3     Financial risk management (Continued)

       3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
             (a)   Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
                   (i)  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                        There were no transfers between levels 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the periods.

                         There were no other changes in valuation techniques during the periods.

                         The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount:

                         •     Trade and other receivables

                         •     Cash and cash equivalents

                         •     Borrowings

                         •     Trade and other payables

                         •     Obligations under finance leases



 4     Critical accounting estimates and judgements

       Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are evaluated and based on historical
       experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
       circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
       by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that may have a significant effect on
       the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

       (a) Impairment of trade and other receivables
             The Group makes allowances on receivables based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates.
             The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
             on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
             reporting period.

             Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying amount of trade
             and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such estimate has been changed. Details
             of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 3.1.




80   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

    (b) Tax provisions
        The Group is subject to turnover and income taxes in the PRC and Hong Kong. Significant judgement is required in
        determining the tax provision. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
        is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. At the end of each reporting period, the Group reassess the
        provision for turnover and income taxes based on the reported financial results and the estimates of whether
        additional taxes will be due or any taxes are over or under provided. However where the final tax outcome of these
        matters is different from the provision amounts that were initially recorded by the Group, such difference will impact
        the provision in the year in which such determination is made.

    (c) Determination of the lease term
        In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive
        to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination
        options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).

        For leases of warehouses, plants and cars, the following factors are normally the most relevant:

        •     If there are significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend (or
              not terminate).

        •     If any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Group is typically
              reasonably certain to extend (or not terminate).

        •     Otherwise, the Group considers other factors including historical lease durations and the costs and business
              disruption required to replace the leased asset.

        •     Most extension options in offices and vehicles leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the
              Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption.

        As at 31 December 2020, potential future cash outflows of nil (undiscounted) have not been included in the lease
        liability because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).

        The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes obliged to
        exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant
        change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that is within the control of the lessee. During the
        current financial year, the financial effect of revising lease terms to reflect the effect of exercising extension and
        termination options was an increase in recognised lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of nil.




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                      81
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 5     Segment information

       (a) Description of segments and principal activities
            The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) of the Group has been identified as the executive directors of the
            Company who is responsible for reviewing the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
            resources. Management has determined the operating segments based on these reports. The Group is organised into
            two business segments: internet community and related businesses and manufacture and sales of accessories.

            The directors of the Company assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of segment
            results. Certain corporate expenses, other income, other gains and finance income — net are not included in the
            results for each operating segment.

       (b) Segment profit/(loss)
            The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the
            year ended 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                            Internet
                                                                         community        Manufacture
                                                                         and related      and sales of
                                                                          businesses       accessories      Consolidated
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

              Revenue                                                       185,470              44,644           230,114
              Timing of revenue recognition
                At a point                                                   71,038              44,644           115,682
                Over time                                                   114,432                   —           114,432
                                                                            185,470              44,644           230,114


              Segment profit/(loss)                                           31,100              (3,841)          27,259


              Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                       (13,598)
              Unallocated other income                                                                                  48
              Unallocated other gains                                                                                1,873
              Unallocated finance income-net                                                                           546


              Profit before income tax                                                                             16,128


              Depreciation                                                    12,200              1,515            13,715
              Amortisation                                                       894                  —               894




82   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Segment information (Continued)

    (b) Segment profit/(loss) (Continued)
        The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the
        year ended 31 December 2019 are as follows:

                                                                           Internet
                                                                        community        Manufacture
                                                                       and related       and sales of
                                                                        businesses        accessories   C onsolid a ted
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

         Revenue                                                         278,269             59,031         337, 300
         Timing of revenue recognition
           At a point                                                     59,502             59,031         118, 533
           Over time                                                     218,767                 —          218, 767
                                                                         278,269             59,031         337, 300


         Segment profit                                                   84,925              1,816           86, 741


         Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                        (8, 169)
         Unallocated other income                                                                                   44
         Unallocated other gains                                                                              20, 649
         Unallocated finance income-net                                                                         9, 849


         Profit before income tax                                                                           109, 114


         Depreciation                                                     19,692              1,592            21,284
         Amortisation                                                      3,848                 —              3,848




                                                           Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            83
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 5     Segment information (Continued)

       (c) Segment assets and liabilities
            Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                          Internet
                                                                       community      Manufacture
                                                                       and related    and sales of
                                                                        businesses     accessories   Consolidated
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

            ASSETS
            Segment assets                                                 205,816         13,293        219,109


            Unallocated other receivables and prepayments                                                  1,240
            FVOCI                                                                                            553
            FVPL                                                                                          17,967
            Deferred tax assets                                                                            3,280
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  1,031,092


            Consolidated total assets                                                                  1,273,241


            LIABILITIES
            Segment liabilities                                              75,434         8,354         83,788


            Unallocated other payables                                                                     5,365
            Current income tax liabilities                                                                   920


            Consolidated total liabilities                                                                90,073




84   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Segment information (Continued)

    (c) Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
        Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:

                                                                              Internet
                                                                           community         Manufacture
                                                                          and related        and sales of
                                                                           businesses         accessories      Consolidated
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

        ASSETS
        Segment assets                                                      159,564              18,117            177,681


        Unallocated other receivables and prepayments                                                               33,615
        Unallocated right-of-use assets                                                                              1,971
        FVOCI                                                                                                          631
        FVPL                                                                                                         3,311
        Deferred tax assets                                                                                          7,295
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                1,313,301


        Consolidated total assets                                                                                1,537,805


        LIABILITIES
        Segment liabilities                                                 321,066              10,199            331,265


        Unallocated other payables                                                                                    4,796
        Unallocated borrowings                                                                                       53,571
        Unallocated lease liabilities                                                                                 1,990
        Current income tax liabilities                                                                                4,632


        Consolidated total liabilities                                                                             396,254


        For the purpose of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

        •     all assets are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain other receivables and
              prepayments, certain right-of-use assets, financial assets at FVOCI, financial assets at FVPL, deferred tax assets
              and cash and cash equivalents; and

        •     all liabilities are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain other payables, certain
              borrowings, certain lease liabilities, current income tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              85
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 5     Segment information (Continued)

       (d) Geographical information
            The Group’s operations are located in the PRC and Hong Kong for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the location at which the goods
            or services are delivered or provided.

            The Group’s total revenue from sales of goods and provision of services by geographical location is detailed below:

                                                                                            Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

            PRC                                                                                  193,009              287,160
            Europe                                                                                17,691               19,386
            Hong Kong                                                                             14,030               21,779
            Others                                                                                 5,384                8,975


                                                                                                 230,114              337,300


            The Group’s non-current assets excluding financial assets at FVOCI and deferred tax assets by geographical location
            of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

            PRC                                                                                    32,744              31,148
            Hong Kong                                                                               2,313               5,706


                                                                                                   35,057              36,854




86   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   Segment information (Continued)

    (e) Liabilities related to contracts with customers
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2020                  2019
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

        Contract liabilities — Internet community and related businesses                           4,196              18,143


        Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
        The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-
        forward contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in a prior year.

                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2020                  2019
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

        Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
          at the beginning of the period
          — Internet community and related businesses                                            18,143               51,323


        Unsatisfied performance obligations
        For the Group, they are rendered in short period of time, which is generally less than a year, and the Group has
        elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these types of contracts.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                 87
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 6     Property, plant and equipment

                                                                               Furniture,
                                                        Leasehold Plant and fixtures and  Network         Motor
                                          Buildings improvements machinery    equipment equipment       vehicles      Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000   RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

       Year ended
          31 December 2019
       Opening net book amount                  —            272       256        1,930      12,130          48      14,636
       Additions                                —              —         18         775       1,280      11,828      13,901
       Currency translation differences         —            133         22            8          (1)       207         369
       Transfers                                —              —         —            —          —          510         510
       Disposals                                —           (132)         (1)        (11)        —           —         (144)
       Depreciation (Note 22)                   —             (99)      (74)       (725)    (10,151)       (766)    (11,815)


       Closing net book amount                  —           174        221        1,977       3,258      11,827      17,457


       At 31 December 2019
       Cost                                     —          1,579      2,474        4,699     49,173      14,437      72,362
       Accumulated depreciation                 —         (1,405)    (2,253)      (2,722)   (45,915)      (2,610)   (54,905)


       Net book amount                          —           174        221        1,977       3,258      11,827      17,457


       Year ended 31 December
          2020
       Opening net book amount                  —            174       221        1,977       3,258     11,827      17,457
       Additions                                —             84     1,147        1,512           —          —       2,743
       Currency translation differences         —             (6)        1           (7)          —       (508)       (520)
       Disposals                                —              —         —          (10)          —          —         (10)
       Depreciation (Note 22)                   —           (100)      (69)        (926)     (2,066)    (3,171)     (6,332)


       Closing net book amount                  —           152      1,300        2,546      1,192        8,148     13,338


       At 31 December 2020
       Cost                                     —          1,636      3,602       6,045      49,174     13,600       74,057
       Accumulated depreciation                 —         (1,484)    (2,302)     (3,499)    (47,982)    (5,452)     (60,719)


       Net book amount                          —           152      1,300        2,546      1,192        8,148     13,338




88   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

    Depreciation charge of the Group was included in the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
    income:

                                                                                         Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

    Administrative expenses                                                                      4,388               1,638
    Cost of sales                                                                                1,655               8,311
    Selling and marketing expenses                                                                 289                 151
    Other expenses                                                                                   —               1,715


                                                                                                 6,332             11,815



7   Lease

    This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

    (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
          The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

          Right-of-use assets
          Warehouses                                                                               50              10,970
          Property, plant and equipments                                                       12,902               5,394


                                                                                               12,952              16,364


          Lease liabilities
          Current                                                                               4,927              13,471
          Non-current                                                                          11,811               6,654


                                                                                               16,738              20,125


          Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2020 were RMB13,341,000 (2019:
          RMB3,309,000).



                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         89
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 7     Lease (Continued)

       (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                            Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2020                 2019
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
            Warehouses                                                                              4,126               8,180
            Property, plant and equipments                                                          4,190               1,808


                                                                                                    8,316               9,988


            Interest expense (included in finance cost)                                             1,114               1,172
            Expense relating to short-term leases (included in selling and
               marketing costs and administrative expenses)                                         2,000               2,699


            The total cash outflow for leases in 2020 was RMB14,008,000 (2019: RMB15,855,000).

       (c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
            The Group leases various warehouses, property, plant and equipments for long-term contracts. Rental contracts are
            typically made for fixed periods of 2 to 5 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a
            wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets
            may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

       (d) Extension and termination options
            Extension and termination options are included in a number of property, plant and equipments leases across the
            Group. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
            operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the
            respective lessor.




90   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8   Intangible assets

                                                   Acquired       Capitalised
                                                    internet    development
                                                   platform             costs          Patent             Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

    Year ended 31 December 2019
    Opening net book amount                              811             3,368           2,598             6,777
    Amortisation charge (Note 22)                       (634)           (2,947)           (267)           (3,848)


    Closing net book amount                              177              421            2,331            2,929


    At 31 December 2019
    Cost                                               2,277           10,610            2,668           15,555
    Accumulated amortisation                          (2,100)         (10,189)            (337)         (12,626)


    Net book amount                                      177              421            2,331            2,929


    Year ended 31 December 2020
    Opening net book amount                              177              421            2,331            2,929
    Additions                                            100                —               37              137
    Amortisation charge (Note 22)                       (204)            (421)            (269)            (894)


    Closing net book amount                               73                —            2,099            2,172


    At 31 December 2020
    Cost                                               2,377          10,610             2,705          15,692
    Accumulated amortisation                          (2,304)        (10,610)             (606)        (13,520)


    Net book amount                                       73                —            2,099            2,172


    Amortisation of approximately RMB625,000 and RMB269,000 were included in “cost of sales” and “administrative
    expenses” (2019: approximately RMB3,581,000 and RMB267,000 were included in “cost of sales” and “administrative
    expenses”) respectively in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 22).




                                                         Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        91
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 9     Inventories

                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

       Raw materials                                                                          566               431
       Work in progress                                                                       100               124
       Finished goods — at cost                                                             1,036             2,862
       Finished goods — at fair value less cost to sell                                     7,138            26,900


                                                                                            8,840            30,317


       (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to approximately
             RMB80,238,000 (year ended 31 December 2019: approximately RMB92,001,000). These were included in cost
             of sales.

             Write-down of inventories to net realisable value amounted to approximately RMB444,000 (year ended 31
             December 2019: approximately RMB4,266,000). These were recognised as an expense during the year ended 31
             December 2020 and included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

             The Group reversed write-down of inventories of approximately RMB6,594,000 during the year ended 31
             December 2020 (year ended 31 December 2019: approximately RMB17,000).




92   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




10 Financial instruments by category

   The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                                    2020              2019
   Financial assets                                                                  Notes       RMB’000           RMB’000

   Financial assets at amortised cost
     Trade and other receivables                                                      13          154,987           110,695
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                        15        1,031,092         1,313,301
   Financial assets at FVOCI
     Investment in unlisted unit trusts                                               11               553              631
   Financial assets at FVPL
     Equity investments in listed companies                                           14           17,967             3,311


                                                                                                1,204,599         1,427,938


                                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                                    2020              2019
   Financial liabilities                                                             Notes       RMB’000           RMB’000

   Liabilities at amortised cost
     Borrowings                                                                       18                —           53,571
     Trade payables                                                                   20            8,116           15,554
     Other payables*                                                                  21           45,302          260,984
   Lease liabilities                                                                  7            16,738           20,125


                                                                                                   70,156          350,234


   *     Excluding accrued expenses and provisions for other taxes.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED     93
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 11 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
    income (FVOCI)

                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

       Unlisted unit trusts                                                                                   553                  631


       Unlisted unit trusts represent investment in funds in the United States. The unlisted unit trust where the contractual cash flows
       are solely principal and interest and the objective of the Group’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual
       cash flows and selling financial assets.

       (a) Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
              During the year, the following (losses)/gains were recognised in other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                  Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

              (Losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 17)                               (43)                  31
              Currency translation difference relate to the debt investment recognised
                 in other comprehensive income (Note 17)                                                      (35)                  11


                                                                                                              (78)                  42



  12 Other current assets

                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

       Prepayments                                                                                       25,428                32,393
       Deductible input value-added tax                                                                   2,632                 3,112


                                                                                                         28,060                35,505
       Less non-current portion: prepayments (a)                                                         (6,595)                 (104)


       Current portion                                                                                   21,465                35,401


       (a)    Non-current portion of prepayments represents the prepayments for the decoration of right-of-use assets.



94   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




13 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                            2020            2019
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

   Trade receivables — gross
     — Third parties                                                                     95,783            60,264
   Less: allowance for doubtful debts                                                    (7,055)            (5,522)


   Trade receivables — net                                                               88,728            54,742


   Other receivables due from
     — Related parties (Note 32(d))                                                      25,137             6,806
     — Other third parties                                                               43,407            17,326
     — Disposal of subsidiaries                                                               —            31,821
   Less: allowance for doubtful debts                                                    (2,285)               —


   Other receivables — net                                                               66,259            55,953


   Total trade and other receivables                                                    154,987          110,695


   (a)   Trade and other receivables were denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                            2020            2019
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

         — RMB                                                                          158,884            76,903
         — US$                                                                            5,032             6,960
         — HK$                                                                              369            32,310
         — EUR                                                                               42                44


                                                                                        164,327          116,217




                                                            Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   95
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 13 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

       (b)   Trade receivables mainly arose from manufacture and sales of accessories and internet platform services. The Group
             allows an average credit period ranging from 60 to 150 days to its trade customers. The following is an ageing
             analysis of trade receivables net of allowances for doubtful debts, based on the invoice date which approximates the
             revenue recognition date at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2020                  2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

             Within 60 days                                                                             60,855               47,018
             61 days to 180 days                                                                         8,305                1,363
             Over 181 days                                                                              19,568                6,361


                                                                                                        88,728               54,742


       (c) Fair values of trade and other receivables
             Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amounts are considered to be the same as their
             fair values.

       (d) Impairment and risk exposure
             Information about the impairment of trade and other receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk, foreign
             currency risk and interest rate risk can be found in Note 3.1.



 14 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2020                  2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

       Held-for-trading investments                                                                     17,967                 3,311


       As at 31 December 2020, held-for-trading investments represented the Group’s equity investments in limited partnership
       and certain Hong Kong listed companies, which were quoted in the Stock Exchange.

       The fair value of all equity securities is based on their current bid prices in an active market and the fair values are within
       level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 3.3).




96   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




14 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)

   (i)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss
         During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income:

                                                                                         Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

         Fair value gains/(losses) on equity investments at FVPL recognised in
           net change in fair value of FVPL (Note 26)                                            1,665                (149)



15 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

   Cash at bank and in hand:
    — HK$                                                                                     88,045               43,241
    — RMB                                                                                    314,177              570,377
    — US$                                                                                    628,738              699,552
    — Other currencies                                                                           132                  131


                                                                                           1,031,092           1,313,301



16 Share capital and share premium

   Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

                                                                         Number of
                                                                          ordinary              Share              Share
                                                                            shares             capital          premium
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

   At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                           74,611,669,087            150,172          4,454,940


   Issue of new shares upon exercises of New Warrants                 6,191,496,938             11,056             56,207


   At 31 December 2020                                              80,803,166,025            161,228          4,511,147




                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          97
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




 17 Other reserves

                                                                                   Financial                                                                      Enterprise
                                                                Warrants             assets at        Special        Translation       Statutory        Reserve   expansion
                                                                    reserve           FVOCI            reserve          reserve          reserve           fund     reserve       Total
                                                     Note      RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                        (a)


       Balance at 1 January 2019                                     (168)              (254)         18,888           13,914           28,913           1,153       1,152      63,598
       Changes in the fair value of debt
          intruments at FVOCI                                           —                 31               —                11               —              —            —          42
       Currency translation difference                                  —                  —               —           10,366                —              —            —      10,366
       Transfer to statutory reserves                 (b)               —                  —               —                 —           6,884              —            —       6,884


       Balance at 31 December 2019                                   (168)              (223)         18,888           24,291           35,797           1,153       1,152      80,890


                                                                Financial                                               Enterprise
                                                      Warrants assets at  Special Capital Translation Statutory Reserve expansion
                                                       reserve     FVOCI  reserve Surplus    reserve    reserve    fund   reserve  Total
                                              Note    RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                            (a)

       Balance at 1 January 2020                            (168)         (223)          18,888                  —        24,291          35,797          1,153       1,152     80,890
       Changes in the fair value of debt
           intruments at FVOCI                                —               (43)               —               —           (35)                  —          —            —        (78)
       Currency translation difference                        —                 —                —               —       (47,223)                  —          —            —    (47,223)
       Deemed contribution from China
           Evergrande Group                    (c)            —                —                 —        9,471                    —               —          —            —     9,471
       Issue of new shares upon exercise of
           New Warrant                                      162                —                 —               —                 —           —              —            —       162
       Transfer to statutory reserves         (b)             —                —                 —               —                 —       3,253              —            —     3,253
       Transfer to accumulated losses upon
           expiry of New Warrants                              6               —                 —               —                 —               —          —            —          6


       Balance at 31 December 2020                            —           (266)          18,888           9,471          (22,967)         39,050          1,153       1,152     46,481




98   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17 Other reserves (Continued)

   (a) New Warrants
                                                                                            Number of               Warrants
                                                                                          New Warrants              reserves
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

         At 31 December 2019                                                               6,417,899,910                   (168)
         Issue of new share upon exercise of New Warrants                                 (6,191,496,938)                   162
         Expire on 25 October 2020                                                          (226,402,972)                     6


         At 31 December 2020                                                                              —                   —


         During the year ended 31 December 2020, 6,191,496,938 New Warrants had been exercised by the holders
         thereof and 6,191,496,938 ordinary shares were issued and allotted by the Company to these holders. The Group
         received gross proceeds of approximately RMB67,425,000 from such exercise of the New Warrents,among which
         approximately RMB11,056,000 recognised in share capital, approximately RMB56,207,000 recognised in share
         premium and approximately RMB162,000 recognised in Warrents reserves.

   (b)   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and the provision of the articles of association of the Group’s
         subsidiaries, the Group’s subsidiaries which are registered in the PRC shall appropriate certain percentage of profit
         after tax (after offsetting any accumulated losses brought forward from prior years) calculated under the accounting
         principles generally applicable to the PRC enterprises to reserve funds. Depending on the natures, the reserve fund
         can be used to set off accumulated losses of the subsidiaries or distribute to owners in form of bonus issue.


   (c)   The amount represented the director’s remuneration and rental expenses born by the group entities, which was
         deemed as capital contribution by China Evergrande Group.




18 Borrowings

                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

   Borrowings included in current liabilities:
     Other borrowings — unsecured                                                                         —             53,571


   The unsecured other borrowings denominated in HK$ and granted from independent third parties carry fixed interest rate at
   5% per annum. The other borrowings have been repayed in 2020.




                                                               Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              99
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  19 Deferred income tax

                                                                            31 December   31 December
                                                                                   2020         2019
                                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000

        Deferred tax assets (a)
          — Deferred tax asset to be recovered over 12 months                     3,280        1,542
          — Deferred tax asset to be recovered within 12 months                       —        5,753


                                                                                  3,280        7,295


        (a) Deferred tax assets
                                                                            31 December   31 December
                                                                                   2020         2019
                                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000

             The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
               — Tax losses of the subsidiaries in the PRC                            —        5,753
               — Loss allowance for trade and other receivables                     968           47
               — Amortisation of intangible assets                                1,215        1,359
               — Temporary difference of right-of-use assets                      1,097          136


                                                                                  3,280        7,295




100   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19 Deferred income tax (Continued)

   (a) Deferred tax assets (Continued)
                                                                Loss
                                                        allowance                                       Temporary
                                                          for trade    Amortisation                   difference of
                                                         and other     of intangible Write-down of      right-of-use
       Movement                        Tax losses      receivables            assets    inventories           assets        Total
                                       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

       At 1 January 2019                 16,226             1,755             991           1,215                 8      20,195
       (Charged)/credited to the
         consolidated statement of
         comprehensive income           (10,473)            (1,708)           368          (1,215)            128        (12,900)


       At 31 December 2019                5,753                 47           1,359              —             136         7,295


                                                                       Loss
                                                                allowance                         Temporary
                                                                 for trade Amortisation            difference
                                                                and other of intangible           of right-of-
       Movement                             Tax losses         receivables       assets            use assets             Total
                                             RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000

       At 1 January 2020                            5,753               47            1,359                136           7,295
       (Charged)/credited to the
         consolidated statement of
         comprehensive income                   (5,753)                921              (144)              961           (4,015)


       At 31 December 2020                             —               968            1,215             1,097            3,280


       Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related
       benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of approximately
       RMB625,450,000 (31 December 2019: approximately RMB662,324,000 ) in respect of tax losses amounting to
       RMB3,996,963,000 (31 December 2019: RMB3,912,040,000 ) in certain subsidiaries as the future profit streams
       of these subsidiaries are uncertain. Tax losses of approximately RMB59,315,000 (31 December 2019:
       approximately RMB61,389,000 ) arising from the PRC subsidiaries will expire in various dates up to 2025 (31
       December 2019: 2024). Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

       Deferred income tax liabilities of RMB12,260,000 (31 December 2019: RMB13,345,000 ) have not been
       recognised for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain
       subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted earnings totaled RMB245,204,000 at 31
       December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB266,895,000 ).




                                                                Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                 101
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  20 Trade payables

                                                                                             31 December   31 December
                                                                                                    2020         2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000

        Trade payables                                                                             8,116       15,554


        Trade payables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                             31 December   31 December
                                                                                                    2020         2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000

        — RMB                                                                                      7,578       14,278
        — HK$                                                                                        472        1,244
        — US$                                                                                         66           32


                                                                                                   8,116       15,554


        The ageing analysis of trade payables of the Group based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                             31 December   31 December
                                                                                                    2020         2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000

        Within 60 days                                                                             4,858       12,472
        61 days to 150 days                                                                        2,916        1,993
        Over 151 days                                                                                342        1,089


                                                                                                   8,116       15,554


        The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.




102   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 Other payables

                                                                                                           31 December                31 December
                                                                                                                  2020                      2019
                                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000

   Other payables (i)                                                                                               44,995                  260,439
   Accrued expenses                                                                                                  8,251                   19,993
   Provisions for other taxes                                                                                        6,550                    3,252
   Amount due to related parties (Note 32(d))                                                                          307                      545


                                                                                                                    60,103                  284,229


   (i)   Majority of other payables represented the proceeds received by the Group on behalf of the household products suppliers and building furnishing
         materials suppliers.


   Other payables and accruals were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                           31 December                31 December
                                                                                                                  2020                      2019
                                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000

   — RMB                                                                                                            57,650                  280,101
   — HK$                                                                                                             2,408                    4,128
   — US$                                                                                                                45                       —


                                                                                                                    60,103                  284,229




                                                                         Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                               103
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  22 Expenses by nature

        Major expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs, administrative expenses and other expense are
        analysed as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

        Cost of inventories sold                                                                86,388             87,752
        Staff costs (Note 23)                                                                   85,567            108,736
        Rental expense                                                                           4,260              4,662
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                   6,332             11,815
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                             8,316              9,988
        Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                 894              3,848
        Research and development expenses                                                        7,307              4,861
        Software service fee                                                                     7,892              1,018
        Advertising and promotion costs                                                          9,592              8,212
        Travelling expense                                                                       5,025              6,936
        Legal and professional fees                                                              3,507              3,622
        Auditors’ remunerations
          — Audit services                                                                        2,600               2,600
          — Non-audit services                                                                    3,826                 900
        Reversal of provisions and other payables (a)                                                 —              (5,337)
        (Net reversal of write-down)/write-down of inventories                                   (6,150)              4,249


        (a)   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group assessed on the provisions for other taxes and surcharges.
              Management considered provisions of approximately RMB nill (for the year ended 31 December 2019:
              approximately RMB5,337,000) were not necessary and determined to reverse the provisions during the year.




104   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




23 Staff costs — including directors’ emoluments

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

   Wages and salaries                                                                         74,561              92,987
   Pension costs — statutory pension (b)                                                       1,183               6,516
   Staff welfare                                                                               7,871               6,389
   Medical benefits                                                                            1,952               2,844


                                                                                              85,567             108,736


   (a) Five highest paid individuals
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, nil of the five highest paid individuals are directors (for the year ended
         31 December 2019: one). The emoluments of the remaining five (for the year ended 31 December 2019: four)
         individual employees were as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

         Salaries and other benefits                                                            6,836               6,004
         Bonuses                                                                                  134                 484
         Retirement scheme contributions                                                           23                  78


                                                                                                6,993               6,566


         The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                             No. of employees
                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2020                 2019

         HK$500,000 to HK$1,000,000                                                                  2                  —
         HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                2                  3
         HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                —                  —
         HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                1                  1
         HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                —                  —


                                                                                                      5                  4


                                                            Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           105
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  23 Staff costs — including directors’ emoluments (Continued)

        (b) Pensions — defined contribution plans
             Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
             administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which
             are calculated on certain percentage of the average employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to
             the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

             The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the MPF Scheme for all
             employees in Hong Kong. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution
             requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income.

             Details of the retirement scheme contributions for the employees, which have been dealt with in the consolidated
             statement of comprehensive incomes of the Group, are as follows:

                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                          31 December           31 December
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

             Gross scheme contributions                                                            1,183               6,516



   24 Other income

                                                                                           Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                          31 December           31 December
                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

        Subleasing income                                                                          8,069               2,125
        Income from network equipment usage and maintenance service (Note 32(b))                   7,327               7,327
        Government grant                                                                           2,429                 450
        Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                                40                  44
        Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                                  8                  —
        Sundry income                                                                                579                 378


                                                                                                  18,452              10,324




106   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25 Other expenses

                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

   Subleasing expenses                                                                      2,928            1,774
   Cost of network equipment usage and maintenance service                                      —            1,715


                                                                                            2,928            3,489



26 Other gains — net

                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

   Penalty income                                                                           2,948               —
   Net change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL                                     1,665             (149)
   Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                                        —           20,802
   Net (losses)/gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             (6)              16
   Sundry gains                                                                               567              446


                                                                                            5,174           21,115




                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   107
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  27 Finance income — net

                                                                Year ended     Year ended
                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                      2020          2019
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

        Finance costs:
           — Interests expenses on borrowings                       (1,156)        (2,632)
           — Interests expenses on lease liabilities                (1,114)        (1,172)


                                                                    (2,270)        (3,804)


        Finance income:
           — Interest income on saving deposits                    13,218         26,643


        Finance income-net                                         10,948         22,839



  28 Income tax expenses

                                                                Year ended     Year ended
                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                      2020          2019
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

        Current income tax
         — Provision for the year                                   (2,364)        (8,121)
         — Adjustments for current income tax of prior years         2,273          3,980


        Total current income tax expense                               (91)        (4,141)

        Deferred income tax                                         (4,015)       (12,900)


        Income tax expenses                                         (4,106)       (17,041)




108   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28 Income tax expenses (Continued)

   The income tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
   enacted tax rate of the home country of the group entities as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2020                  2019
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

   Profit before income tax                                                                      16,128             109,114

   Tax calculated at the tax rates applicable to profits/(losses) in
      the respective jurisdictions                                                                5,439              20,725
   Adjustments for current income tax of prior years                                             (2,273)              (3,980)
   Adjustments for previously recognised tax losses and timing differences                         (231)              (7,569)
   Income not subject to tax                                                                       (207)              (4,930)
   Tax losses and temporary differences for which no deferred income tax asset
      was recognised                                                                              2,549              13,613
   Reversal of provisions and other payables not subject to tax                                       —               (1,343)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                       1,753                  721
   Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                           (1,065)                (196)
   Utilisation of temporary differences previously not recognised                                (1,859)                  —


                                                                                                  4,106              17,041


   Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the year, based on the existing
   legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided for during the
   year ended 31 December 2020 (year ended 31 December 2019: nil).

   The income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the applicable tax rate of
   25%, except for a subsidiary of the Group which is entitled to preferential tax rate applicable to advanced and new
   technology enterprises of 15% in 2020 (for the year ended 31 December 2019: 15%) on the estimated assessable profit
   for the year, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.




                                                              Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            109
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  29 Earnings per share

        (a) Basic
             Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
             average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                                   2020                  2019

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                 12,022              90,065


             Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                  80,613,994           80,571,604


             Basic earnings per share (RMB fen per share) for the year                              0.0149              0.1118


             The weighted average number of ordinary shares adopted in the calculation of basic earnings per share for the years
             ended 2020 and 2019 have been adjusted for the impact of the bonus element implicit in the discount for the new
             shares and the new warrants issued by the Company on 26 October 2015.

        (b) Diluted
             Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
             assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has one category of dilutive potential
             ordinary shares: share warrants. The number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the
             share warrants less the number of shares that could have been issued at fair value (determined as the average market
             price per share for the year) for the same total proceeds is the number of shares issued for no consideration. The
             resulting number of shares issued for no consideration is included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares
             as the denominator for calculating diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                                   2020                  2019

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                 12,022              90,065


             Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                  80,613,994           80,571,604
             Adjustments for:
               — Share warrants (thousands)                                                                —                  —


             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings
              per share (thousands)                                                           80,613,994           80,571,604


             Diluted earnings per share (RMB fen per share) for the year                            0.0149              0.1118


110   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29 Earnings per share (Continued)

   (b) Diluted (Continued)
       The computation of 2020 diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share warrants
       since all of the share warrants has been exercised during the year ended 31 December 2020.

       The computation of 2019 diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share warrants
       since the exercise price was higher than the average market price of the shares during the year ended 31 December
       2019.



30 Cash flow information

   (a) Cash (used in)/generated from operations
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

       Profit before income tax                                                             16,128            109,114

       Adjustments for:
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                              6,332              11,815
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                        8,316               9,988
         Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)                                            894               3,848
         Net change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL (Note 14)                     (1,665)                149
         Net impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) on financial assets
            (Note 3.1(d))                                                                    4,169               (1,641)
         Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL (Note 24)                                (8)                   —
         Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI (Note 24)                              (40)                  (44)
         Net losses/(gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 26)               6                   (16)
         Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 26)                                         —             (20,802)
         Finance income — net (Note 27)                                                    (10,948)            (22,839)

       Changes in working capital:
        Inventories                                                                        21,477               12,802
        Trade receivables                                                                 (49,079)              11,918
        Other receivables and prepayments                                                  13,936              (21,838)
        Trade payables                                                                     (7,438)               (9,111)
        Contract liabilities                                                              (13,947)             (33,180)
        Other payables                                                                   (231,128)              66,418


       Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                          (242,995)            116,581




                                                          Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              111
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  30 Cash flow information (Continued)

        (b) Net asset reconciliation
             This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods presented.

                                                                                                                                31 December                         31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020                               2019
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                            RMB’000

             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                1,031,092                        1,313,301
             Liquid investments (i)                                                                                                      17,967                              3,311
             Lease liabilities — repayable within one year                                                                               (4,927)                          (13,471)
             Lease liabilities — repayable after one year                                                                               (11,811)                            (6,654)
             Borrowings — repayable within one year                                                                                           —                           (53,571)


             Net asset                                                                                                                1,032,321                        1,242,916


             Cash and liquid investments                                                                                              1,049,059                        1,316,612
             Gross debt — fixed interest rates                                                                                          (16,738)                          (73,696)


             Net asset                                                                                                                1,032,321                        1,242,916


             (i)   Liquid investments comprise current investments that are traded in an active market, being the Group’s financial assets held at fair value through
                   profit or loss.


                                                         Other assets                                     Liabilities from financial activities

                                                                                      Lease         Lease         Finance          Finance
                                                                                   liabilities   liabilities        leases     leases due         Borrowings   Borrowings
                                                                        Liquid    due within     due after     due within              after      due within     due after
                                                        Cash    investments (i)      1 year        1 year          1 year           1 year            1 year       1 year       Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Net asset as at
                      1 January 2019               1,227,239                —      (11,400)      (17,479)               —                —               —       (52,632) 1,145,728
                   Cash flows                         72,913            3,462      11,193               —               —                —               —             —      87,568
                   Acquisition-leases                      —                —       (2,075)       (1,234)               —                —               —             —      (3,309)
                   Foreign exchange adjustments       13,149                (2)         755           115               —                —             (939)           —      13,078
                   Other non-cash movements                —             (149)     (11,944)       11,944                —                —          (52,632)     52,632         (149)


                   Net asset as at
                      31 December 2019             1,313,301            3,311      (13,471)       (6,654)               —                —          (53,571)           — 1,242,916




112   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30 Cash flow information (Continued)

   (b) Net asset reconciliation (Continued)
       (i)   (Continued)


                                                        Other assets                                    Liabilities from financial activities

                                                                                      Lease         Lease        Finance        Finance
                                                                                  liabilities   liabilities       leases          leases Borrowings Borrowings
                                                                        Liquid   due within     due after     due within      due after     due within     due after
                                                       Cash investments (i)         1 year        1 year          1 year         1 year          1 year      1 year        Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000


             Net asset as at
                 31 December 2019                 1,313,301             3,311      (13,471)       (6,654)              —              —         (53,571)          —    1,242,916
             Cash flows                            (238,183)           14,114        9,748              —              —              —          53,571           —     (160,750)
             Acquisition-leases                           —                 —       (2,242)      (11,099)              —              —              —            —      (13,341)
             Foreign exchange adjustments           (44,026)           (1,123)       5,381            183              —              —              —            —      (39,585)
             Other non-cash movements                     —             1,665       (4,343)*       5,759               —              —              —            —       3,081


             Net asset as at
                 31 December 2020                 1,031,092            17,967       (4,927)      (11,811)              —              —              —            —    1,032,321


             *            The other non-cash movements mainly included lease liabilities of RMB5,759,000 transferred from the non-current portion, net of lease
                          liabilities of RMB1,416,000 derecognised arising from the early termination of relevant lease contracts.




31 Commitments

   (a) Operating leases commitments
       The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                                             31 December                       31 December
                                                                                                                                    2020                             2019
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                          RMB’000

       Not later than one year                                                                                                                   403                     1,441




                                                                                   Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                                              113
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  32 Related party transactions

        The Group is controlled by China Evergrande Group (“Evergrande”), which owns indirectly 56% of the Company’s shares.
        Mount Yandang Investment Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited, owns approximately 19% of
        the shares and the remaining 25% of the shares are widely held. The ultimate holding company of the Company is
        Evergrande. The ultimate parent of the Group is Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The ultimate
        controlling party of the Group is Dr. Hui Ka Yan.

        In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, during the years ended 31 December 2020 and
        2019, the Group had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties, which are carried out in the
        normal course of the Group’s business:

        (a) Name and relationship with related parties
              Name                                                                Relationship

              Mascotte Investments Limited                                        A company in which a key management
                                                                                    personnel of the Group has controlling interest
              Evergrande                                                          Ultimate holding company
              Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.         A subsidiary of Evergrande
                (“恒大互聯網金融服務(深圳)有限公司”)
              Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                 A subsidiary of Evergrande
                (“廣州市佳穗置業有限公司”)
              Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                  A subsidiary of Evergrande
                (“恒大智慧科技(深圳)有限公司”)
              Shenzhen Evergrande Materials and Equipment Co., Ltd.               A subsidiary of Evergrande
                (“深圳恒大材料設備有限公司”)
              Evergrande Jinbi Property Management Co.,Ltd.                       A subsidiary of Evergrande
                (“金碧物業集團有限公司”)




114   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




32 Related party transactions (Continued)

   (b) Transactions with related parties
                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

       (i) Rental expenses:
           Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                              2,083            2,083
           Mascotte Investments Limited                                                     1,286            1,263


                                                                                            3,369            3,346


                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

       (ii) Property Management Expenses:
            Evergrande Jinbi Property Management Co.,Ltd.                                     403              403


                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

       (iii) Revenue from network equipment usage and
             maintenance service:
             Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                    7,327            7,327


   (c) Key management compensation
                                                                                     Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

       Key management compensation
         — Salaries and other employee benefits                                             3,686            3,867




                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   115
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  32 Related party transactions (Continued)

        (d) Balances with related parties
             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group had the following significant balances with related parties:

                                                                                                                   31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                          2020                       2019
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000

             Due from related parties:
               — Shenzhen Evergrande Materials and Equipment Co., Ltd. (i)                                                  11,964                         —
               — Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                 7,280                      2,070
               — Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (i)                                                      4,736                      4,736
               — Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                                                         1,157                         —


                                                                                                                            25,137                      6,806


                                                                                                                   31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                          2020                       2019
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000

             Due to related parties :
               — Evergrande Jinbi Property Management Co.,Ltd. (ii)                                                              307                        —
               — Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd. (ii)                                                                          —                       496
               — A key management personnel (iii)                                                                                  —                        49


                                                                                                                                 307                       545


             (i)     Amounts due from related parties mainly represented the payment of expenses on behalf of the related parties, which are unsecured, interest-
                     free and receivable on demand.


             (ii)    Amounts due to related parties mainly represented the property management fee payable, rental fee payable and payments of expenses by the
                     ultimate holding company on behalf of the Group, which are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


             (iii)   Amounts due to a key management personnel were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




116   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




33 Principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entities

   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entities of the Company as at 31 December
   2020:

                                                                                                                                                Proportion     Proportion
                                                        Place of                                                              Particulars of of ordinary      of ordinary
                                                        incorporation and                                                      issued share         shares    shares held
                                                        kind of legal     Principal activities and place of                capital and debt directly held          by the
   Name                                                 entity            operation                                                securities by parent (%)    Group (%)

   Power Wave Holdings Limited                          BVI                    Investment holding, BVI                                 US$1          100%           100%

   Mascotte Tak Ya (Dongguan) Leather Goods             The PRC, limited       Manufacture of accessories for                HK$10,400,000               —          100%
     Manufactory Limited                                   liability company    photographic, electrical and multimedia
     (“馬斯葛德雅(東莞)皮具製品有限公司”) (i)                                                  products, the PRC

   Mascotte Industrial Associates (Hong Kong) Limited   Hong Kong              Trading of accessories for photographic,               HK$2               —          100%
                                                                                 electrical and multimedia product, Hong
                                                                                 Kong

   Mascotte Dongguan Electrical Accessories Limited     The PRC, limited       Manufacture of accessories for                 HK$1,500,000               —          100%
     (“馬斯葛(東莞)電子配件有限公司”) (i)                               liability company    photographic, electrical and multimedia
                                                                                products, the PRC

   Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services                   The PRC, limited       Internet community services, the PRC          US$15,000,000               —          100%
      Co., Limited.                                        liability company
      (“深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司” ) (i)

   Shenzhen HengTen Networks Limited                    The PRC, limited       Internet community services, the PRC                      —               —          100%
      (“深圳市恒騰網絡有限公司”) (i)                                  liability company

   Shenzhen HengTen Building Materials E-commerce       The PRC, limited       Internet community service and related                    —               —          100%
      Co., Limited.                                        liability company      business, the PRC
      (“深圳市恒騰材料電子商務有限公司”) (i)

   Xingluo Technology Co., Limited.                     The PRC, limited       Internet community services, the PRC        RMB100,000,000                —          100%
      (“星絡科技有限公司”) (i)                                     liability company

   (i)      The names of the companies represent management’s best efforts of translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English names have been
            registered or available.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                                  117
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  34 Statement of financial position and reserve movement of
     the Company

                                                                                        31 December          31 December
                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                               Note         RMB’000             RMB’000

        ASSETS
        Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                                            75,008             79,696
        Right-of-use assets                                                                         —              1,971
        Deferred tax asset                                                                          —                  4

                                                                                               75,008             81,671

        Current assets
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                         67,204             70,572
        Other receivables and prepayments                                                      1,240              1,793
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                            688,583            734,364
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  5,416                 —

                                                                                             762,443            806,729

        Total assets                                                                         837,451            888,400

        EQUITY
        Capital and reserves attributable to owners of
          the Company
        Share capital                                                                        161,228             150,172
        Share premium                                                            (a)       4,511,147           4,454,940
        Other reserves                                                           (a)         (16,134)             35,683
        Accumulated losses                                                       (a)      (3,824,198)         (3,812,797)

        Total equity                                                                         832,043            827,998

        LIABILITIES
        Non-current liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                            —               751

        Current liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                           —              1,239
        Borrowings                                                                                  —             53,571
        Other payables and accruals                                                             5,408              4,841

        Total liabilities                                                                       5,408             60,402

        Total equity and liabilities                                                         837,451            888,400


        The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021 and was
        signed on its behalf.



        Xu Wen                                                  Huang Xiangui
        Director                                                Director


118   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




34 Statement of financial position and reserve movement of
   the Company (Continued)

   (a) Reserve movement of the Company
                                             Share   Warrants Contributed Translation Accumulated
                                          premium     reserve     surplus    Reserve        losses        Total
                                           RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

       At 1 January 2019                 4,454,940       (168)     63,481     (42,158)    (3,817,635)   658,460
       Profit for the year                      —          —           —           —           4,838      4,838
       Currency translation difference          —          —           —       14,528             —      14,528


       At 31 December 2019               4,454,940       (168)     63,481     (27,630)    (3,812,797)   677,826


       At 1 January 2020                 4,454,940       (168)    63,481     (27,630)    (3,812,797)    677,826
       Loss for the year                         —          —          —           —        (11,401)    (11,401)
       Issue of new shares upon
          exercise of New Warrants         56,207         162          —           —              —      56,369
       Expiry of New Warrants                   —           6          —           —              —           6
       Currency translation difference          —           —          —     (51,985)             —     (51,985)


       At 31 December 2020               4,511,147         —      63,481     (79,615)    (3,824,198)    670,815




                                                          Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED      119
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




  35 Benefits and interests of directors

        (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
             The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 is set out below:

                                                                                                               Other emoluments
                                                                                                             paid or receivable in
                                                                                                              respect of director’s
                                                                                                                  other services in
                                                                                                              connection with the
                                                                                                              management of the
                                                                     Allowances Contribution               affairs of the company
                                                      Discretionary and benefits to pension                       or its subsidiary
                                        Fees   Salary      bonuses       in kind    scheme                             undertaking   Total
                                     RMB’000 RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000                                RMB’000 RMB’000

             Xu Wen                      180           —              —               —              9                               —         189
             Chau Shing Yim, David       300           —              —               —              —                               —         300
             Nie Zhixin                  300           —              —               —              —                               —         300
             Chen Haiquan                300           —              —               —              —                               —         300
             Shi Zhuomin                 300           —              —               —              —                               —         300
             Huang Xiangui               180           —              —               —              9                               —         189
             Liu Yongzhuo(i)              88           —              —               —              4                               —          92
             Wan Chao(ii)                  —           —              —               —              —                               —           —
             Zhuo Yueqiang(iii)            —           —              —               —              —                               —           —


                                       1,648           —              —               —             22                               —       1,670


             The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out below:

                                                                                                                    Other emoluments
                                                                                                                paid or receivable in
                                                                                                                  respect of director’s
                                                                                                                       other services in
                                                                                                                  connection with the
                                                                                                                  management of the
                                                                             Allowances     Contribution       affairs of the company
                                                            Discretionary   and benefits     to pension                or its subsidiary
                                          Fees     Salary        bonuses          in kind       scheme                      undertaking        Total
                                      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000                         RMB’000      RMB’000

             Xu Wen                       180      3,942          7,486               —              9                               —      11,617
             Chau Shing Yim, David        300         —              —                —              —                               —         300
             Nie Zhixin                   300         —              —                —              —                               —         300
             Chen Haiquan                 300         —              —                —              —                               —         300
             Shi Zhuomin                  300         —              —                —              —                               —         300
             Huang Xiangui                180         —              —                —              9                               —         189
             Liu Yongzhuo                 180         —              —                —              9                               —         189
             Zhuo Yueqiang                 —          —              —                —              —                               —          —


                                        1,740      3,942          7,486               —              27                              —      13,195


             During the Year, no individual has held the position of chief executive in the Company.


120   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




35 Benefits and interests of directors (Continued)

   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
        (i)     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo has been resigned as an executive director and the chairman of the Board of the Company
                with effect from 26 June 2020.

        (ii)    Mr. Wan Chao has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 16 June 2020.

        (iii)   Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang has resigned as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 16 June 2020.

   (b) Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits
        None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits or termination benefits for the year ended 31
        December 2020 (for the year ended 31 December 2019: nil).

   (c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
        For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making
        available directors’ services (for the year ended 31 December 2019: nil).

   (d) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
       controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
        For the year ended 31 December 2020, there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors,
        their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (for the year ended 31 December 2019: nil).

   (e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
        was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
        at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



36 Subsequent event

   On 20 January 2021, the Group acquired 100% of the issued shares in Virtual Cinema Entertainment Limited and its
   subsidiaries, a producer of film and TV programme and owner of an leading online streaming platform-“Pumpkin Film”, for
   consideration of HK$7,200,000,000. The settlement method was (i) shares with an issue price of HK$0.30 per share
   with a total value of approximately HK$3,462,993,000; and (ii) shares with an exercise price of HK$0.096 per warrant
   share of approximately HK$3,737,007,000.

   The financial effects of this transaction have not been recognised at 31 December 2020. The operating results and assets
   and liabilities of the acquired group will be consolidated from 20 January 2021.




                                                             Annual Report 2020 • HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              121
  Five Years Financial Summary



  The summary of results, assets and liabilities of the Group for last five financial years (extracted from published audited financial
  statements) is set forth as follows.



  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                                        For the                      For the                  For the                 For the            For the
                                                    year ended                   year ended               year ended              year ended        year ended
                                                   31 December                 31 December              31 December             31 December       31 December
                                                          2020                        2019                     2018                    2017               2016
                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                      (Restated)

      Turnover                                             230,114                   337,300                 499,419                 261,750          113,918

      Profit before tax                                      16,128                  109,114                 146,117                 123,884             4,328
      Income tax (charge)/credit                             (4,106)                  (17,041)                (20,861)                (31,032)             257

      Profit for the year                                    12,022                    92,073                125,256                   92,852            4,585

      Attributable to
      Owners of the company                                  12,022                    90,065                124,496                   96,216            4,307
      Non-controlling interests                                   —                     2,008                    760                    (3,364)            278

                                                             12,022                    92,073                125,256                   92,852            4,585



  Consolidated Assets, Equity and Liabilities

                                                          As at                       As at                    As at                   As at              As at
                                                   31 December                 31 December              31 December             31 December       31 December
                                                          2020                       2019                     2018                    2017              2016
                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                     (Restated)

      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Total assets                                      1,273,241                 1,537,805               1,431,983               1,205,764           982,926

      Total liabilities                                   (90,073)                 (396,254)               (389,342)                (324,709)        (149,634)
      Net assets                                        1,183,168                 1,141,551               1,042,641                  881,055          833,292

      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                                  1,183,168                 1,141,551               1,041,078                  880,252          829,125
      Non-controlling interests                                 —                        —                    1,563                      803            4,167


                                                        1,183,168                 1,141,551               1,042,641                  881,055          833,292

  Note: The information for the year ended 31 December 2016 set out in above five years financial summary has been restated to reclassify the performance of solar
             grade polycrystalline silicon operation as discontinued operations and has been restated due to change in presentation currency


122      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED • Annual Report 2020
