                                              HENG T EN NET W ORK S G ROUP LI M I T ED 恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司
HE NGT E N N E T W O RK S GRO UP L I MI TED                                                                  HENGT EN NET WORK S GROUP LIM IT ED
恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司                                                                                          恒 騰 網 絡 集 團 有 限 公 司
(於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司)                                                                                              (a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
(股份代號 : 136)                                                                                                 (Stock Code: 136)




                                     365                                                                                                                                  365




               2019                                                                                                                     2019
                                              ANNUAL REPORT 年報 2019
                     年報                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT
              CONTENTS

 02   Corporate Information

 03   Chairman’s Statement

 08   Management Discussion and Analysis

 10   Directors’ Report

 26   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 29   Corporate Governance Report

 41   Independent Auditor’s Report

 46   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 48   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 50   Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity

 52   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 53   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

124   Five Years Financial Summary
     Corporate Information



     DIRECTORS                                                   HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
     Executive Directors                                         BUSINESS
                                                                 23rd Floor
     Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
                                                                 China Evergrande Centre
     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo
                                                                 38 Gloucester Road
     Mr. Huang Xiangui
                                                                 Wanchai
     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang
                                                                 Hong Kong

     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                 SHARE REGISTRARS
     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
     Mr. Nie Zhixin
                                                                 Bermuda
     Mr. Chen Haiquan                                            MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
     Professor Shi Zhuomin                                       The Belvedere Building
                                                                 69 Pitts Bay Road
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             Pembroke HM08
                                                                 Bermuda
     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)
     Mr. Nie Zhixin
     Mr. Chen Haiquan
                                                                 Hong Kong
                                                                 Tricor Secretaries Limited
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      Level 54
                                                                 Hopewell Centre
     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David (Chairman)
                                                                 183 Queen’s Road East
     Mr. Xu Wen
                                                                 Hong Kong
     Mr. Nie Zhixin

     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                        PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                                 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
     Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
                                                                 China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
     Mr. Nie Zhixin
                                                                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
     Mr. Chen Haiquan

     COMPANY SECRETARY                                           AUDITOR
                                                                 PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Mr. Fong Kar Chun, Jimmy
                                                                 Certified Public Accountants

     REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                 WEBSITE ADDRESS
     Clarendon House
                                                                 http://www.htmimi.com
     2 Church Street
     Hamilton HM 11
     Bermuda
                                                                 DATE OF REPORT
                                                                 24 March 2020




02   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Chairman’s Statement



Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the results of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company” or “HengTen Networks”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “Year”).



BUSINESS REVIEW
Internet Community and Related Services
For the Year, the Group conducted its internet community and related services business in the communities across China, and its
turnover decreased from RMB425.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB278.3 million for the Year, including
revenue from internet home furnishing sector of RMB203.6 million, revenue from internet materials business sector of RMB72.1
million, and revenue from other sectors of RMB2.6 million.

The costs of internet community and related services business are mainly labour costs, depreciation and amortization costs and
material procurement costs. Gross profit margin of such segment was approximately 65.6%. After deducting distribution costs and
administrative expenses of approximately RMB97.7 million, the segment recorded a profit of approximately RMB84.9 million.

(I)   Business Development
      In 2019, the Group has adhered to the vision of platform operation to develop into an integrated internet service operator,
      took serving users as its core work and empowering the industry as its direction by fully capitalising on the resource
      advantages of its two largest shareholders, China Evergrande Group (“China Evergrande”) (3333.HK) and Tencent
      Holdings Limited (“Tencent Holdings”) (0700.HK). The long-term vision of the Group has driven the continuous
      optimisation of its business structure, and the Group has actively explored the optimisation and upgrading of its existing
      businesses. The Group has also coordinated and promoted the synergetic development of its three major businesses,
      namely internet home furnishing business, internet materials business and smart community services.

      1.    Internet Home Furnishing Business
            With the support of the comprehensive online and offline marketing system, the Group’s internet home furnishing
            business continuously realised scale development through standardised services. As at 31 December 2019, the
            Group has operated internet home furnishing business for 450 projects in 200 cities and provided furnishing design
            and sales proposals to more than 200,000 property owners in the community.

            In 2019, while the Group was improving the functions and services of its online shopping mall, it has also set up
            more than 2,600 offline experience sample rooms in the community. The Group provided experiential, three-
            dimensional and scenario-based sample rooms, which were integrated with the localised and personalised home
            furnishing sales and designs proposals, enabling property owners in the community to truly “see what they are
            thinking and get what they are seeing” through reaching them precisely, and effectively achieving precision marketing
            through the process of perception, experience, interest to purchase brought by sample rooms.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           03
     Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




              The Group’s internet home furnishing business effectively seized the consumption development trend in home
              furnishing categories and brands. On the one hand, the rise of new consumption philosophies led to increased
              consumer demand for sub-categorised goods, and the Group was able to meet the diverse and personalised needs
              of users with its internet home furnishing business which covers numerous categories, including customised furniture,
              complementary household electric appliances, balcony textile art products and soft decorations, decoration
              engineering and kitchen supplies. On the other hand, while consumers have higher demands for product quality and
              brand under the trend of upgrading spending patterns, the Group continued to deepen its cooperation with 25
              leading brands in the “Home Furnishing Alliance”, reinforcing brand awareness and enhancing brand recognition
              among consumers.

              In 2019, the Group conducted comprehensive evaluation and analysis from multiple dimensions such as technical
              level, quality management, cost control, delivery and after-sales services, continued to improve the partner
              management system and constantly enhance management over suppliers, and persevered in making selections based
              on qualifications after strict assessment.

              The Group also continued to optimise the customers’ experience in home marketing, logistics and distribution,
              installation and after-sales services and to build a standardised service process. Based on observations of real
              consumption scenarios, the Group compiled user profiles from multiple dimensions such as age, education, family
              background and consumption budget, and promoted home furnishing designs and sales and services proposals while
              focusing on key factors such as layout, style and design. Evolved from meeting the basic needs of the mass, the
              Group was working towards the satisfaction of the demand for improvement and personalization of sub-groups.

              In addition, the Group also continued to optimise the instalment payment service for home furnishing which effectively
              lowered the consumption threshold for property owners and assisted property owners in enjoying quality life in
              advance, meanwhile stimulating marketing growth.

         2.   Internet Materials Business
              The internet materials business of the Group took full advantage of the mature supply chain system of high-quality
              decorations to effectively consolidate quality resources in the household building materials industry, endeavouring to
              build a leading platform of internet materials in the industry that covered building materials, furniture, customisation,
              home appliances and all categories of soft decorations. The Group achieved efficient synergy in the whole process
              of product design, production, procurement, sales and services, etc., resolved common issues in the householding
              building materials industry such as lack of transparency, low communication efficiency and high costs, and provided
              quality product and services to consumers, small and medium-sized properties and decoration companies.

              In terms of prices, the Group significantly lowered its procurement cost by leveraging its strengths of economies of
              scale in centralised procurement and enjoyed obvious advantages in prices. In terms of categories, the Group
              prudently selected top household building material brands from the beginning, selected quality brands from the
              perspective of home aesthetics, and continued to improve product categories and specifications, gradually covering
              the main categories of building materials products widely used in the high-quality decoration industry and continuing
              to satisfy consumers’ diverse and personalised demands. In terms of product quality, the Group built a sound quality
              management system that, on the basis of meeting current national and industry standards, consistently satisfied users’
              demands for higher standards and achieved dynamic development of the quality management system. In terms of
              distribution and delivery, the Group built five major stocking and warehousing centres.




04   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




           In 2019, the Group continued to develop quality city operators in the country, which were responsible for setting up
           showrooms and building warehouses. In reliance on the Group’s internet materials platform, city operators sold
           household building materials to small and medium-sized properties and decoration companies, and provided
           marketing, warehousing, distribution, installation and after-sales services, etc.

           At the same time, the Group’s internet materials platform also provided one-stop household building material services
           to end consumers. By building an online one-stop household building shopping mall and an offline flagship store
           which offers immersive experience, the Group gradually achieved effective integration of the low-frequency home
           furnishing consumption scenarios into high-frequency retail scenarios. In the second half of 2019, the Group opened
           two high-standard offline flagship stores in Hankou, Wuhan and Santai, Mianyang. Further, the Group adopted
           experiential marketing as its main marketing strategy, based on the foundation of a great volume of real households
           and product libraries, the Group provided design proposals for whole house and provided free, professional and
           efficient design services to create an immersive experience with real effect for users, in the meantime of enhancing
           consumer experience of the users, facilitated marketing growths.

     3.    Smart Community Services
           In 2019, the Group continued to leverage on its smart community services platform, HengTen Mimi, to support
           communities by its property services platform, providing support in relation to property fee payment, event reporting,
           repair reporting and community intelligentisation.

Manufacture and sale of accessories
The segment’s turnover decreased from approximately RMB73.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to approximately
RMB59.0 million for the Year, representing a decrease of approximately 19.8%.

The gross profit margin recorded approximately 33.8% for the Year, with a slight increase of approximately 1.7 percentage
points on average as compared to the gross profit margin for the year ended 31 December 2018.

Investments
During the Year, investments made by the Company are set out below:

                                                                                       Net change
                                                                                      in fair value
                                                                   Fair value        for the year
                                   Fair value as     Number of          as at                ended
                Stock             at the date of    share being 31 December          31 December
  Stock code    Abbreviation         acquisition           held         2019                  2019 Accounting item
                                         RMB’000                     RMB’000               RMB’000


  01640         Ruicheng China             2,345       1,000,000             2,143             (202) Financial asset at fair value
                                                                                                        through profit or loss
  01725         Eternity Tech              1,115         600,000             1,168               53 Financial asset at fair value
                                                                                                        through profit or loss


                                           3,460                             3,311             (149)




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            05
     Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




     Loan financing
     During the Year, no new loan was granted and therefore no interest income was generated from this segment (the year ended 31
     December 2018: nil).

     Property investment
     During the Year, the Company has disposed of all investment properties (the year ended 31 December 2018: no rental income).



     BUSINESS OUTLOOK
     Internet Community and Related Businesses
     Looking forward, the Group will continue to adapt to new trends, adopt new technologies, deepen new channels, effectively
     address the needs and issues for industry development, cultivate the core competitiveness for the future, enhance the momentum
     and resilience for business development, and promote the continuous and positive business development of the Group.

     1.   Smart Community Services
          In terms of smart community services, the Group will continue to rely on the accumulated technical resources and user data
          to explore and exploit community resources from multiple dimensions, thereby providing smart community services with
          higher quality.

     2.   Internet Home Furnishing Business
          In terms of internet home furnishing business, the Group will build a more effective marketing system from the perspectives of
          marketing strategy planning, marketing team building, sales promotion policy formulation, channel building and
          establishment of price system. In addition, the Group will further expand into more categories and strive to provide products
          covering all categories in the field of home furnishing.

          In the future, the Group plans to continuously expand the number of communities and user base it serves through regulated
          management, standardised services and localised marketing to achieve a higher level of development of the internet home
          business.

     3.   Internet Materials Business
          In terms of the internet materials business, the Group will continue to optimise the internet material platform, satisfy the needs
          of end consumers and operators and build an industry-leading one-stop home material platform.

          The Group will continue to develop city operators in the country, leverage on China Evergrande’s advantages in supply
          chain system and economies of scale brought by centralised procurement, provide design software, open up product
          libraries and share city showrooms for free, and provide logistics, warehousing and distribution services to create a
          nationwide premium high-quality construction material supply chain system.




06   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




      The Group will also gradually integrate resources such as designers, decoration companies, construction units and project
      supervision, coordinate participants in stages such as design, product selection, construction, acceptance, delivery and
      after-sales more effectively to create high-quality, efficient, reliable and stable closed-loop service structure with its internet
      thinking, providing standardised household building material platform services. In addition, the Group will fully utilise new
      media, new channels and new technology to break through the barrier between online and offline marketing, enhance
      online/offline customer flow as well as increasing customer flow access points. The Group will also continuously strengthen
      content and brand output to achieve precision reach and effective conversion of the target group, bringing continuous
      growth to the brand value.



FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the Group set out in this report or any of the matters set
out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realised or are complete or accurate. Shareholders and/or potential
investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the securities of the Company and not to place undue
reliance on the information disclosed herein. Any holder of securities or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is
advised to seek advice from professional advisors.



APPRECIATION
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing support to the
Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the Year.

                                                                                                By order of the Board
                                                                                         HengTen Networks Group Limited
                                                                                                     Xu Wen
                                                                                                     Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2020




                                                                         Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              07
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
     The Group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately RMB90.1 million for the Year, which
     decreased by approximately RMB34.4 million as compared to the profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately
     RMB124.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. The decrease in the profit attributable to owners of the Company
     was mainly due to a decrease in profit in the internet community and related services business segment, which contributed to a
     segment profit of approximately RMB84.9 million for the Year as compared to a segment profit of approximately RMB154.0
     million for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     The basic and diluted earnings per share were RMB0.1118 cents and RMB0.1118 cents for the Year respectively as compared
     to the basic and diluted earnings per share of RMB0.1545 cents and RMB0.1499 cents for the year ended 31 December
     2018.



     LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES, BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO
     The Group primarily financed its operations through shareholder’s equity, borrowings and cash generated from operations. During
     the Year, the liquidity of the Group was closely monitored by the Board and the Group reviews its working capital and finance
     requirements on a regular basis.

     Liquidity
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group maintained cash and bank balance of approximately RMB1,313.3 million (as at 31
     December 2018: approximately RMB1,227.2 million). The increase in cash and bank balance was mainly due to the receipt of
     advanced payment from the provision of the “properties with move-in conditions” services in the internet community and relevant
     business segment.

     Borrowings and Gearing Ratio
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s net equity amounted to approximately RMB1,141.6 million (as at 31 December 2018:
     approximately RMB1,042.6 million) with total assets amounted to approximately RMB1,537.8 million (as at 31 December
     2018: approximately RMB1,432.0 million). Net current assets were approximately RMB1,100.0 million (as at 31 December
     2018: approximately RMB1,040.1 million) and the current ratio was 3.8 times (as at 31 December 2018: 4.1 times). Gearing
     ratio calculated on the basis of the Group’s total debts (interest- bearing borrowings, lease liabilities and obligations under
     finance lease) over shareholders’ funds was 6.5% (as at 31 December 2018: 5.1%).



     COMMITMENT
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have any capital commitment (as at 31 December 2018: approximately
     RMB31,000).




08   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group had significant amount of assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) as at 31 December 2019. The
internet community service business is mainly carried out in RMB in the PRC. Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk of
significant fluctuation in RMB exchange rates. During the Year, the Group closely monitored the fluctuation and does not expect
any material fluctuation of exchange rates in the near future, but will continue to monitor it.



CHARGE OF ASSETS
During the Year, the Group did not have any charges on assets.



CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Company did not provide corporate guarantee to its subsidiaries or other parties and did not have other contingent liabilities
as at 31 December 2019 (as at 31 December 2018: nil).



SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
2013 Option Scheme
The Company’s share option scheme (the “2013 Option Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed by the
shareholders of the Company (“Shareholders”) on 31 October 2013. The purpose of the 2013 Option Scheme is to provide
incentives to eligible participants. During the Year, no option had been granted and there was no outstanding share option of the
Company as at 31 December 2019 (as at 31 December 2018: nil).



NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2019, the Group employed approximately 380 employees. The remuneration policy of the Group is to
reward its employees with reference to their qualifications, experience and work performance as well as to market benchmarks.
Employee benefits include medical insurance coverage and mandatory provident fund, etc. Total staff costs for the Year, including
directors’ emoluments, amounted to approximately RMB108.7 million (2018: RMB172.9 million).



FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Year (for the year ended 31 December 2018: nil).



MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
During the Year, there was no material acquisition and disposal.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           09
     Directors’ Report



     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries principally engage in the internet community services and
     related businesses, manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, investment and trading of
     securities and property investment.



     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the Group’s business during the year under review and a discussion on the Group’s future business development,
     possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing and important events affecting the Company which occurred during
     the Year are provided in the section headed “Chairman’s Statement”, the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”
     of this annual report and note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The Group manages environmental and social issues that affect the Group and on which the Group can have an impact. All
     activities of the Group must comply with the laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates in relation to emissions,
     use of resources and environmental protection. The Group reduces the consumption of energy and other resources, reduces
     wastes and protects natural resources. The Group implements separate collection and disposal of the non-hazardous wastes and
     few ink boxes and toner cartridges generated during its operation process and is committed to minimizing the impacts of its
     operation on the natural environment during the operation. The Group actively guides employees to implement the concept of
     green environmental protection in their daily work. Based on business characteristics and relying on the carrier of the network
     platform, the Group gradually delivers green environmental protection information to owners and customers in a timely manner to
     help improve the public’s awareness and attention to environmental protection.

     Also, the Group has actively managed and monitored the risk to protect and help the business development of the Group. The
     Group considered that the relationship with its customers has a relatively significant impact on the Group. The information about
     the Group’s major customers, risk associated with reliance on those major customers and measures to mitigate such risk are
     disclosed in note 3.1 and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.



     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group during the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on pages 48 and 49
     of this annual report.

     The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the Year.



     SHARE CAPITAL AND WARRANTS
     Details of movements in the share capital and warrants of the Company during the Year are set out in notes 17 and 18 to the
     consolidated financial statements respectively.




10   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




SHARE OPTIONS
The Company’s 2013 share option scheme (the “2013 Option Scheme”), was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on
31 October 2013, for the primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to participants thereunder for their contribution to
the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-caliber employees and attract human resources that are valuable
to the Group and any invested entity and which will expire 10 years after the date of adoption. Under the 2013 Option Scheme,
the board of directors of the Company may, at its discretion, grant options to supplier, customer, person or entity that provides
research, development or technological support or other services to the Group or any invested entity, shareholder or any member
of the Group or any invested entity, holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or invested entity and employee,
including executive and non-executive directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any invested entity to subscribe for
shares in the Company at a price of (i) the closing price of the shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Hong
Kong Stock Exchange”) on the date of grant of the option, which must be a trading day or (ii) the average of the closing
prices of the shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant of the
options or (iii) the nominal value of the shares, whichever is the higher.

The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised
under the 2013 Option Scheme and any other schemes shall not exceed 30% of the total number of the issued share of the
Company from time to time. The number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
the 2013 Option Scheme shall not exceed 7,359,057,611 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in issue on
10 June 2016, the date when the refreshment of the scheme mandate limit was approved by Shareholders.

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to each participant (including both exercised and
outstanding options) in any 12-month period cannot exceed 1% of the total number of the issued share of the Company. Upon
acceptance of option, the grantee shall pay HK$1 to the Company by way of consideration of the grant. An option may be
exercised at any time during the validity period of the options.

There is no vesting period or market or non-market performance condition for the 2013 Option Scheme. The expiry date of the
option is 10 years after the grant.

No share option was granted during the Year and there was no outstanding share option of the Company as at 31 December
2019.



INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of changes in the Group’s investment properties and property, plant and equipment during the Year are set out in notes 9
and 6 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           11
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
     The Company’s reserve was as follows:


                                                                                                31 December           31 December
                                                                                                       2019                 2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


       Contributed surplus                                                                            63,481                63,481
       Accumulated losses                                                                         (3,812,797)           (3,817,635)


                                                                                                  (3,749,316)           (3,754,154)


     Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company is available for distribution.
     However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of the contributed surplus if:

     (a)   the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or

     (b)   the realisable value of the Company would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital
           and share premium accounts.



     DIRECTORS AND SERVICE CONTRACTS
     The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report were as follows:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)

     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo

     Mr. Huang Xiangui

     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David

     Mr. Nie Zhixin

     Mr. Chen Haiquan

     Professor Shi Zhuomin




12   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




Pursuant to bye-law 87 of the Company’s Bye-laws, each of Mr. Xu Wen, Mr. Liu Yongzhuo and Mr. Chau Shing Yim David will
retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”) and, being eligible, offer himself for re-
election at the forthcoming AGM.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which is not
determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and each of the independent non-executive
Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, all for a term of three years and is subject to retirement by
rotation and re-election in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisted during or
at the end of the Year.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES
AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2019, the interest and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) as required to be kept and recorded in the register
maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by directors of the Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in
Appendix 10 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as adopted
by the Company, was as follows:

Long positions in shares of China Evergrande Group:
                                                                                  Beneficial interest         Approximate %
  Name of Director                      Nature of interest                                 in shares               of interest


  Chau Shing Yim David                  Beneficial owner                                    1,000,000                        0.01
  Xu Wen                                Beneficial owner                                    2,500,000                        0.02


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, none of the Directors, the chief executives of the Company nor their
associates had any interests or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and any of its
associated corporations that were required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Listing Rules.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            13
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the Year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to
     acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other
     body corporate, and none of the Directors, or their spouses or children under the age of eighteen, had any right to subscribe for
     the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such rights during the Year.



     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE
     SFO
     As at 31 December 2019, Shareholders who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
     of 5% or more which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register to be
     kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

     Interest in the shares and underlying shares — long positions:
                                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                      Deemed                                                    percentage of
                                                          Number of                   interests                                                   issued share
                                                     ordinary shares             in number of                                                    capital of the
           Name of shareholder                                  held                    shares                     Total Capacity                    Company


           China Evergrande Group                      40,417,570,910           4,706,459,934         45,124,030,844 Interest of a controlled          60.47%
                                                                                                                         corporation
           Solution Key Holdings Limited               40,417,570,910           4,706,459,934         45,124,030,844 Beneficial owner                  60.47%
             (Note 1)
           Tencent Holdings Limited                    14,697,298,513           1,711,439,976         16,408,738,489 Interest of a controlled          21.99%
                                                                                                                         corporation
           Water Lily Investment Limited               14,697,298,513           1,711,439,976         16,408,738,489 Beneficial owner                  21.99%
            (Note 2)


     Note:


     (1)       Solution Key Holdings Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China Evergrande Group.


     (2)       Water Lily Investment Limited is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, the Company had not been notified by any person who had interests or
     short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which fell to be disclosed to the Company under Part XV of
     the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




14   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                         Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SHARES
There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the Company’s listed securities during
the Year.



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the Year, the percentages of the Group’s turnover attributable to its largest customer and five largest customers were 6.1%
and 25.3% respectively. The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
approximately 43.2% of the Group’s total purchases and the amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier was
approximately 13.1% of the Group’s total purchases.

None of the Directors, their associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the
Company’s issued share capital) has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract, other than employment contracts, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial
part of the business of the Company was entered into or subsisting during the Year.



STRUCTURED CONTRACTS
Background
As disclosed in the sub-section headed “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report, the
three principal businesses of the Group are smart community services, internet home furnishing and internet materials. The
Company (1) provides smart community services including collection of property management fees, property repair and
maintenance and other services through the HengTen Mimi APP; and (2) carries out internet home furnishing business and internet
materials logistics business, which involves value-added information services such as e-commerce business (the “Restricted
Business”). As the Company is a company incorporated in Bermuda, it is classified as a foreign enterprise under the PRC laws,
rules and regulations.

On 11 December 2001, the State Council adopted the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunication
Enterprises (as amended on 10 September 2008 and amended for the second time on 6 February 2016, the “FITE
Regulations”). Article 6 of the FITE Regulations provided that foreign ownership of foreign-invested telecommunication
enterprises operating value-added telecommunication businesses cannot exceed 50%. At the same time, Article 10 of the FITE
Regulations further provides that foreign investors in a foreign-invested telecommunication enterprise engaging in value-added
telecommunication businesses shall have a good business record and experience in operating value-added telecommunication
business (the “Qualification Requirement”).




                                                                    Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          15
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     On 19 June 2015, Circular on Removing the Restrictions on Shareholding Ratio Held by Foreign Investors in Online Data
     Processing and Transaction Processing (Operating E-commerce) Business (“Circular No. 196”) was issued by the PRC Ministry
     of Industry and Information Technology, which allows foreign ownership in enterprises operating in certain categories of e-commerce
     business to up to 100%, but the foreign shareholder shall still be subject to other conditions and requirement for foreign
     investment, including the Qualification Requirement under the FITE Regulations.

     We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that currently, the Group’s online data and transaction processing business can
     be owned by foreign investor of up to 100% and the Group’s information services business can only be owned by foreign
     investor of up to 50%, provided that in both cases, the foreign investor meets the Qualification Requirement.

     As the current foreign shareholders of the WFOE (as defined below) do not meet the Qualification Requirement, irrespective of
     which category the WFOE’s business is treated to be under, there may still be substantial legal impediments for the WFOE to
     directly apply for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits.

     As a result, the Restricted Business of the Group is carried out by Shenzhen HengTen Networks Company Limited (“OPCO”, 深
     圳市恒騰網絡有限公司) under the Structured Contracts with Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services Company Limited (“WFOE”,
     深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Structured Contracts are detailed below under
     the paragraph headed “The Structured Contracts”.

     The Company agrees that it would unwind the Structured Contracts as soon as the relevant laws and regulations allow foreign
     investors to own the entire equity interest of OPCO.

     We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and
     regulations, including those applicable to the WFOE and OPCO.

     Pursuant to an equity transfer agreement (the “OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement”) dated 27 June 2019 between Ms.
     Deng Miaojing (“Ms. Deng”, OPCO’s original shareholder) and Mr. Jiang Xiaodong (“Mr. Jiang”), Ms. Deng transferred her
     entire equity interest in OPCO to Mr. Jiang. Prior to entering into the OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement, OPCO was 55% owned
     by Ms. Deng and 45% owned by Ms. Yu Siyu (“Ms. Yu”, together with Mr. Jiang, the “OPCO Shareholders”). After the
     execution of the OPCO Equity Transfer Agreement and the completion of filing procedures of the change in shareholder on 8 July
     2019, OPCO became 55% owned by Mr. Jiang and 45% by Ms. Yu.

     The product of the Group’s internet services are currently in the forms of HengTen Mimi APP, the online internet home and
     e-commerce platform-HTmehome and the online e-commerce platform-HT materials e-mall. As disclosed in the sub-section headed
     “Business Review” under the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” in this report, the Group’s three major business sectors
     picked up a strong momentum in 2019. The Restricted Business of the Group needs to be operated by OPCO in order to obtain
     registered user and traffic growth, so as to acquire core user base and platform for commencing the Group’s business. Looking
     forward to the near future, the Group expects the Group’s three major business sectors, being smart community services, internet
     home furnishing and internet materials, to grow and become the principal businesses of the Group in the future. As the Restricted
     Business is a material component of the abovementioned three major business sectors of the Group, the performance of which is
     expected to become material to the overall performance of the Group in the future.




16   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




OPCO conducts its business through PC websites or mobile Apps which it owns or is authorised to operate. The business which
OPCO operates includes publishing advertisement information to internet users, online orders, online payments, activating third
party payment and other online application services, and such types of businesses relate to the Group’s information services
business. Furthermore, OPCO also provides platform services through its PC websites or mobile Apps allowing third party vendors
of goods or services to set up online virtual shops, and such types of businesses relate to the Group’s online data and transaction
processing business.

The Group’s total revenue for the Year contributed by OPCO under the Structured Contracts amounted to approximately RMB104
million (RMB104,488,617), representing approximately 31% of the Group’s total revenue for the Year, and the total assets of
OPCO as at 31 December 2019 were approximately RMB588 million (RMB587,721,686), representing approximately 38%
of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2019.

The Structured Contracts
The Structured Contracts are designed to enable the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the business and
operations of OPCO together with effective control over and (to the extent permitted by PRC laws, rules and regulations) the right
to purchase the equity interests in and/or assets of OPCO.

(1) Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement
      Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE and OPCO,
      among other things, WFOE agreed to provide the relevant technological support and management consultancy services,
      consultancy on procurement of software and hardware, staff training and support, development and marketing of various
      platforms, industry consultancy and product development and business partners and market information to OPCO as
      OPCO’s exclusive service provider; and is entitled to receive service fees at a range of 90% to 100% of the total monthly
      operating profit of OPCO. Except as otherwise agreed, OPCO shall not accept the same range of service provided by
      any third parties in the effective period of the agreement.

(2) Business Management Agreement
      Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO
      Shareholders, among other things,

      •     the OPCO Shareholders agreed to procure OPCO not to enter into any transaction which may materially affect its
            assets, business operation, human resources, right and obligations, or company management, unless with prior
            written consent from WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE;

      •     OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in
            relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day business management, financial management,
            etc.; and

      •     each of the OPCO Shareholders agreed to, upon receiving any dividend or any other earnings or income from
            OPCO as its shareholder, immediately and unconditionally pay or transfer all such earnings or income to WFOE at
            nil consideration.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            17
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     (3) Call Option Agreement
         Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders, the
         OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to, as and when permitted by
         applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO
         Shareholders for a consideration of RMB10,000, or when appraisal is required under PRC laws, rules and regulations, 1%
         of the appraisal price or at the lowest price permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations.

     (4) Equity Pledge Agreement
         Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement dated 27 June 2019 between WFOE and the OPCO Shareholders, the OPCO
         Shareholders pledged their entire equity interests in OPCO to WFOE as security for the performance of the obligations
         under the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement and Call Option
         Agreement. The filing procedures of the equity pledge were completed on 29 July 2019.

     (5) Powers of Attorney
         Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney dated 27 June 2019 executed by each of the OPCO Shareholders, directors of WFOE
         and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to, among other things,
         exercise all rights of the OPCO Shareholders, including but not limited to the rights to vote in a shareholders’ meeting,
         appoint directors and other senior executives, sign minutes, file documents with the relevant companies registry, and sell,
         transfer, pledge or deal in the equity interest held by the OPCO Shareholders.

     (6) Undertakings
         Pursuant to the Undertaking dated 1 April 2016 executed by Ms. Yu (being an OPCO Shareholder) and the Undertaking
         dated 27 June 2019 executed by Mr. Jiang (being an OPCO Shareholder) respectively,

         •     any successor to his/her shall hold the respective equity interest in OPCO subject to the conditions, requirements and
               obligations under the Undertaking and the Structured Contracts;

         •     his/her respective equity interest in OPCO does not form part of the community property, and his/her decisions in
               relation to OPCO shall not be affected by her spouse;

         •     he/she will neither, directly or indirectly (either on her own or through any other individual or legal entity), participate
               or be engaged in any business which is or may be in competition with the business of OPCO or its associated
               company, or acquire or hold any such business, nor carry on any activities which may lead to any conflict of interest
               between himself/herself and WFOE;

         •     in the event that he/she receives any asset in relation to the liquidation of OPCO, he/she agrees to transfer to
               WFOE such assets at nil consideration or at the lowest consideration as permitted by the then applicable laws and
               regulations; and

         •     in the event that he/she receives any amount from WFOE or any third party in relation to the exercise of the call
               option under the Call Option Agreement, he/she agrees to unconditionally return all such amount to WFOE or any
               third party designated by WFOE.




18   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




As advised by our PRC legal counsel, appropriate provisions have been incorporated in the Structured Contracts to protect
WFOE’s interests in the event of death, bankruptcy or divorce of the OPCO Shareholders of its equity interest in OPCO to avoid
any practical difficulties in enforcing the Structured Contracts. The Structured Contracts encompass certain provisions setting out
that the respective contracts shall be legally binding on the legal assignees or successors of the parties thereto.

We have also implemented measures to protect against the potential conflicts of interest between the Group and the OPCO
Shareholders. Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement
relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in relation to OPCO’s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day
business management, financial management, etc. Under the Call Option Agreement, the OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE
an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO as and when
permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, under the Powers of Attorney executed by the OPCO
Shareholders, directors of WFOE and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to
exercise the shareholders’ rights in OPCO on behalf of the OPCO Shareholders. As a result, we have minimised the OPCO
Shareholders’ influence on the business operations of OPCO.

The entering into of the Structured Contracts did not constitute any notifiable transaction required to be disclosed under Chapter
14 of the Listing Rules, nor any connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as, to the best of
the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, the OPCO Shareholders and OPCO
were not connected persons of the Company.

The risks associated with the Structured Contracts and the actions taken by
the Company to mitigate the risks (where applicable)
Business risks and financial risks borne by the Group as the primary
beneficiary of OPCO
As the primary beneficiary of OPCO, the Group is exposed to the business risks and financial risks faced by OPCO. Any profit
or loss of OPCO will be reflected in the consolidated financial results of the Group.

OPCO is now in the process of applying for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits. If OPCO fails to obtain the
requisite licenses and approvals to operate the Restricted Business in the PRC, the Group’s internet business may be adversely
affected.

The PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not
comply with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations
As advised by our PRC legal counsel, the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and regulations applicable
to the business of the WFOE and OPCO and the articles of association of the WFOE and OPCO respectively, and would not
be deemed as “concealing illegal intentions with a lawful form” and void under the PRC Contract Law. The Structured Contracts
are valid and enforceable against the parties to the Structured Contracts. Our PRC legal counsel also confirms that all necessary
actions or steps have been taken to enable it to reach its legal conclusions.

Despite there being currently no indication that the Structured Contracts will be interfered or objected by any PRC regulatory
authorities, our PRC legal counsel has advised that there is a possibility that the relevant PRC regulatory authorities may have
different opinions on the interpretation of the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations and may deny the validity, effectiveness
and enforceability of the Structured Contracts in the future.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            19
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     The possible impact of the PRC Foreign Investment Law on the Structured
     Contract and OPCO
     On 15 March 2019, the Second Session of the 13th National People’s Congress of the PRC passed the Foreign Investment Law,
     which was implemented on 1 January 2020.

     The abovementioned law has no significant impact on the structured contract and the business of OPCO for the time being.

     Despite this, our PRC legal counsel advised that according to the Foreign Investment Law, “investment in laws, administrative
     regulations or other methods prescribed by the State Council” is also a “foreign investment”. Due to uncertain new laws in the
     future, administrative regulations or regulations of the State Council on defining “foreign investment”, it’s not guaranteed whether
     there will be any significant impact on the future of the structure contract and the business of OPCO.

     If the law, administrative regulations or the State Council stipulate otherwise that “foreign investment” is defined and the authorities
     deny the legality, limitation and enforceability of the structural contract, the Group will lose the control right of OPCO, fail to
     merge the financial results of OPCO or properly safeguard, determine and control the assets of OPCO, which will have
     significant adverse impacts on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

     The Board will continue to monitor the progress of relevant laws, administrative regulations or the regulations of State Council and
     discuss with the Company’s PRC legal counsel. If the business of the Group or OPCO is significantly affected, the Company will
     promptly publish the announcement regarding the relevant significant progress and its impact.

     The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing control over
     and entitlement to the economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership
     The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing the WFOE with control over and entitlement to the economic
     interests in OPCO as direct ownership.

     Under the Structured Contracts, WFOE does not have direct ownership of OPCO and can only rely on OPCO and the OPCO
     Shareholders’ performance of their contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The OPCO Shareholders may not act in
     the best interests of the WFOE or may not perform their obligations under the Structured Contracts. Such risk exists and the Group
     expects it to continue to exist throughout the period in which the Group intends to operate its business through the Structured
     Contracts with OPCO.

     In addition, the Group has not purchased any insurance to cover risks relating to the enforcement of the Structured Contracts due
     to unavailability of such insurance product in the market at the moment based on the best knowledge of the Group.

     The exercise of the call option under the Call Option Agreement is subject to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. There
     is no assurance that the call option to purchase the entire equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO Shareholders under the
     Call Option Agreement will be permitted in the future, or whether such acquisition will incur any costs and expenses to the Group
     in addition to the consideration stipulated under the Call Option Agreement. For instance, if the consideration for the transfer of
     equity interest in OPCO to WFOE required by the PRC laws, rules and regulations is substantially high and the OPCO
     Shareholders fail to return the consideration to WFOE or if the competent tax authority require WFOE to pay enterprise income
     tax for such returned ownership transfer income with reference to the market value instead of the consideration as stipulated under
     the Call Option Agreement, in which case WFOE may be subject to a substantial amount of tax, the financial conditions of
     WFOE may be materially and adversely affected.




20   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




Potential conflicts of interest among WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO
Shareholders may exist
OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders may fail to take certain actions required for the Group’s business or to follow WFOE’s
instructions despite their contractual obligations to do so. If they fail to perform their obligations under their respective Structured
Contracts with the WFOE, the WFOE may have to rely on legal remedies under the PRC laws, including seeking specific
performance or injunctive relief, which may not be effective.

Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement, Call Option
Agreement and Equity Pledge Agreement (the “Corporate Contracts”), any disputes arising from these agreements between
the parties thereto should first be resolved through negotiation, failing which by arbitration at the South China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (also known as the Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration) (“SCIETAC”) in
accordance with the arbitration rules thereof (the “Arbitration Clause”). The arbitral tribunal may award remedies over the
shares or land assets of OPCO, injunctive relief (such as stipulating certain conducts of business or compelling transfer of assets)
or order the winding up of OPCO. Any disputes between the parties to the Powers of Attorney and the Undertakings may be
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Clause if the arbitral tribunal and/or the PRC court consider that those disputes fall
under the scope of the Arbitration Clause under the Structured Contracts.

The Structured Contracts also provide that pending formation of the arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, the courts of Hong
Kong, the Company’s place of incorporation (Bermuda), OPCO’s place of establishment (the PRC), the jurisdiction where the
principal assets of the Company and OPCO are located (the PRC) have the power to grant interim remedies in support of the
arbitration.

However, as advised by the PRC legal counsel of the Company, according to the PRC laws, rules and regulations, the arbitral
tribunal normally would not grant such kind of remedies or injunctive relief or winding up order of such PRC operational entities as
OPCO under the PRC laws, rules and regulations. For instance, the arbitral tribunal has no authority to grant such injunctive relief,
nor will it be able to order the winding up of the PRC operational entities pursuant to existing PRC laws, rules and regulations. In
addition, interim remedies or enforcement orders granted by overseas courts such as Hong Kong and Bermuda may not be
recognizable or enforceable in the PRC.

Furthermore, as the parties to the Structured Contracts are PRC entities and the subject matters contained therein are related to the
PRC, the courts of Hong Kong and Bermuda may not accept that they are the proper forum for legal proceedings concerning the
disputes (not including a request for interim remedies and any other remedies in support of the arbitration) between the parties
arising under the Structured Contracts. The courts of Hong Kong may grant an interim remedies in support of arbitral proceedings
commenced pursuant to the Arbitration Clause only if the arbitral proceedings are capable of giving rise to an arbitral award that
may be enforced in Hong Kong and the interim remedies sought belongs to a type or description of interim remedies that may be
granted in Hong Kong in relation to arbitral proceedings by Hong Kong courts. There is a risk that the courts of Hong Kong may
refuse such interim remedies because an arbitral award from SCIETAC may be refused enforcement in Hong Kong because
SCIETAC is currently not a recognized Mainland arbitral authority (as defined in the Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance (Cap.
609)), but SCIETAC could acquire such status when a dispute arises.




                                                                         Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             21
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Further, the court of Hong Kong may decline to grant an interim remedies on the ground that (a) the interim remedies sought is
     currently the subject of arbitral proceedings; and (b) the court considers it more appropriate for the interim remedies to be dealt
     with by the arbitral tribunal.

     If any of the parties refers any dispute (not including a request for interim remedies and any other measures in support of the
     arbitration) arising out of the Structured Contracts to the court of Hong Kong and the dispute falls within the scope of the
     Arbitration Clause, the court will, if a party so requests not later than when submitting his first statement on the substance of the
     dispute, refer the parties to arbitration unless it finds the Arbitration Clause null, void, inoperative or incapable of being
     performed.

     The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax
     authorities and additional tax may be imposed
     The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed on the WFOE.
     If the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured Contracts were not entered into on an arm’s length basis, they may adjust
     the income and expenses of the WFOE for PRC tax purposes, which could result in higher tax liabilities on the WFOE.

     The operating and financial results of WFOE may be materially and adversely affected if the tax liabilities of OPCO or those of
     WFOE increase significantly or if they are required to pay interest on late payments.

     Internal control measures
     The Company has put in place effective internal controls over WFOE and OPCO to safeguard its assets held through the
     Structured Contracts. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, WFOE is subject to all the internal control processes and
     procedures applicable to the Group. The operations of OPCO are exclusively controlled by WFOE through the Structured
     Contracts and the Group has applied its internal control processes and procedures to OPCO. In particular, pursuant to the
     Structured Contracts, WFOE has the right to appoint, and has appointed, the directors, general manager, chief financial officer
     and other senior management of OPCO and WFOE has the right to hire and terminate employees of OPCO.



     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emolument policy of employees of the Group is set up by the remuneration committee of the Company on the basis of their
     merit, qualifications, experience and competence.

     The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company’s
     operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.



     CONNECTED TRANSACTION
     Saved as disclosed in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements which is fully exempted from Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules, the Company was not aware of any other related party transactions which constitute a connected transaction of the Group,
     nor are there any connected transactions that need to be disclosed in this annual report under the Listing Rules. The Company has
     complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




22   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION
Up to the date of this report, the Group conducted the following transaction which constituted continuing connected transaction
for the Company under the Listing Rules, in respect of which announcement dated 29 December 2017 was issued.

On 29 December 2017, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Shenzhen HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd.* (深圳市
恒騰網絡服務有限公司 ) entered into an equipment usage contract (the “Equipment Usage Contract”) with Evergrande
Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (恒大互聯網金融服務(深圳)有限公司) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
China Evergrande Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company. The transaction contemplated under the Equipment Usage
Contract constituted a continuing connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Pursuant to the Equipment Usage Contract, HengTen Network Services Co., Ltd. will provide Evergrande Internet Financial
Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. with server configuration, data backup system, NETAPP storage equipment and other network
equipment for use and will charge Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. a total amount of RMB24,840,000
as usage fees for such equipment during the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2020. Based on the business
development needs of the Company, the Group currently owns sufficient network equipment to meet its own needs and has extra
equipment available for lease. Not only will the Equipment Usage Contract bring stable revenue to the Group, it will also provide
Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. with such equipment that meets its requirements for safety and
reliability. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2017 for details.

As all of the applicable percentage ratios calculated from the proposed annual caps of the above mentioned continuing
connected transaction were less than 25% and the amount of each proposed annual cap was less than HK$10,000,000, the
transaction contemplated under the Equipment Usage Contract is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but is exempt from the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.76(2)(b) of the Listing Rules.

The aforesaid continuing connected transaction has been reviewed by independent non-executive directors of the Company. The
independent non-executive directors of the Company confirmed that the aforesaid connected transaction was entered into (a) in
the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) either on normal commercial terms or better; (c) in accordance with
the relevant Equipment Usage Contract on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report on the aforesaid continuing connected transaction in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor
has issued an unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected
transaction in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and nothing has come to their attention that causes them to
believe that the disclosed continuing connected transaction: (i) has not been approved by the board of directors of the Company;
(ii) was not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement(s) governing the transaction; and (iii)
has exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of the disclosed continuing connected transaction.




*     For identification purpose only




                                                                        Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             23
     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Save as disclosed above, no other transactions between connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) and the Company
     have been entered into and/or are ongoing for which relevant announcements are required to be made by the Company in
     accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS
     During the Year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors and their respective associates are considered to have
     interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, as
     defined in the Listing Rules.



     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the
     Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.



     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest
     practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the Year.



     CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     The Group has not made any charitable donations during the Year (year ended 31 December 2018: nil).



     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     After the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19 outbreak”) in early 2020, a series of precautionary and
     control measures have been and continued to be implemented across the country/region. The Group will pay close attention to
     the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group.
     As at the date on which this set of financial statements were authorised for issue, the Group was not aware of any material
     adverse effects on the financial statements as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.



     FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     The summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five years is set out on page 124 of this report.




24   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Directors’ Report (Continued)




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Subject to the applicable laws, every director of the Group’s companies shall be entitled to be indemnified by the relevant
company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him or her in the execution and discharge of his
or her duties or in relation thereto pursuant to such company’s constitutional documents. Such provisions were in force during the
course of the Year and remained in force as of the date of this report.



AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the Year were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). A resolution will be
submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the Company.

Approved by the Board on 24 March 2020
For and on behalf of the Board




Xu Wen
Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2020




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           25
     Profile of Directors and Senior Management



     The biographical details of Directors and senior management as at 24 March 2020, being the date of this annual report, are set
     out below:



     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Xu Wen, aged 56, has over 21 years of experience in construction project management, construction research and
     design. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Xu was an executive director of China Evergrande Group, a controlling shareholder of
     the Company (Stock Code: 3333, with shares listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and had left such
     position on 25 April 2017. Mr. Xu is currently the chairman of the Board, executive director, chairman of the nomination
     committee, member of the remuneration committee and the authorized representative of the Company.

     Mr. Xu holds a bachelor’s degree in civil construction and a master’s degree in project management. He is a registered structural
     engineer and a qualified supervising engineer in the People’s Republic of China.

     Mr. Liu Yongzhuo, aged 40, has over 17 years of experience in human resource management, investment and operation of
     real estate projects, innovations in finance areas and management and operation of multi-industry companies. Mr. Liu has been
     serving China Evergrande since 2003, and had served as a vice president of China Evergrande, in charge of Guangzhou
     Evergrande Taobao Football Club, Evergrande culture industry group, Evergrande agricultural animal husbandry group,
     Evergrande internet financial group and Evergrande high-tech group. He is now serving as the chairman of the board of directors
     of Evergrande new energy technology group.

     Mr. Liu graduated from East China Normal University and Wuhan University of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s degree in
     business management and a master’s degree in engineering.

     Mr. Huang Xiangui, aged 49, has over 23 years of experience in marketing, human resource management and operation,
     management of foreign-funded enterprises and capital, capital market and investor relation management. Mr. Huang has been
     serving China Evergrande since 2004 and now serves as an executive director and the general manager of the Hong Kong
     office of China Evergrande Group (Stock Code: 3333). China Evergrande Group is a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange. Mr. Huang also acts as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

     Mr. Huang graduated from Harbin Engineering University and University of Stirling in the United Kingdom and obtained a
     bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and a master degree in banking and finance.

     Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang, aged 44, has over 16 years of experience in management in the mobile internet business. Mr. Zhuo
     has been serving Tencent since 2004 and has served as the manager of South China area of the mobile internet group and the
     general manager of the business operations and commerce department of the mobile internet group of Tencent. Mr. Zhuo was the
     general manager of the industry co-operation department of the WeChat group of Tencent and the general manager of
     government co-operation center of WeChat Pay, and now serves as a consultant of Tencent.

     Mr. Zhuo graduated from the Beijing Institute of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s degree in communications engineering.




26   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Profile of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, aged 56, has over 21 years of experience in corporate finance and was formerly a partner
of one of the big four accounting firms in Greater China, holding the position as their Head of Merger and Acquisition and
Corporate Advisory. Mr. Chau is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (“ICAEW”), and
was granted the Corporate Finance Qualification of ICAEW. He is also a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and was an ex-committee member of the Disciplinary Panel of HKICPA. Mr. Chau is a member as well
as director of the Hong Kong Securities Institute and the Chairman of Corporate Outreach Committee. Mr. Chau is a member of
Hospital Governing Committee of Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital (“PYNEH”) and the Trustee of the PYNEH
Charitable Trust. He is also a member of Jinan Municipal Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultation Conference.

Mr. Chau is currently an independent non-executive director of BC Technology Group Limited (Stock Code: 863), China
Evergrande Group (Stock Code: 3333), Evergrande Health Industry Group Limited (Stock Code: 708), HengTen Networks
Group Limited (Stock Code: 136), IDG Energy Investment Group Limited (Stock Code: 650), Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing
Limited (Stock Code: 2314) and Man Wah Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1999). All the aforesaid companies are listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Mr. Chau was also an independent non-executive director of Richly Field China Development Limited (Stock Code: 313) from
February 2014 to September 2018 and Asia Grocery Distribution Limited (Stock Code: 8413) from March 2017 to August
2018. All the aforesaid companies are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Mr. Nie Zhixin, aged 57, is the standing vice president of the Henan Chamber of Commerce in the Guangdong province,
vice president of the Tianhe Road Chamber of Commerce in Guangzhou, vice president of the Chain-operations Management
Association in Guangzhou and general manager of Gladith Fashion Co., Ltd. in Guangzhou. In 1990, Mr. Nie established the
“GLADITH•葛來娣” fashion brand in Guangzhou which has now become one of the wellknown women’s fashion brands in the
PRC.

Mr. Chen Haiquan, aged 50, is a doctorate holder from the Chuo University, Japan, a professor and doctoral supervisor at
the Jinan University. He also serves as the director of the Guangdong Institute of Asia-pacific E-commerce, dean of the
Guangdong Research Institute of Modern Logistics, executive president and secretary-general of the Association of Logistics and
Supply Chain in the Guangdong province, vice president of the Association of Business and Economics in the Guangdong
province and vice secretary-general of Chinese Association of Market Development. Mr. Chen served as an independent director
of Guangzhou Friendship Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 00987). He is
currently the independent non-executive director of the Company, an independent director of Guangzhou Jiacheng International
Co., Ltd. (listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 603535) and an external director of Guangzhou
Business Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd.

Mr. Chen graduated from the graduate school of Daito Bunka University, Japan and the graduate school of Chuo University,
Japan and obtained a master’s degree in economics and a doctorate in comprehensive policy, respectively.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          27
     Profile of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)




     Professor Shi Zhuomin, aged 48, has obtained a doctoral degree in management from Sun Yat-sen University and a
     postdoctoral degree from Hitotsubashi University in Japan and is a visiting scholar under the China-US Fulbright Program.
     Professor Shi studied at and visited The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Harvard Business School and the University of Missouri
     and visited various countries and regions including the United States, Japan, Germany, Brazil and Hong Kong for academic
     exchange. She also held lectures on “Marketing Practice in China” and “Chinese Luxury Consumption” for students from Europe,
     the United States and Japan studying in China and held lectures on “Understanding Chinese Consumers” at certain universities in
     the United States. Professor Shi currently focuses on the research of consumption behaviour and psychology, cross-culture
     consumption behaviour comparison research and international marketing.

     Professor Shi is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor in the management school at Sun Yat-sen University. She is also a
     council member of China Marketing Association of University, a provincial investigation and consulting expert of Guangdong
     Province and an external academic advisor of the MScMIB program of Lingnan University in Hong Kong.



     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Chan Oi Ling, Maria Olimpia, aged 76, is the founder of the Group. Ms. Chan was the chairman of the Company
     up to 7 April 2008. After resignation from the Board, Ms. Chan remains as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company so
     as to facilitate her to give advice and pass on her valuable experience in the manufacturing and sales of goods operations. Ms.
     Chan has over 41 years of experience in the industry of manufacturing and sale of accessories for photographic products.




28   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board considers that good corporate governance practices are crucial to the smooth and effective operation of the Group
and the safeguarding of the interests of the shareholders and other stakeholders of the Company. The Company has put in place
internal policies to ensure the compliance and has adopted and complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Year except for the following deviation
from the Code provisions:

•     Code provision A.2.1 stipulated that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
      performed by the same individual. During the Year, the Company has no such title as chief executive. The overall
      responsibility of supervising and ensuring that the Group functions in line with the order of the Board in terms of day-to-day
      operation and execution is vested in the Board itself.



BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board determines the overall strategies of the Group, monitors and controls operating and financial performance, analyses
and formulates strategies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives. The Board also decides on matters such as
annual and interim results, dividend policy, director appointments, and significant changes in accounting policy, material
contracts and major investments. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility of overseeing the Group’s day-to-day
operations to management executives.

Composition of the Board
During the Year and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises the following executive Directors and independent
non-executive Directors.

Executive Directors:
Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)
Mr. Liu Yongzhuo
Mr. Huang Xiangui
Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang

Independent non-executive Directors:
Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David
Mr. Nie Zhixin
Mr. Chen Haiquan
Professor Shi Zhuomin

Biographical details of current members of the Board are set out on page 26 to page 28 of this annual report.

During the Year, the Company has at all times met the requirements of Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of
at least three independent non-executive Directors, and at least one independent non-executive Director possesses appropriate
professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            29
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a period of three years. Each of the
     independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years. The
     Directors are subject to retirement by rotation pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”). In accordance with
     the Bye-laws, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being or, if their number is
     not three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation, provided that
     every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

     The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or her
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board was satisfied with the independence of the independent non-
     executive Directors.

     Board Diversity
     The Board has established a set of board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board with the aims
     of enhancing Board effectiveness and corporate governance as well as achieving the Group’s business objectives and
     sustainable development. Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, required expertise, skills, knowledge and length of
     service. The current Board consists of a diverse mix of Board members who match the requirement of the business of the
     Company.

     Roles and Duties
     The Board is in charge of formulating strategic business development, reviewing and monitoring the business performance of the
     Group, approving major funds allocation and investment proposals as well as preparing and approving the financial statements
     of the Group. The Board also gives clear instructions on the authority delegated to the management in relation to the
     administration and management of the Group.

     The Board has the following duties and responsibilities in respect of the corporate governance functions of the Company:

     (a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

     (b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

     (c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulator requirements;

     (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
           Directors; and

     (e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report in the annual
           report of the Company.

     During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Board has performed the corporate governance duties.




30   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




The Board may delegate the corporate governance duties to a committee of the Board. The Board meets regularly to discuss and
formulate the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of the Group. Directors may participate in the
meetings either in person, by proxy, or by means of electronic communications. Four Board meetings were convened by the
Company during the Year.

The Company has set up the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee (as detailed in the following
section) in respect of the Board.

The attendance of individual Directors at the Board meetings, the meetings of the three committees and general meetings held
during the Year is set out below:


                                                                 No. of meetings attended/held
                                                  Board          Audit Remuneration Nomination                          General
                                                 Meeting      Committee    Committee     Committee                      Meeting


  Executive Directors
  Mr. Xu Wen (Chairman)                               3/4                —                  1/1              1/1              1/1
  Mr. Liu Yongzhuo                                    2/4                —                   —                —               0/1
  Mr. Huang Xiangui                                   3/4                —                   —                —               1/1
  Mr. Zhuo Yueqiang                                   3/4                —                   —                —               0/1

  Independent non-executive
    Directors
  Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David                           4/4              2/2                  1/1               —               1/1
  Mr. Nie Zhixin                                      4/4              2/2                  1/1              1/1              1/1
  Mr. Chen Haiquan                                    4/4              2/2                   —               1/1              1/1
  Professor Shi Zhuomin                               4/4               —                    —                —               1/1

Directors’ Training
All Directors have complied with the Code provisions in relation to continuous professional development. This has involved various
forms of activities including attending a presentation given by an external professional party in respect of the new regime on
disclosure, reading materials relevant to corporate governance and other regulatory requirements.

The Company has an induction policy for every new member of the Board. On appointment, the new member will receive an
induction which includes meetings with members of the Board introducing the Group’s business segments in which the Group
operates, the roles and responsibilities as a Director and the requirements under the Listing Rules in respect of the Code provisions
in relation to continuous professional development.

The Company regularly updates Directors on the developments in respect of the Listing Rules and applicable regulatory
requirements, to enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

During the Year, all of the Directors have attended training sessions. The company secretary of the Company has also complied
with the 15 hours training requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            31
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The audit committee comprised three members, namely, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, chairman of the audit committee, Mr. Nie
     Zhixin and Mr. Chen Haiquan all being independent non-executive Directors. The audit committee adopted the written terms of
     reference which were basically the same as those set forth in code provision C.3.3 of the Code. The audit committee is
     principally responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit function, reviewing and supervising the
     Group’s financial reporting process, risk management and internal control system and providing advice and recommendations to
     the Board.

     During the Year, two meetings have been held by the audit committee to approve the audited financial statements for the Year
     and to review interim financial statements (including accounting policies and practices adopted) of the Group for the Year, and
     recommended such financial statements to the Board for approval. The record of attendance of members at such meetings is set
     out on page 31 of this annual report.

     On 24 March 2020, the audit committee met to review the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, the
     financial statements and other reports for the Year and discuss any significant audit matters with the Company’s external auditor
     and the senior management before recommending them to the Board for consideration and approval. The audit committee
     recommended the Board in relation to the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s external auditor for the
     financial year ending 31 December 2020 at the annual general meeting of the Company.



     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
     The majority of the members of the remuneration committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December
     2019, the members of the remuneration committee included Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, the chairman of the remuneration
     committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and Mr. Xu Wen. The remuneration committee adopted the written terms of reference which were
     basically the same as those set forth in code provision B.1.2 of the Code. The remuneration committee is principally responsible
     for assessing performance of executive Directors, approving executive Directors’ service contracts, reviewing and determining,
     with delegated responsibility, the remuneration policy and packages of the individual executive Directors and senior management.
     This includes benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss on
     termination of their office or appointment. No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

     During the Year, one meeting has been held by the remuneration committee. The remuneration committee had discussed and
     reviewed the remuneration packages for all Directors and senior management. The record of attendance of members at such
     meetings is set out on page 31 of this annual report.



     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
     The majority of the members of the nomination committee were independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December 2019,
     the members of the nomination committee included Mr. Xu Wen, the chairman of the nomination committee, Mr. Nie Zhixin and
     Mr. Chen Haiquan. The nomination committee’s terms of reference are basically the same as those set forth in code provision A.5.2
     of the Code. The nomination committee is principally responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board,
     and selecting and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and senior management.




32   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




During the Year, one meeting has been held by the nomination committee to review the structure, size and composition of the
Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. The record of attendance of members at such meetings
is set out on page 31 of this annual report.



SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set
forth in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the Directors. The
Company, having made detailed and cautious enquiries, confirmed that all Directors have abided by the Model Code for the
Year.



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance
with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure
that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The Directors are responsible for ensuring the maintenance of proper accounting records of the Company and taking reasonable
steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The reporting responsibilities of the external auditor,
PricewaterhouseCoopers are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 41 to page 45 of the annual report.



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Duties of the Board and the Management
The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and has the responsibility to review the effectiveness
of the system. The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is willing to
take in achieving strategic objectives, and monitoring the establishment and maintenance by the management of appropriate and
effective risk management and internal control systems. The management is responsible for designing and maintaining an effective
risk management and internal control system as well as providing confirmations to the Board on the effectiveness of the system.

Sound risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material misstatements or
losses.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            33
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Risk Management
     1.   Establishment of a risk management system and structure
          Based on the work completed in the prior year, the Group has continued to improve the risk management system structure
          at the group level to guide the risk assessment activities and ongoing risk monitoring activities for various departments by
          way of the following:

               Established a risk management organizational structure — An organizational structure with the audit
                committee as the decision-maker and the leading groups and management of various business segments of the Group
                as the implementation unit, has been established to divide risk management responsibilities and set out clear
                responsibilities for risk management and the risk information reporting line.

                The main roles and responsibilities of the risk management system are as follows:


                  Roles                             Primary Duties


                  Board (Decision-maker)            •      Assess and determine the nature of the risk and the degree of acceptance
                                                           to ensure the achievement of strategic objectives
                                                    •      Ensure the establishment and maintenance of an effective risk management
                                                           and internal control system
                                                    •      Supervise management for the design, implementation and monitoring of
                                                           the risk management and internal control system

                  Audit Committee (Decision-        •      Review the structure and responsibilities of risk management and
                    maker)                                 continuously monitor its effectiveness, review the basic risk management
                                                           system
                                                    •      Supervise the management for the design, implementation and monitoring
                                                           of the risk management and internal control system
                                                    •      Monitor significant control failures or weaknesses that have been identified
                                                           during the period, and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen
                                                           outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
                                                           future have, a material impact on the Company’s financial performance or
                                                           condition




34   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




         Roles                             Primary Duties

         Senior management of the          •     Responsible for the development of risk management system, regularly
           Group (Leadership)                    review the Company’s risk management policies and system
                                           •     Design, implement and supervise the risk management work of the Group,
                                                 report on risk management to the audit committee on a regular basis, and
                                                 report and disclose significant risk information to the audit committee
                                           •     Provide the audit committee with the confirmation of the effectiveness of the
                                                 risk management system

         Management at the                 •     Regularly update the list of risks involved in the relevant activities, and
          headquarters of the Group              carry out risk identification and evaluation and other related work
          and management of various        •     Develop and implement a risk response program for the relevant activities
          departments (Implementer)        •     Responsible for the implementation of specific risk management measures
                                           •     Monitor all kinds of risks involved in the relevant activities, timely report to
                                                 the risk management coordinator and risk management leadership on risk
                                                 information
                                           •     Conduct other relevant work on risk management

         Risk management coordinators      •     Coordinate risk identification and assessment work
                                           •     Organize the preparation of regular risk assessment reports, summarize
                                                 and submit the results to the risk management leadership
                                           •     Organize and coordinate risk management training and guidance

         Internal audit function           •     a risk management supervising department, responsible for supervising risk
                                                 management work of the Group and various business segments

      Updated the risk assessment criteria — During the Year, in response to the changes in internal and external
       environment, taking into account the business nature, operation characteristics and strategic objectives of the Group
       and each segment and the risk appetite of the management, the Group updated the risk assessment standards
       applicable to each business segment and carried out the assessment on the risks that are most likely to affect the
       achievement of the corporate objectives by using commonly recognized assessment methods and assessment criteria.




                                                                Annual Report 2019      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              35
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




             Established and standardized risk management workflow — A risk management workflow covering
              major steps including identification, analysis, response, monitoring and reporting (please refer to figure 1 “Risk
              management workflow” below for details) has been established to systematically organize, mitigate and monitor risks.
              The main elements include, for the purposes of business objectives of the Group and various business segments,
              identifying the risk factors that affect the achievement of business objectives, assessing the likelihood and potential
              impacts of each specific risk; adopting measures to deal with the risks identified; and continuously monitoring the
              changes in risks and timely adjusting countermeasures. During the Year, the Group reviewed, adjusted and improved
              the risk management workflow, improving the efficiency and standardization of its operation.

             Determined the risk management review frequency — The frequency of risk management assessment
              and reporting of the Group was determined (to be at least once a year), and the aforesaid key elements have been
              incorporated in the Risk Management Manual of the Group to standardize the forms and frequency of reporting.




                                                Figure 1: Risk management workflow




36   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




2.   Risk assessment work of the Group for 2019
     In addition to the aforesaid risk management framework at the group level, the management of the Group also engaged
     external advisors to assist in the continuous maintenance of the risk management system in 2019, details of which include
     the following:

     •    Advance the implementation of material risk assessment results of the Group for the prior year
          During the Year, the management of the Group followed up on the implementation of the measures in respect of the
          areas for improvement in management and control identified in the risk assessment for the prior year, establishing a
          continuous management and control cycle model of “Risk identification — Implementation of risk countermeasures —
          Review effectiveness of the implementation of risk response measures — Continuous optimization of risk management
          and control” in order to ensure that the material risk management gaps have been effectively improved and to
          continuously improve the Group’s ability to prevent and cope with risks (for details, please refer to Figure 2: Risk
          assessment, management and control model).




                                 Figure 2: Risk assessment, management and control model

     •    Conduct a comprehensive review of risk management system of the Group for the year of 2019
          The management of the Group updated the risk assessment standards and the risk database based on the changes in
          the external market environment and the internal operating environment, the progress of business and risk appetite. In
          addition, it adopted a systematic risk assessment method to review the changes in the nature and degree of the
          material risks that its business segments face, identified the material risks facing its business segments, analyzed the
          status of risk management and control and countermeasures to be adopted and key risk management strategies, and
          reported the risk assessment results to the audit committee. The audit committee reviewed and assessed the changes
          in the nature and degree of material risks on behalf of the Board, and completed the review of the risk management
          systems and considered these systems effective and sufficient.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            37
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Internal Control
     1.   Establishment of an internal control management framework
          The Group has established its own internal control system by making reference to the internal control and management
          framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (please refer to figure 3:
          COSO internal control management framework). The Group’s risk management system consists of five interdependent
          elements, which coordinate and operate to ensure the effectiveness of internal control functions of the Group. The five
          elements are: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication and monitoring
          activities.




                                        Figure 3: COSO internal control management framework

          The internal control system of the Group, as an integral part of its risk management, is established based on the risks facing
          the Group. The management at the headquarters of the Group, its business segments and departments has designed and
          implemented a series of policies and procedures in view of the process relating to finance, operation and compliance, and
          monitors the implementation of these policies and procedures and their effectiveness.

     2.   Internal Audit
          The Group has in place internal control functions. Management has developed measures for improvement in view of the
          vulnerabilities and weaknesses identified during the internal controls review, which are followed up on by the Supervision
          Department on a regular basis to ensure the timely implementation of the relevant measures for improvement.




38   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




REVIEW OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM
During the Year, the Board, through the audit committee, conducted a comprehensive review of the risk management and internal
control systems of the Group for the financial year of 2019, which mainly involved the continuous advancement of risk assessment
and the major assessment of the results of the internal control review for the prior year as well as the risk assessment and internal
control review for key business process for the Year and covered the Group and its major business segments. All important
aspects of control, including financial, operation and compliance areas, were reviewed, and the natures and severity of major
risks as well as the Group’s ability to cope with the changes in its business and external environment, were reviewed, and these
systems were considered effective and sufficient.

The audit committee has reviewed the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the Company on accounting, internal audit
and financial reporting functions as well as its staff training programs and budget and confirmed the adequacy of the same.



AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the Year, the emolument to the external auditor of the Company for the annual audit and review of interim financial statements
amounted to approximately RMB2,600,000 and the emolument of the external auditor of the Company for providing non-audit
services including consultation and advisory service regarding to corporate governance reporting and environmental, social and
governance reporting amounted to approximately RMB900,000.



AMENDMENTS TO THE COMPANY’S CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the Year, the Company did not amend its Bye-laws.



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up share capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at the general meetings of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”) shall at all times have the
right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”), to require a
special general meeting (“SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and
such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene a
SGM must deposit a written requisition (the “Requisition”) signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned to the principal
place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai,
Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition the Board fails to proceed to convene such SGM, the Eligible Shareholder(s)
himself/herself/themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            39
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     RIGHT TO NOMINATE DIRECTORS FOR ELECTION AT GENERAL MEETINGS
     Shareholder who wishes to propose a person other than a Director of the Company for election as a Director must deposit a
     written notice (the “Notice”) to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at 23rd Floor, China Evergrande
     Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, or the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar”), at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong,
     for the attention of the Company Secretary. The Notice must state clearly the name of the Shareholder(s) and his/her/their
     shareholding, the full name of the person proposed for election as a Director, including the person’s biographical details as
     required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, and be signed by the Shareholder concerned (not the person to be nominated).
     The Notice must also be accompanied by a letter of consent signed by the person nominated to be elected on his/her
     willingness to be elected as a Director.

     The period for lodgment of the Notice will commence on the day after the dispatch of the notice of the general meeting held for
     the election of Directors and end no later than seven (7) days prior to the date of such general meeting.

     The Notice will be verified by the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and upon their confirmation that the request is proper and
     in compliance with the rules of procedures, the Company Secretary will ask the nomination committee of the Company and the
     Board to consider to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting proposing such person to be elected as a
     Director.

     The right and procedures to convene a general meeting and to demand a poll on resolutions at general meetings by Shareholders
     are set out in the Company’s amended and restated Bye-laws headed “General Meetings”, “Notice of General Meetings”,
     “Proceedings At General Meetings” and “Voting”.



     DISCLAIMERS
     The contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings” in
     this report are for reference only and in compliance with disclosure requirements, which do not represent and shall not be
     regarded as legal or other professional advice to the Shareholders. Shareholders should seek their independent legal or other
     professional advice as to their rights as shareholders of the Company. The Company disclaims any liability for all liabilities and
     losses incurred by the Shareholders in reliance upon any contents of the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights” and “Right to
     Nominate Directors for Election at General Meetings”.



     INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company emphasises communication with institutional investors so as to enhance the transparency of the Company, and
     stresses the importance of channels to collect and respond to the opinions of institutional investors. The Company released
     information and responded to questions from the media through press conferences and the Company’s website, and
     communicated with the media on a regular basis.

     Shareholders, investors and the media can make enquiries with us by the following methods:

     By telephone: (852) 2287 9208/2287 9218/2287 9207
     By post: 23rd Floor, China Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong



40   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Shareholders of HengTen Networks Group Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



OPINION
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set
out on pages 46 to 123, which comprise:

•     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            41
     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     Independence
     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
     and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
     financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
     statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

     Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to recoverability of trade and other receivables.


       Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


       Recoverability of trade and other receivables                     We performed the following procedures to
                                                                         address this key audit matter:

       Refer to Note 4 (a) — Critical accounting estimates and           (i)     We understood, evaluated and validated the controls
       judgements and Note 14 — Trade and other receivables                      over the assessment of the expected credit loss of trade
       to the consolidated financial statements.                                 and other receivables. Those controls were related to
                                                                                 the identification of impaired receivables and the
       As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of trade                      quantification and recording of impairment provisions.
       and other receivables amounted to RMB107,284,000 (after
       provision of RMB5,522,000), representing approximately 7%         (ii)    We tested the accuracy of ageing analysis of
       of the Group’s total assets.                                              receivables balances prepared by management on a
                                                                                 sample basis.
       The Group applies HKFRS 9 to measure expected credit
       loss. Trade and other receivables have been assessed for          (iii)   We assessed the expected credit loss rate by checking
       impairment on a collective group basis based on different                 the supporting evidence, including subsequent
       credit risk characteristics.                                              settlements, credit history, business performance,
                                                                                 financial capability of these customers and forecast
       We focused on this area due to the significant judgements                 market condition.
       involved in measuring expected credit loss rate.
                                                                         (iv)    We examined samples of receivables which had been
                                                                                 identified as impaired by management and formed our
                                                                                 own judgement as to whether management judgement
                                                                                 was appropriate, including assessing the
                                                                                 appropriateness of the Group’s grouping and
                                                                                 calculation of expected credit loss.

                                                                         Based on our work performed, we found that management’s
                                                                         judgement on the estimates of impairment provision was
                                                                         supported by the available evidence.




42   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             Annual Report 2019
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            43
     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other
     purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
     will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
     if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
     basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
           design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
           to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
           one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
           internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
           the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
           the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
           draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
           are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
           and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
           achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
           the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
           and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




44   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yeung Chor Ho.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 24 March 2020




                                                                      Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            45
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position



                                                                                   31 December    31 December
                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                          Notes        RMB’000       RMB’000


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                         6          17,457         15,384
      Lease receivables                                                    2.2          3,411             —
      Right-of-use assets                                                 2.2, 7       16,364             —
      Intangible assets                                                     8           2,929          6,777
      Investment properties                                                 9               —         15,800
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    12             631            589
      Prepayments                                                          13             104            166
      Deferred tax assets                                                  21           7,295         20,195


                                                                                       48,191         58,911


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                          10           30,317        43,119
      Other current assets                                                 13           35,401        11,275
      Trade and other receivables                                          14          107,284        91,439
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                15            3,311            —
      Cash and cash equivalents                                            16        1,313,301     1,227,239


                                                                                     1,489,614     1,373,072


      Total assets                                                                   1,537,805     1,431,983


      EQUITY
      Capital and reserves attributable to
        owners of the Company
      Share capital                                                        17          150,172        150,172
      Share premium                                                        17        4,454,940      4,454,940
      Other reserves                                                       18           80,890         63,598
      Accumulated losses                                                            (3,544,451)    (3,627,632)


                                                                                     1,141,551     1,041,078
      Non-controlling interests                                                              —         1,563


      Total equity                                                                   1,141,551     1,042,641




46   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)




                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                Notes         RMB’000          RMB’000


  LIABILITIES
  Non-current liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                             2.2, 7            6,654             —
  Borrowings                                                                     19                   —         52,632
  Obligations under finance leases                                               20                   —            115
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                       21                   —          3,657


                                                                                                  6,654         56,404


  Current liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                             2.2, 7           13,471             —
  Contract liabilities                                                           5(e)            18,143         51,323
  Borrowings                                                                     19              53,571             —
  Obligations under finance leases                                               20                   —            370
  Trade payables                                                                 22              15,554         24,665
  Other payables                                                                 23             284,229        211,582
  Current income tax liabilities                                                                  4,632         44,998


                                                                                                389,600        332,938


  Total liabilities                                                                             396,254        389,342


  Total equity and liabilities                                                              1,537,805        1,431,983


The notes on pages 53 to 123 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

The financial statements on pages 46 to 123 were approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2020 and were signed on
its behalf.




                           Xu Wen                                                        Huang Xiangui
                            Director                                                        Director




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   47
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income



                                                                                        2019       2018
                                                                            Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                 5       337,300     499,419
      Cost of sales                                                          24      (134,910)   (141,788)


      Gross profit                                                                   202,390     357,631

      Selling and marketing costs                                            24       (72,771)     (93,913)
      Administrative expenses                                                24       (72,935)   (116,857)
      Net reversal of impairment losses on financial assets                 3.1(d)      1,641        (6,661)
      Other income                                                           26        10,324         9,453
      Other expenses                                                         27        (3,489)       (8,580)
      Other gains/(losses) — net                                             28        21,115        (6,413)


      Operating profit                                                                86,275     134,660

      Finance costs                                                          29       (3,804)       (2,544)
      Finance income                                                         29       26,643       14,001


      Finance income — net                                                   29       22,839       11,457


      Profit before income tax                                                       109,114     146,117

      Income tax expenses                                                    30       (17,041)    (20,861)


      Profit for the year                                                             92,073     125,256


      Other comprehensive income                                            18(a)
      Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
      Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                       42           (56)
      Currency translation difference                                                 10,366       36,386


      Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                             10,408       36,330


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                        102,481     161,586




48   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Continued)




                                                                                                   2019         2018
                                                                                 Notes          RMB’000       RMB’000


  Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                          90,065       124,496
  Non-controlling interests                                                                       2,008           760


                                                                                                 92,073       125,256


  Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                         100,473       160,826
  Non-controlling interests                                                                       2,008           760


                                                                                                102,481       161,586


  Earnings per share for profit attributable to
    the owners of the Company for the year:                                        31
    (expressed in RMB cents per share)
  Basic earnings per share                                                                       0.1118        0.1545


  Diluted earnings per share                                                                     0.1118        0.1499


The notes on pages 53 to 123 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   49
     Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity



                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                     Non-
                                              Share        Share         Other    Accumulated                   controlling        Total
                                            capital     premium        reserves        losses           Total     interests      equity
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                          (Note 17)    (Note 17)     (Note 18)


      Balance at 1 January
        2018                              150,172     4,454,940         9,234      (3,734,094)      880,252           803      881,055


      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                       —            —              —        124,496        124,496           760      125,256


      Other comprehensive
        income
      Changes in the fair value of debt
        instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income                                  —            —            (56)                 —         (56)           —           (56)
      Currency translation difference           —            —        36,386                   —     36,386             —       36,386


      Total other comprehensive
        income                                  —            —        36,330                   —     36,330             —       36,330


      Total comprehensive
        income                                  —            —        36,330         124,496        160,826           760      161,586


      Transactions with owners
      Transfer to statutory reserve
         (Note 18(b))                           —            —        18,034          (18,034)            —             —            —


      Total transactions with
        owners                                  —            —        18,034          (18,034)            —             —            —


      Balance at 31 December
        2018                              150,172     4,454,940       63,598       (3,627,632)     1,041,078       1,563      1,042,641




50   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity (Continued)




                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                             Non-
                                         Share         Share       Other Accumulated                    controlling      Total
                                        capital     premium     reserves         losses         Total     interests     equity
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                      (Note 17)     (Note 17)   (Note 18)


  Balance at 1 January
    2019                              150,172 4,454,940           63,598    (3,627,632) 1,041,078           1,563 1,042,641


  Comprehensive income
  Profit for the year                        —             —           —       90,065        90,065         2,008      92,073


  Other comprehensive
    income
  Changes in the fair value of debt
    instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive
    income                                   —             —          42             —            42             —         42
  Currency translation difference            —             —      10,366             —       10,366              —     10,366


  Total other comprehensive
    income                                   —             —      10,408             —       10,408              —     10,408


  Total comprehensive
    income                                   —             —      10,408       90,065       100,473         2,008     102,481


  Transactions with owners
  Transfer to statutory reserve
    (Note 18(b))                             —             —       6,884        (6,884)            —             —          —
  Disposal of subsidiaries                   —             —           —             —             —        (3,571)    (3,571)


  Total transactions with
    owners                                   —             —       6,884        (6,884)            —        (3,571)    (3,571)


  Balance at 31 December
    2019                              150,172 4,454,940           80,890    (3,544,451) 1,141,551                — 1,141,551


The notes on pages 53 to 123 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED       51
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows



                                                                                               Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                              31 December       31 December
                                                                                                     2019             2018
                                                                                     Notes        RMB’000          RMB’000


       Cash flows from operating activities
       Cash generated from operations                                                 32             116,581       277,896
       Interest paid                                                                                  (2,603)         (2,446)
       Interest received                                                                              26,643         14,001
       Income tax paid                                                                               (42,830)       (42,235)


       Net cash generated from operating activities                                                   97,791       247,216


       Cash flows from investing activities
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                     (13,901)        (4,189)
       Purchase of intangible assets                                                                       —         (2,689)
       Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              (3,462)            —
       Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                         36               3,474             —
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           160              2
       Proceeds from disposal of held-for-trading equity investment                                        —        48,150
       Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                  26                   —          1,434
       Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                 26                  44             51


       Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                        (13,685)       42,759


       Cash flows from financing activities
       Repayment of principal elements of lease (2018: Repayment of obligations
         under finance leases)                                                                       (11,193)          (417)


       Net cash used in financing activities                                                         (11,193)          (417)


       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    72,913         289,558
       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                    1,227,239         901,165
       Exchange gain on cash and cash equivalents                                                   13,149          36,516


       Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                  1,313,301       1,227,239


     The notes on pages 53 to 123 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




52   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and is engaged in
    investment holding. The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda.

    The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally engaged in internet community services and related
    businesses, manufacture and sales of accessories for photographic and electrical products, investment and trading of
    securities and property investment.

    The Company has its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise stated. These consolidated
    financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors (the “Board”, or “Directors”) of the Company
    on 24 March 2020.



2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
    These policies have been consistently applied to all the year presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are
    for the Group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries.

    2.1 Basis of preparation
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong
          Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
          (“HKCO”) Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except
          for the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss and investment properties which are carried at fair value.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
          estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
          policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
          are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.

          (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting
                period commencing 1 January 2019:

                  HKFRS 16                                               Leases
                  HK (IFRIC) 23                                          Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
                  Amendments to HKFRS 9                                  Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
                  Amendments to HKAS 28                                  Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
                  Amendments to HKAS 19                                  Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
                  Annual Improvements to HKFRS Standards
                    2015–2017 Cycle




                                                                     Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            53
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
              (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group (Continued)
                    The Group had to change its accounting policies as a result of adopting HKFRS 16. The Group elected to
                    adopt the new rules retrospectively but recognised the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard
                    on 1 January 2019. This is disclosed in Note 2.2. Most of the other amendments listed above did not have
                    any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current
                    or future periods.

              (b) New and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not effective for
                  the financial year beginning on 1 January 2019 and have not been early adopted by
                  the Group

                                                                                                         Effective for annual
                                                                                                          periods beginning
                                                                                                                   on or after


                      Amendments to HKFRS 3                     Definition of a Business                         1 January 2020
                      Amendments to HKAS 1 and                  Definition of Material                           1 January 2020
                       HKAS 8
                      Amendments to HKFRS 39,                   Hedge Accounting                                 1 January 2020
                       HKFRS 7 and HKFRS 9
                      HKFRS 17                                  Insurance Contracts                              1 January 2021
                      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                Sale or Contribution of Assets between          To be determined
                       HKAS 28                                     an Investor and its Associate or
                                                                   Joint Venture


                    The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards,
                    interpretation and amendments. According to the preliminary assessment made by the directors, no significant
                    impact on the financial performance and position of the Group is expected when they become effective.

         2.2 Changes in accounting policies
              This note explains the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16 Leases on the Group’s financial statements.

              The Group has adopted HKFRS 16 from its mandatory adoption date of 1 January 2019. The Group has applied
              the simplified transition approach and has not restated comparative amounts for the 2018 reporting period. Right-of-
              use assets will be measured at the amount of the lease liability on adoption (adjusted for any prepaid or accrued
              lease expenses). The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from the new leasing rules are therefore recognised
              in the opening balance sheet on 1 January 2019. The new accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2.27.

              On adoption of HKFRS 16, the Group recognised lease liabilities in relation to leases which had previously been
              classified as “operating leases” under the principles of HKAS 17 Leases. These liabilities were measured at the
              present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as of 1
              January 2019.


54   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED       Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.2 Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
       For leases previously classified as finance leases, the entity recognised the carrying amount of the lease asset and
       lease liability immediately before transition as the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability at the
       date of initial application. The measurement principles of HKFRS 16 are only applied after that date. The
       remeasurements to the lease liabilities were recognised as adjustments to the related right-of-use assets immediately
       after the date of initial application.

       (a) Practical expedients applied
             In applying HKFRS 16 for the first time, the Group has used the following practical expedients permitted by the
             standard:

             •     the use of a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics

             •     reliance on previous assessments on whether leases are onerous

             •     the accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as at 1 January
                   2019 as short-term leases

             •     the exclusion of initial direct costs for the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial
                   application, and

             •     the use of hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or
                   terminate the lease.

             The Group has also elected not to reassess whether a contract is, or contains a lease at the date of initial
             application. Instead, for contracts entered into before the transition date, the Group relied on its assessment
             made applying HKAS 17 and Interpretation 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              55
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.2 Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
              (b) Measurement of lease liabilities

                                                                                                                              2019
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


                      Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018 (Note 33)                                  48,292
                      Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate of the date of initial application             46,163
                      Add: finance lease liabilities recognised as at 31 December 2018 (Note 20)                                 485
                      Less: short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                  (1,427)
                      Less: contracts reassessed as service agreements                                                       (16,342)


                      Lease liability recognised as at 1 January 2019                                                         28,879


                      Of which are:
                       Current lease liabilities                                                                              11,400


                        Non-current lease liabilities                                                                         17,479


              (c)   Measurement of right-of-use assets
                    Under the simplified transition approach, the associated right-of-use assets were measured at the amount equal
                    to the lease liabilities on adoption, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating
                    to that lease recognised in the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018. There was a sub-lease classified as a
                    finance lease as it transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the right-of-use
                    asset, and an adjustment was required to the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application.

                    The recognised right-of-use assets mainly relate to the following types of assets:


                                                                                                 31 December                 1 January
                                                                                                        2019                     2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000


                      Warehouses                                                                         10,970               19,150
                      Plant and equipments                                                                5,394                4,402


                      Total right-of-use assets                                                          16,364               23,552




56   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.2 Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
       (d) Adjustments recognised in the balance sheet on 1 January 2019
            The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the balance sheet on 1 January 2019:

            •     property, plant and equipment — decrease by RMB748,000

            •     right-of-use assets — increase by RMB23,552,000

            •     lease receivables — increase by RMB5,590,000

            •     lease liabilities — increase by RMB28,879,000

            •     obligations under finance lease — decrease by RMB485,000

            There is no impact on the retained earnings on 1 January 2019.

            The net profit after tax of the Group decreased by RMB214,000 for the year ended 31 December 2019 as a
            result of adoption of HKFRS 16.

    2.3 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
       (a) Subsidiaries
            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has controlled. The Group
            controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
            entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries
            are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from
            the date that control ceases.

            Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are
            eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of
            the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
            consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

            Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance
            sheet respectively.

    2.4 Separate financial statements
       Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of
       investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and
       receivable.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED               57
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.4 Separate financial statements (Continued)
              Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments if the
              dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the
              carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the
              consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

         2.5 Segment reporting
              Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
              decision-makers (the “CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance
              of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic
              decisions.

         2.6 Foreign currency translation
              (a) Functional and presentation currency
                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                    primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                    financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the presentation currency of the Company. The functional
                    currency of the Company is HK$.

              (b) Transactions and balances
                    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of
                    the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
                    the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates
                    are generally recognised in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow
                    hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
                    operation.

                    Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of profit or loss,
                    within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of profit or loss
                    on a net basis within other gains/(losses) — net.

              (c)   Group companies
                    The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
                    economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
                    presentation currency as follows:

                    •     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                          balance sheet




58   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.6 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
       (c)   Group companies (Continued)
             •     income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of comprehensive income are
                   translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative
                   effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated
                   at the dates of the transactions), and

             •     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

    2.7 Property, plant and equipment
       Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment loss. Historical cost
       includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

       Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
       when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
       item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and
       maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

       Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to
       their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

       Buildings                                                   20 years
       Leasehold improvements                                      Shorter of lease term and useful life
       Plant and machinery                                         5–10 years
       Furniture, fixtures and equipment                           5–10 years
       Network equipment                                           3 years
       Motor vehicles                                              4–5 years

       The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date.

       An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
       greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

       Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
       recognised within “Other gains/(losses) — net” in profit or loss.

       Assets under construction are stated at historical cost less impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that
       is directly attributable to the development of the assets which comprises construction costs, amortisation of land use
       rights, borrowing costs and professional fees incurred during the development period. On completion, the assets are
       transferred to buildings within property, plant and equipment.




                                                                  Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            59
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.7 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
              No depreciation is provided for assets under construction. The carrying amount of an asset under construction is
              written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated
              recoverable amount.

         2.8 Intangible assets
              (a) Acquired internet platform
                   Separately acquired internet platform is shown at historical cost. The platform has a finite useful life and is
                   carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

                   Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated useful lives of
                   three years.

              (b) Internal development costs
                   Internal costs incurred on development projects (relating to the upgrade of the internet platform) are capitalised
                   as intangible assets when recognition criteria are met:

                   •     it is technically feasible to complete the application so that it will be available for use;

                   •     management intends to complete the application and use or sell it;

                   •     there is an ability to use or sell the application;

                   •     it can be demonstrated how the application will generate probable future economic benefits;

                   •     adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
                         application are available; and

                   •     the expenditure attributable to the application during its development can be reliably measured.

                   Directly attributable costs that are capitalised include employment costs and an appropriate portion of relevant
                   overheads. Development costs previously recognised as an expense is not recognised as an asset in a
                   subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the
                   point at which the asset is ready for use on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

                   Research expenditure and development expenditure that do not meet the capitalisation criteria are recognised
                   as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an
                   asset in a subsequent period.




60   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.8 Intangible assets (Continued)
       (c)   Patent
             Separately acquired patent used right is shown at historical cost. The patent has a finite useful life and is
             carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.

             Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost over its estimated useful lives of ten
             years.

    2.9 Investment properties
       Property and land use rights that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are
       not occupied by the Group, are classified as investment property.

       Investment property is initially measured at its cost, including related transaction costs. Subsequently, they are carried
       at fair value. Changes in fair values are presented in consolidated statement of comprehensive income as part of
       other gains/(losses)— net.

    2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets
       Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
       impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other
       assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
       not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
       recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
       use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
       identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets
       (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible
       reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

    2.11 Investments and other financial assets
       (a) Classification
             From 1 January 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

             •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss), and

             •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

             The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
             terms of the cash flows.

             For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
             investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made
             an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             61
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.11 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
              (a) Classification (Continued)
                    The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                    changes.

              (b) Recognition and derecognition
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
                    Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash
                    flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
                    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

              (c)   Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                    not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                    costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                    cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                    Debt instruments
                    Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
                    and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
                    classifies its debt instruments:

                    •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                          represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                          these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                          loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses)
                          — net together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line
                          item in the statement of profit or loss.

                    •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                          where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI.
                          Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains
                          or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss.
                          When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is
                          reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses) — net. Interest income
                          from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign
                          exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) — net and impairment expenses are
                          presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.




62   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.11 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Debt instruments (Continued)
             •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or
                   loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and
                   presented net within other gains/(losses) — net in the period in which it arises.

             Equity instruments
             The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
             elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
             reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment.
             Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s
             right to receive payments is established.

             Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the statement of
             profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
             measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

       (d) Impairment
             From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated
             with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends
             on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

             For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
             expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables, see Note 3.1(d) for further
             details.

    2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
       Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet where the Group currently
       has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
       realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet
       the criteria for offsetting but still allow for the related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as
       bankruptcy or the termination of a contract.

    2.13 Inventories
       Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost
       comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure,
       the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost excludes borrowing costs. Costs are
       assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Net realisable value is the estimated
       selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
       necessary to make the sale.




                                                                 Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            63
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.14 Trade receivables
              Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course
              of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
              business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

              Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain
              significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with
              the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using
              the effective interest method, less loss allowance.

              See Note 14 for further information about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1(d) for a
              description of the Group’s impairment policies.

         2.15 Cash and cash equivalents
              For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand,
              deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of
              three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant
              risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the
              balance sheet.

         2.16 Share capital
              Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new share or options
              are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

         2.17 Trade and other payables
              These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
              which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. Trade and other
              payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period.
              They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
              method.

         2.18 Borrowings
              Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated
              at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is
              recognised in the profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

              Fees paid to the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
              probable that part or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
              occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the
              fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
              relates.



64   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.18 Borrowings (Continued)
       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
       liability for at least 12 months after the respective balance sheet date.

    2.19 Borrowing costs
       General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a
       qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its
       intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for
       their intended use or sale.

       Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
       assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

       Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

    2.20 Current and deferred income tax
       The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on
       the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
       attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

       (a) Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
             end of the reporting period in the countries where the company’s subsidiaries and associates operate and
             generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to
             situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where
             appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

       (b) Deferred income tax
             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
             tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
             deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
             tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than
             a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
             Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
             by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
             realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined assuming
             the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

             Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
             available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              65
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.20 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
              (b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                   and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
                   tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a
                   net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                   Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
                   subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference
                   will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference
                   can be utilised.

                   Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in
                   other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive
                   income or directly in equity, respectively.

         2.21 Employee benefits
              (a) Employee leave entitlements
                   Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to employees.
                   A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a result of services
                   rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.

                   Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

              (b) Retirement benefits
                   In accordance with the rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the PRC based
                   employees of the Group participate in various defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by the
                   relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC under which the Group and the PRC based
                   employees are required to make monthly contributions to these plans calculated at a percentage of the
                   employees’ salaries.

                   The municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing
                   and future retired PRC based employees’ payable under the plans described above. Other than the monthly
                   contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and other post-retirement
                   benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from those of the Group in
                   independently administrated funds managed by the PRC government.

                   The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the Mandatory Provident
                   Fund Scheme Ordinance (“MPF Scheme”) for all employees in Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution
                   retirement scheme. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution
                   requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income. The assets of this pension scheme are
                   held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.

                   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement schemes are expensed as incurred.

66   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.22 Provision
       Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
       is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
       estimated. Provisions are not recognised for further operating losses.

       Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
       determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
       outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

       Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
       present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-
       tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
       increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

    2.23 Revenue recognition
       Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of goods and provision
       of internet platform services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown, net of discounts and
       after eliminating sales with the Group companies. The Group recognises revenue when control of the goods has
       transferred or services has been rendered in the accounting period for each of the Group’s activities, as described
       below.

       Sales of goods
       The Group manufactures and sells accessories for photographic and electrical products in wholesale market, and
       sells building furnishing materials in wholesale and retail market. Revenue from sales of goods are recognised when
       the products have been delivered to the customers.

       Provision of internet community services
       The Group provides an internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit furniture and home appliance products and
       another internet platform on which suppliers can exhibit building furnishing materials, and the users can access and
       purchase these products from the platform offered by suppliers. The Group is not the primary obligor, does not bear
       the inventory risk nor have the ability to establish the price. Upon successful sales, the Group will charge the suppliers
       a service fee based on the transactions amount. The suppliers are our customers as these suppliers are the primary
       obligor to provide goods and delivery service to the users and the performance obligation of the Group is to provide
       matching service for the suppliers. The platform service fee is determined as a percentage of the transaction amount
       achieved by using the Group’s platform and paid by suppliers as commission revenue. The Group acts as an agent
       in this transaction and recognises revenue when the matching service is completed.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             67
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.24 Earnings per share
              (a) Basic earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                    •     the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than
                          ordinary shares

                    •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for
                          bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

              (b) Diluted earnings per share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
                    account:

                    •     the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
                          shares, and

                    •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming
                          the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

         2.25 Interest income
              Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in net change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss on these assets, see Note 15 below.

              Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in the
              consolidated statement of comprehensive income as part of other income.

              Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
              management purposes.

              Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
              except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
              interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).

         2.26 Dividend income
              Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are recognised as other
              income in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of pre-
              acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an investment. In this case,
              the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured at FVOCI. However, the investment may
              need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.




68   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    2.27 Leases
       As explained in Note 2.2 above, the Group has changed its accounting policy for leases where the Group is the
       lessee. The new policy is described below.

       Until 31 December 2018, leases of cars where the Group, as lessee, had substantially all the risks and rewards of
       ownership were classified as finance leases (Note 6). Finance leases were capitalised at the lease’s inception at the
       fair value of the leased cars or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding rental
       obligations, net of finance charges, were included in other short-term and long-term payables. Each lease payment
       was allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost was charged to profit or loss over the lease
       period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
       The cars acquired under finance leases were depreciated over the asset’s useful life or over the shorter of the asset’s
       useful life and the lease term if there is no reasonable certainty that the Group will obtain ownership at the end of the
       lease term.

       Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership were not transferred to the Group as
       lessee were classified as operating leases (Note 33). Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives
       received from the lessor) were charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

       From 1 January 2019, leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which
       the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

       Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
       net present value of the following lease payments:

       •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

       •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
             the commencement date

       •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

       •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

       •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

       Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
       liability.

       The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
       determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
       being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
       value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             69
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         2.27 Leases (Continued)
              To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

              •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
                    to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

              •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by
                    HengTen Networks Group Limited, which does not have recent third party financing, and makes adjustments
                    specific to the lease, e.g., term, country, currency and security.

              The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are
              not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or
              rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

              Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
              the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
              each period.

              Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

              •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

              •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

              •     any initial direct costs, and

              •     restoration costs.

              Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
              line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over
              the underlying asset’s useful life.

              Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis
              as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

         2.28 Dividend distribution
              Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
              discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting
              period.




70   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
    3.1 Financial risk factor
       The Group’s major financial instruments include cash and bank deposits, trade and other receivables, trade and other
       payables and borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks
       associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
       Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and
       effective manner.

       (a) Foreign exchange risk
             Several subsidiaries of the Group have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the Group to
             foreign currency risk. In addition, certain trade and other receivables, bank balances, trade and other payables
             of the Group are denominated in HK$, United States dollars (“US$”), Euro (“EUR”) and RMB, currencies other
             than the functional currencies of respective group entities. The Group has not entered into forward exchange
             contract to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk.

             The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end of
             the reporting period are approximately as follows:

                                                      HK$ against        EUR against RMB against
               As at 31 December 2019                       RMB                HK$         HK$                    Total
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000


               Monetary assets
                — Trade and other receivables                       —               45                87              132
                — Cash and cash equivalents                         2              130                21              153


                                                                    2              175              108               285


               Monetary liabilities
                — Trade and other payables                          —                —           (2,992)           (2,992)


                                                         HK$ against        EUR against      RMB against
               As at 31 December 2018                          RMB                HK$              HK$               Total
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


               Monetary assets
                — Trade and other receivables                      —                 48              154               202
                — Cash and cash equivalents                       800                13               20               833


                                                                  800                61              174            1,035


               Monetary liabilities
                — Trade and other payables                          —                —            (2,068)           (2,068)


                                                                Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           71
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
         3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
              (a) Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                    The functional current of the Company and certain subsidiaries is HK$ because their activities are principally
                    conducted in HK$. As at 31 December 2019, there are assets and liabilities of approximately
                    RMB706,513,000 (31 December 2018: approximately RMB683,548,000) and approximately RMB32,000
                    (31 December 2018: approximately RMB96,000) denominated in US$. Under the Linked Exchange Rate
                    System in Hong Kong, HK$ is pegged to US$, management considers that there is no significant foreign
                    exchange risk with respect to US$.

                    As at 31 December 2019, if HK$ had strengthened/weakened by 5% against all foreign currencies, with all
                    other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the net assets as at
                    31 December 2019 would have been increased/decreased by approximately RMB136,000 (for the year
                    ended 31 December 2018: post-tax loss increased/decreased by approximately RMB132,000).

              (b) Price risk
                    The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk in connection with the financial assets at FVOCI and certain
                    financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group, which are traded in the market. The
                    Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the impact on the Group’s consolidated
                    financial statements. If the price of equity securities the Group invested had been 5% higher/lower, post-tax
                    profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB166,000 (for
                    the year ended 31 December 2018: post-tax loss decreased/increased approximately nil). Net assets as at
                    31 December 2019 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB197,000 (31 December 2018: the net
                    assets increased/decreased by approximately RMB29,000).

              (c)   Interest rate risk
                    The Group’s interest-bearing assets and liabilities are mainly cash and cash equivalents and borrowings. The
                    Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its long term borrowings. Borrowings
                    issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

                    The Group has not used any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.

              (d) Credit risk
                    Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried at
                    amortised cost, at fair value through comprehensive income (FVOCI) and at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
                    and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to wholesale and retail customers,
                    including outstanding receivables.

                    (i)   Risk management
                          As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss
                          to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying
                          amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                          position.




72   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
             (i)    Risk management (Continued)
                    The Group has significant concentration of credit risk on trade receivables. At 31 December 2019, 20%
                    (31 December 2018: 38%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s five largest
                    customers which are sizable and reputable corporations. The directors of the Company consider these
                    counterparties with good credit worthiness based on their past repayment history. The directors closely
                    monitor the subsequent settlement of the customers. The Group does not grant long credit period to the
                    counterparties.

                    In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                    determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                    action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                    individual trade receivables at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses
                    are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the
                    Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                    Substantially all of the Group’s bank deposits are deposited with major financial institutions incorporated
                    in the PRC and Hong Kong, which management believes are of high credit quality without significant
                    credit risk.

             (ii)   Impairment of financial assets
                    From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses
                    associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology
                    applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                    Trade receivables
                    The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                    lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade
                    receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

                    The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 36 months before
                    31 December 2019 and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The
                    historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic
                    factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the GDP
                    and the unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most relevant
                    factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.




                                                                  Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            73
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
         3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
              (d) Credit risk (Continued)
                   (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                          Trade receivables (Continued)
                          On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 was determined
                          as follows for trade receivables.


                                                                          Up to        Up to          Up to More than
                                                                       60 days     120 days     180 days       180 days
                            31 December 2019               Current     past due    past due     past due        past due        Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000


                            Expected loss rate                    —        0.1%         2.7%          21.3%        51.0%
                            Gross carrying amount           45,466        2,606          520          1,502       10,170       60,264
                            Loss allowance                        —           3           14           320         5,185        5,522


                                                                           Up to        Up to         Up to     More than
                                                                        60 days     120 days     180 days        180 days
                            31 December 2018                 Current    past due     past due     past due        past due       Total
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                            Expected loss rate                    —        3.8%        15.5%          27.2%        49.5%
                            Gross carrying amount           18,105       15,267      34,946           1,556        3,079       72,953
                            Loss allowance                        —        587         5,401           423         1,523        7,934


                          As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the loss allowance provision for trade receivables reconciles to
                          the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                                          Trade receivables
                                                                                                           2019                2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


                            Opening loss allowance as at 1 January                                            7,934            1,273

                            Increase in loss allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year               68           6,661
                            Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                            (771)             —
                            Unused amount reversed                                                            (1,709)             —


                            Closing loss allowance as at 31 December                                          5,522            7,934




74   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
        (d) Credit risk (Continued)
             (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                    Other financial assets at amortised cost
                    Other receivables, which mainly included lease receivables, deposit, receivables from disposal of
                    subsidiaries and amounts due from related parties, are measured at either 12-month expected credit
                    losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in
                    credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since
                    initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

                    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
                    Debt investments at FVOCI are considered to be low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised
                    during the period was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses., Management considers ’low
                    credit risk’ for the instruments that the issuer has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                    obligations in the near term.

                    Cash and cash equivalents
                    Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified
                    impairment loss was immaterial.

             (iii) Net reversal of impairment losses on financial assets recognised in profit or loss
                    During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in profit or loss in relation to impaired
                    financial assets:


                                                                                                    2019                  2018
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


                      Impairment losses
                        — movement in loss allowance for trade receivables and
                             other receivables                                                          (68)              (6,661)
                      Reversal of previous impairment losses                                          1,709                   —


                                                                                                      1,641               (6,661)


        (e) Liquidity risk
             Management aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents or have available funding through an
             adequate amount of available financing, including proceeds from advance receipts and long-term borrowings
             to meet its operating demands.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
         3.1 Financial risk factor (Continued)
              (e) Liquidity risk (Continued)
                    The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
                    on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in
                    the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                                       Between         Between
                                                                      Less than         1 and 2         2 and 5
                                                                         1 year           years           years           Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                        At 31 December 2019
                        Borrowings                                      54,728                —                —        54,728
                        Trade payables (Note 22)                        15,554                —                —        15,554
                        Other payables* (Note 23)                      280,977                —                —       280,977
                        Lease liabilities (Note 7)                      14,138            5,888              911        20,937


                        Total                                          365,397            5,888              911       372,196


                        At 31 December 2018
                        Borrowings                                        2,632           53,781               —         56,413
                        Trade payables (Note 22)                         24,665               —                —         24,665
                        Other payables* (Note 23)                       209,914               —                —        209,914
                        Obligations under finance leases (Note 20)          380               88               30           498


                        Total                                           237,591           53,869               30       291,490


                    *      Excluding provisions for other taxes.


         3.2 Capital risk management
              In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
              owners, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

              The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
              in order to provide returns for equity owners and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
              structure to reduce the cost of capital.

              Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
              calculated as total borrowings divided by total assets, as shown in the consolidated statements of financial position.
              Total borrowings includes borrowings and obligations under finance leases.




76   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
    3.2 Capital risk management (Continued)
       The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 were as follows:

                                                                                      31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


         Total borrowings, lease liabilities and obligations under finance leases          73,696               53,117
         Total assets                                                                   1,537,805            1,431,983


         Gearing ratio                                                                          5%                    4%


    3.3 Fair value estimation
       (a) Financial assets and liabilities
            (i)    Fair value hierarchy
                   The following table presents the Group’s financial assets measured and recognised at fair value at 31
                   December 2019 and 31 December 2018 on a recurring basis:


                                                                                           Level 1              Level 1
                                                                                      31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


                     Financial assets
                     Financial assets at FVPL (Note 15)                                      3,311                   —
                     Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 12)                                       631                  589


                     Total financial assets                                                  3,942                  589


                   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted (unadjusted) market
                   prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted marked price used for financial assets held by the
                   Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                   There were no transfers between levels 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the periods.

                   There were no other changes in valuation techniques during the periods.




                                                                 Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
         3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
               (a) Financial assets and liabilities (Continued)
                     (i)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                           The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount:

                           •    Trade and other receivables

                           •    Cash and cash equivalents

                           •    Borrowings

                           •    Trade and other payables

                           •    Obligations under finance leases



     4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
         Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are evaluated and based on historical
         experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
         circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will,
         by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that may have a significant effect on
         the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

         (a) Impairment of trade and other receivables
               The loss allowances for trade and other receivables are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
               loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment
               calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the
               end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.

         (b) Tax provisions
               The Group is subject to turnover and income taxes in the PRC and Hong Kong. Significant judgement is required in
               determining the tax provision. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
               is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. At the end of each reporting period, the Group reassess the
               provision for turnover and income taxes based on the reported financial results and the estimates of whether
               additional taxes will be due or any taxes are over or under provided. However where the final tax outcome of these
               matters is different from the provision amounts that were initially recorded by the Group, such difference will impact
               the provision in the year in which such determination is made.




78   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
    (c) Determination of the lease term
       In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to
       exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination
       options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).

       For leases of warehouses, plants and cars, the following factors are normally the most relevant:

       •     If there are significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend (or
             not terminate).

       •     If any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Group is typically
             reasonably certain to extend (or not terminate).

       •     Otherwise, the Group considers other factors including historical lease durations and the costs and business
             disruption required to replace the leased asset.

       •     Most extension options in offices and vehicles leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the
             Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption.

       As at 31 December 2018, potential future cash outflows of nil (undiscounted) have not been included in the lease
       liability because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).

       The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes obliged to
       exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant
       change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment, and that is within the control of the lessee. During the
       current financial year, the financial effect of revising lease terms to reflect the effect of exercising extension and
       termination options was an increase in recognised lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of nil.



5   SEGMENT INFORMATION
    (a) Description of segments and principal activities
       The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) of the Group has been identified as the executive directors of the
       Company who is responsible for reviewing the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate
       resources. Management has determined the operating segments based on these reports. The Group is organised into
       three business segments: internet community and related businesses, property investment and other investment and
       manufacture and sales of accessories.

       The directors of the Company assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of segment
       results. Certain corporate expenses, other income, other gains and finance income — net are not included in the
       results for each operating segment.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED              79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         (b) Segment profit/(loss)
              The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the
              year ended 31 December 2019 are as follows:


                                                                             Internet
                                                                          community        Manufacture
                                                                          and related      and sales of
                                                                           businesses       accessories      Consolidated
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                Revenue                                                       278,269             59,031           337,300
                Timing of revenue recognition
                  At a point                                                   59,502             59,031           118,533
                  Over time                                                   218,767                  —           218,767
                                                                              278,269             59,031           337,300


                Segment profit                                                  84,925              1,816            86,741


                Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                       (8,169)
                Unallocated other income                                                                                 44
                Unallocated other gains                                                                              20,649
                Unallocated finance income — net                                                                      9,849


                Profit before income tax                                                                           109,114


                Depreciation                                                    19,692              1,592            21,284
                Amortisation                                                     3,848                  —             3,848




80   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    (b) Segment profit/(loss) (Continued)
       The segment results and other segment items included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the
       year ended 31 December 2018 are as follows:


                                                        Internet
                                                     community             Property      Manufacture
                                                    and related     investment and       and sales of
                                                     businesses    other investment       accessories    Consolidated
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


         Revenue                                     425,834                    —            73,585          499,419
         Timing of revenue recognition
           At a point                                 42,113                    —            73,585          115,698
           Over time                                 383,721                    —                —           383,721
         Dividend income from financial assets
           at FVOCI (Note 26)                                —                 51                 —                51
         Dividend income from financial assets
           at FVPL (Note 26)                                 —              1,434                 —             1,434
         Net change in fair value of financial
           assets at FVPL (Note 15)                          —             (7,361)                —            (7,361)


                                                     425,834               (5,876)           73,585          493,543


         Segment profit/(loss)                       153,996               (6,902)            6,558          153,652


         Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                        (7,436)
         Unallocated other losses                                                                                    (8)
         Unallocated finance costs — net                                                                           (91)


         Profit before income tax                                                                            146,117


         Depreciation                                  15,434                   1               771           16,206
         Amortisation                                   4,372                   —                85            4,457




                                                               Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         (c) Segment assets and liabilities
              Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:


                                                                                Internet
                                                                             community     Manufacture
                                                                             and related   and sales of
                                                                              businesses    accessories   Consolidated
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                ASSETS
                Segment assets                                                 159,564          18,117        177,681


                Unallocated other receivables and prepayments                                                  33,615
                Unallocated right-of-use assets                                                                 1,971
                Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                   income                                                                                         631
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                           3,311
                Deferred tax assets                                                                             7,295
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   1,313,301


                Consolidated total assets                                                                   1,537,805


                LIABILITIES
                Segment liabilities                                            321,066          10,199        331,265


                Unallocated other payables                                                                      4,796
                Unallocated borrowings                                                                         53,571
                Unallocated lease liabilities                                                                   1,990
                Current income tax liabilities                                                                  4,632


                Consolidated total liabilities                                                                396,254




82   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    (c) Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
       Segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                           Internet
                                                        community             Property       Manufacture
                                                       and related     investment and        and sales of
                                                        businesses    other investment        accessories       Consolidated
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


           ASSETS
           Segment assets                                147,831              16,389             17,555            181,775


           Unallocated other receivables and
             prepayments                                                                                             2,774
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                      20,195
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             1,227,239


           Consolidated total assets                                                                             1,431,983


           LIABILITIES
           Segment liabilities                           271,862                    —            12,616            284,478


           Unallocated other payables                                                                                 3,577
           Unallocated borrowings                                                                                    52,632
           Current income tax liabilities                                                                            44,998
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   3,657


           Consolidated total liabilities                                                                          389,342


       For the purpose of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

       •      all assets are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain other receivables and
              prepayments, certain right-of-use assets, financial assets at FVOCI, financial assets at FVPL, deferred tax assets
              and cash and cash equivalents; and

       •      all liabilities are allocated to reportable and operating segments, other than certain other payables, certain
              borrowings, certain lease liabilities, current income tax liabilities and deferred tax liabilities.




                                                                  Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         (d) Geographical information
              The Group’s operations are located in the PRC and Hong Kong for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.

              Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the location at which the goods
              or services are delivered or provided.

              The Group’s total revenue from sales of goods and provision of services by geographical location is detailed below:


                                                                                            Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2019                  2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


                PRC                                                                              287,160              434,587
                Hong Kong                                                                         21,779               31,533
                Europe                                                                            19,386               23,780
                Others                                                                             8,975                9,519


                                                                                                 337,300              499,419


              The Group’s total revenue by category is detailed below:


                                                                                            Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                  2019                  2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


                Net basis
                 — Provision of internet community services                                      218,767              383,721
                Gross basis
                 — Sales of goods                                                                118,533              115,698


                                                                                                 337,300              499,419




84   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED       Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    (d) Geographical information (Continued)
       The Group’s non-current assets excluding financial assets at FVOCI and deferred tax assets by geographical location
       of the assets are detailed below:


                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2019                  2018
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


         PRC                                                                                  34,559               36,511
         Hong Kong                                                                             5,706                1,616


                                                                                              40,265               38,127


    (e) Liabilities related to contracts with customers
                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2019                  2018
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


         Contract liabilities — Internet community and related businesses                     18,143               51,323


       Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
       The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-
       forward contract liabilities and how much relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in a prior year.


                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2019                  2018
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
           balance at the beginning of the period
           — Internet community and related businesses                                        51,323                5,163


       Unsatisfied performance obligations
       For the Group, they are rendered in short period of time, which is generally less than a year, and the Group has
       elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these types of contracts.




                                                                 Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                   Furniture,
                                                            Leasehold Plant and fixtures and  Network          Motor
                                              Buildings improvements machinery    equipment equipment        vehicles      Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000   RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


           Year ended 31 December 2018
           Opening net book amount                   74              309       310        786      24,692      1,153      27,324
           Additions                                 —                 39        —      1,553       2,597         —        4,189
           Currency translation differences          —                  7        22        11           1         39          80
           Disposals                                 —                 —         —          (3)        —          —            (3)
           Depreciation (Note 24)                   (74)              (83)      (76)     (417)    (15,160)      (396)    (16,206)


           Closing net book amount                   —               272       256      1,930      12,130        796      15,384


           At 31 December 2018
           Cost                                   6,113             1,571     6,569     4,526      47,894       2,500     69,173
           Accumulated depreciation              (6,113)           (1,299)   (6,313)   (2,596)    (35,764)     (1,704)   (53,789)


           Net book amount                           —               272       256      1,930      12,130        796      15,384


           Year ended 31 December 2019
           Opening net book amount                   —               272       256     1,930       12,130       796       15,384
           Adoption of HKFRS16                       —                 —         —         —            —      (748)        (748)
           Additions                                 —                 —        18       775        1,280    11,828       13,901
           Currency translation differences          —               133        22         8           (1)      207          369
           Transfers                                 —                 —         —         —            —       510          510
           Disposals                                 —              (132)       (1)      (11)           —         —         (144)
           Depreciation (Note 24)                    —               (99)      (74)     (725)     (10,151)     (766)     (11,815)


           Closing net book amount                   —               174       221     1,977       3,258     11,827      17,457


           At 31 December 2019
           Cost                                      —          1,579         2,474     4,699      49,173    14,437       72,362
           Accumulated depreciation                  —         (1,405)       (2,253)   (2,722)    (45,915)   (2,610)     (54,905)


           Net book amount                           —               174       221     1,977       3,258     11,827      17,457




86   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    Depreciation charge of the Group was included in the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
    income:


                                                                                        Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


      Cost of sales                                                                             8,311              8,300
      Other expense                                                                             1,715              6,860
      Administrative expenses                                                                   1,638                959
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                              151                 87


                                                                                              11,815             16,206


    Motor vehicles include the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under a finance lease:


                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


      Cost — capitalised finance leases                                                               —            1,559
      Accumulated depreciation                                                                        —             (811)


      Net book amount                                                                                 —              748


    The Group leases motor vehicles under non-cancellable finance lease agreements. The lease terms are between 2 and 5
    years, and ownership of the assets lie within the Group (refer to Note 20 for further details).




                                                                  Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     7   LEASE
         This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

         (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
             position
               The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                       31 December              1 January
                                                                                              2019                  2019
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


                 Right-of-use assets
                 Warehouses                                                                   10,970             19,150
                 Plant and equipments                                                          5,394              4,402


                                                                                              16,364             23,552


                 Lease liabilities
                 Current                                                                      13,471             11,400
                 Non-current                                                                   6,654             17,479


                                                                                              20,125             28,879


               Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB3,309,000.




88   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7   LEASE (Continued)
    (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
        income
                                                                                              2019               2018
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
          Warehouses                                                                          8,180                   —
          Plant and equipments                                                                1,808                   —


                                                                                              9,988                   —


          Interest expense (included in finance cost)                                         1,172                   —
          Expense relating to short-term leases (included in selling and
             marketing costs and administrative expenses)                                     2,699                   —


        The total cash outflow for leases in 2019 was RMB15,855,000.

    (c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
        The Group leases various warehouses, plant and equipments for long-term contracts. Rental contracts are typically
        made for fixed periods of 2 to 5 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
        of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be
        used as security for borrowing purposes.

    (d) Extension and termination options
        Extension and termination options are included in a number of property, plant and equipments leases across the
        Group. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
        operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the
        respective lessor.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                         Acquired        Capitalised
                                                          internet     development
                                                         platform              costs        Patent            Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Year ended 31 December 2018
           Opening net book amount                            1,538            6,905              —            8,443
           Additions                                             38               —           2,668            2,706
           Amortisation charge (Note 24)                       (765)          (3,537)            (70)         (4,372)


           Closing net book amount                             811            3,368           2,598            6,777


           At 31 December 2018
           Cost                                               2,278          10,610           2,668          15,556
           Accumulated amortisation                          (1,467)          (7,242)            (70)         (8,779)


           Net book amount                                     811            3,368           2,598            6,777


           Year ended 31 December 2019
           Opening net book amount                             811            3,368          2,598            6,777
           Amortisation charge (Note 24)                      (634)          (2,947)          (267)          (3,848)


           Closing net book amount                             177              421          2,331            2,929


           At 31 December 2019
           Cost                                               2,277          10,610          2,668           15,555
           Accumulated amortisation                          (2,100)        (10,189)          (337)         (12,626)


           Net book amount                                     177              421          2,331            2,929


         Amortisation of approximately RMB3,581,000 and RMB267,000 were included in “cost of sales” and “administrative
         expenses” (2018: approximately RMB4,302,000 and RMB70,000 were included in “cost of sales” and “administrative
         expenses”) respectively in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 24).




90   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED     Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




9   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


      Opening balance at 1 January                                                            15,800          15,600
      Net gain from fair value adjustment (Note 28)                                                —             200
      Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                                     (15,800)             —


      Closing balance at 31 December                                                               —          15,800


      Unrealised gain on properties revaluation included in the consolidated statement
        of comprehensive income (included in “other gains/(losses) — net” (Note 28))               —             200


    As at 31 December 2018, the fair value of the Group’s investment properties has been determined on the basis of
    valuation carried out by Asset Appraisal Limited, an independent and professionally qualified valuer.

    (a)   The following amounts have been recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income:


                                                                                          Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


            Rental income                                                                          —               —
            Direct operating expenses from property that did not generate
              rental income                                                                     (155)            (215)




                                                                   Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     10 INVENTORIES

                                                                                     31 December         31 December
                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


           Raw materials                                                                      431              1,561
           Work in progress                                                                   124                666
           Finished goods — at cost                                                         2,862              2,053
           Finished goods — at fair value less cost to sell                                26,900             38,839


                                                                                           30,317             43,119


         (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
             income
              Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to approximately
              RMB92,001,000 (year ended 31 December 2018: approximately RMB92,279,000). These were included in cost
              of sales.

              Write-down of inventories to net realisable value amounted to approximately RMB4,266,000 (year ended 31
              December 2018: approximately RMB4,903,000). These were recognised as an expense during the year ended 31
              December 2019 and included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

              The Group reversed write-down of inventories of approximately RMB17,000 (year ended 31 December 2018: nil)
              during the year ended 31 December 2019.




92   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




11 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The Group holds the following financial instruments:


                                                                                            31 December      31 December
                                                                                                   2019            2018
       Financial assets                                                         Notes           RMB’000         RMB’000


       Financial assets at amortised cost
         Trade and other receivables                                             14             107,284          91,439
         Cash and cash equivalents                                               16           1,313,301       1,227,239
       Financial assets at FVOCI
         Investment in unlisted unit trusts                                      12                 631             589
       Financial assets at FVPL
         Equity investments in listed companies                                  15               3,311               —


                                                                                              1,424,527       1,319,267


                                                                                            31 December      31 December
                                                                                                   2019            2018
       Financial liabilities                                                    Notes           RMB’000         RMB’000


       Liabilities at amortised cost
         Borrowings                                                              19             53,571           52,632
         Trade payables                                                          22             15,554           24,665
         Other payables*                                                         23            260,984          197,058
       Obligations under finance lease                                           20                  —              485
       Lease liabilities                                                          7             20,125               —


                                                                                               350,234          274,840


   *      Excluding accrued expenses and provisions for other taxes.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
        INCOME (FVOCI)

                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2019                   2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


           Unlisted unit trusts                                                                              631                   589


         Unlisted unit trusts represent investment in funds in the United States. The unlisted unit trust where the contractual cash flows
         are solely principal and interest and the objective of the Group’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual
         cash flows and selling financial assets.

         (a) Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
               During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in other comprehensive income.


                                                                                                          2019                 2018
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


                  Gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18(a))                          31                  (86)
                  Currency translation difference relate to the debt investment recognised in
                   other comprehensive income (Note 18(a))                                                      11                  30


                                                                                                                42                  (56)



     13 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2019                   2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


           Prepayments                                                                                   32,393                 8,536
           Deductible input value-added tax                                                               3,112                 2,905


                                                                                                         35,505                11,441
           Less non-current portion: prepayments (a)                                                       (104)                 (166)


           Current portion                                                                               35,401                11,275


         (a)   Non-current portion of prepayments represents the prepayments for the purchase of intangible assets.




94   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




14 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


     Trade receivables — gross
       — Third parties                                                                   60,264          72,953
     Less: allowance for doubtful debts                                                  (5,522)          (7,934)


     Trade receivables — net                                                             54,742          65,019

     Other receivables due from
      — Related parties (Note 34(d))                                                      6,806          15,698
      — Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                               31,821              —
      — Other third parties                                                              13,915          10,722


                                                                                       107,284           91,439


   (a) Trade and other receivables were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


           — RMB                                                                         73,492          88,112
           — HK$                                                                         32,310           2,866
           — US$                                                                          6,960           8,347
           — EUR                                                                             44              48


                                                                                       112,806           99,373




                                                               Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     14 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
         (b) Trade receivables mainly arose from manufacture and sales of accessories and internet platform services. The Group
               allows an average credit period ranging from 60 to 150 days to its trade customers. The following is an ageing
               analysis of trade receivables net of allowances for doubtful debts, based on the invoice date which approximates the
               revenue recognition date at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


                 Within 60 days                                                                         47,018               23,207
                 61 days to 180 days                                                                     1,363               31,001
                 Over 181 days                                                                           6,361               10,811


                                                                                                        54,742               65,019


         (c) Fair values of trade and other receivables
               Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amounts are considered to be the same as their
               fair values.

         (d) Impairment and risk exposure
               Information about the impairment of trade and other receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk, foreign
               currency risk and interest rate risk can be found in Note 3.1.



     15 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


           Held-for-trading investments                                                                  3,311                     —


         As at 31 December 2019, held-for-trading investments represented the Group’s equity investments in certain Hong Kong
         listed companies, which were quoted in the Stock Exchange.

         The fair value of all equity securities is based on their current bid prices in an active market and the fair values are within
         level 1 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 3.3).




96   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
   (i) Amounts recognised in profit or loss
         During the year, the following losses were recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income:


                                                                                                   2019            2018
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


           Fair value losses on equity investments at FVPL recognised in net change in
             fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 28)            149           7,361



16 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


     Cash at bank and in hand:
      — HK$                                                                                      43,241           67,347
      — RMB                                                                                     570,377          484,677
      — US$                                                                                     699,552          675,201
      — Other currencies                                                                            131               14


                                                                                               1,313,301       1,227,239



17 SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM
   Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:


                                                                          Number of                Share           Share
                                                                     ordinary shares              capital       premium
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2018
     Balance at 1 January 2018 and 31 December 2018                    74,611,669,087            150,172       4,454,940


     Year ended 31 December 2019
     Balance at 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                  74,611,669,087             150,172       4,454,940




                                                                     Annual Report 2019      HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     18 OTHER RESERVES

                                                                  Financial                                                       Enterprise
                                                    Warrants      assets at     Special   Translation    Statutory     Reserve   expansion
                                                      reserve       FVOCI       reserve      reserve      reserve         fund      reserve        Total
                                            Note    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                           (b)


           Balance at
              1 January 2018                            (168)        (168)     18,888      (22,502)      10,879        1,153        1,152        9,234
           Changes in the fair value of
              debt instruments at FVOCI                    —           (86)         —            30            —           —             —          (56)
           Currency translation
              difference                                   —            —           —       36,386           —             —             —      36,386
           Transfer to statutory reserves    (b)           —            —           —           —        18,034            —             —      18,034


           Balance at
             31 December 2018                           (168)        (254)     18,888       13,914       28,913        1,153        1,152       63,598


                                                             Financial                                       Enterprise
                                                   Warrants assets at  Special Translation Statutory Reserve expansion
                                                    reserve     FVOCI  reserve    reserve    reserve    fund   reserve  Total
                                            Note   RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                         (b)


           Balance at
              1 January 2019                            (168)        (254)    18,888       13,914       28,913         1,153       1,152       63,598
           Changes in the fair value of
              debt instruments at FVOCI                    —           31           —            11            —           —             —          42
           Currency translation
              difference                                   —            —           —      10,366             —            —             —     10,366
           Transfer to statutory reserves    (b)           —            —           —           —         6,884            —             —      6,884


           Balance at
             31 December 2019                           (168)        (223)    18,888       24,291       35,797         1,153       1,152       80,890




98   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




18 OTHER RESERVES (Continued)
   (a) New Warrants
                                                                                           Number of            Warrants
                                                                                        New Warrants            reserves
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           At 31 December 2019 and 2018                                                 6,417,899,910                  (168)


         As at 31 December 2019, each New Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe in cash for one new ordinary share of
         the Company at an initial exercise price of HK$0.0061 per share, subject to antidilutive adjustments. The initial
         exercise price of the New Warrants was adjusted from HK$0.0061 per share to HK$0.0122 per consolidated
         share as a result of the Share Consolidation on 27 October 2015. It is exercisable at any time during a period of
         five years commencing from 26 October 2015 to 25 October 2020. The new ordinary shares rank pari passu in all
         respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company. Transaction costs of approximately HK$208,000 were
         recognised in equity as “warrants reserves”. The Group has changed its presentation currency from HK$ to RMB, the
         transaction cost has been restated to approximately RMB168,000.

   (b) Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and the provision of the articles of association of the Group’s
         subsidiaries, the Group’s subsidiaries which are registered in the PRC shall appropriate certain percentage of profit
         after tax (after offsetting any accumulated losses brought forward from prior years) calculated under the accounting
         principles generally applicable to the PRC enterprises to reserve funds. Depending on the natures, the reserve fund
         can be used to set off accumulated losses of the subsidiaries or distribute to owners in form of bonus issue.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      19 BORROWINGS

                                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                                     2019                  2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


             Borrowings included in current liabilities (2018: non-current liabilities):
               Other borrowings — unsecured                                                           53,571              52,632


           The unsecured other borrowings denominated in HK$ and granted from independent third parties carry fixed interest rate at
           5% per annum.

           The maturity of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the year are as follows:


                                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                                     2019                  2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


             Within one year                                                                          53,571                  —
             1–2 years                                                                                     —              52,632


                                                                                                      53,571              52,632


           The fair value of the current borrowings (2018: non-current borrowings) approximated their carrying amounts.

           The effective interest rates were 5% as at 31 December 2019 (5% as at 31 December 2018).




100 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20 OBLIGATIONS UNDER FINANCE LEASES
   As at 31 December 2018, the Group leased motor vehicles under finance leases with lease terms ranging from 2 to 5
   years. Interest rates underlying all obligations under finance leases are fixed at respective contract dates ranging from 1.33%
   to 2.75% per annum. These leases have no terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses.

                                                                                               Present value of
                                                   Minimum lease payments                  minimum lease payments
                                                 31 December            31 December       31 December            31 December
                                                        2019                  2018               2019                  2018
                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000


     Amounts payable under finance leases:
      — Within one year                                         —                 380                   —                  370
      — 1–2 years                                               —                  88                   —                   86
      — 2–5 years                                               —                  30                   —                   29


                                                                —                 498                   —                  485
     Less: future finance charges                               —                  (13)                 —                   —


     Present value of lease obligations                         —                 485                   —                  485


     Less: amount due for settlement within
         one year                                                                                       —                 (370)


     Amount due for settlement after one year                                                           —                  115

   As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s obligations under the finance leases are secured by the lessor’s charge over the
   leased assets.



21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

                                                                                          31 December            31 December
                                                                                                 2019                  2018
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


     Deferred tax assets (a)
       — Deferred tax asset to be recovered over 12 months                                         1,542                3,969
       — Deferred tax asset to be recovered within 12 months                                       5,753               16,226

     Deferred tax liabilities to be recovered over 12 months (b)                                        —               (3,657)


     Deferred tax assets, net                                                                      7,295               16,538


                                                                    Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
           (a) Deferred tax assets
                                                                                                    31 December           31 December
                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


                 The balance comprises temporary differences
                   attributable to :
                   — Tax losses of the subsidiaries in the PRC                                               5,753              16,226
                   — Loss allowance for trade receivables                                                       47               1,755
                   — Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       1,359                 991
                   — Write-down of inventories                                                                   —               1,215
                   — Others                                                                                    136                   8


                                                                                                             7,295              20,195


                                                                             Loss
                                                                     allowance      Amortisation
                                                                       for trade    of intangible    Write-down
                 Movement                            Tax losses     receivables            assets   of inventories     Others       Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2018                          —                 —             771                —           —        771
                 Credited to the consolidated
                   statement of comprehensive
                   income                             16,226             1,755              220           1,215            8     19,424


                 At 31 December 2018                  16,226             1,755              991           1,215            8     20,195


                                                                     Loss
                                                              allowance Amortisation
                                                               for trade of intangible Write-down
                 Movement                         Tax losses receivables        assets of inventories Others   Total
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000


                 At 1 January 2019                    16,226            1,755              991           1,215             8    20,195
                 (Charged)/credited to the
                   consolidated statement of
                   comprehensive income              (10,473)          (1,708)             368           (1,215)        128     (12,900)


                 At 31 December 2019                   5,753                 47          1,359                 —        136       7,295



102 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED             Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
   (b) Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                                     2018
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


         The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
         Revaluation of investment properties                                                                         (3,657)


                                                                                                                 Revaluation
                                                                                                                of investment
         Movement                                                                                                   properties
                                                                                                                   RMB’000


         At 1 January 2018                                                                                            (3,551)
         Recognised in income tax credit                                                                                (106)


         At 31 December 2018                                                                                          (3,657)


                                                                                                              Revaluation
                                                                                                            of investment
         Movement                                                                                               properties
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


         At 1 January 2019                                                                                           (3,657)
         Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                                                           3,657


         At 31 December 2019                                                                                               —


       Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related
       benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of approximately
       RMB662,324,000 (31 December 2018: approximately RMB637,092,000) in respect of tax losses amounting to
       RMB3,912,040,000 (31 December 2018: RMB3,690,308,000) in certain subsidiaries as the future profit streams
       of these subsidiaries are uncertain. Tax losses of approximately RMB61,389,000 (31 December 2018:
       approximately RMB16,735,000) arising from the PRC subsidiaries will expire in various dates up to 2024 (31
       December 2018: 2023). Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

       Deferred income tax liabilities of RMB13,345,000 (31 December 2018: RMB12,518,000) have not been
       recognised for the withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain
       subsidiaries. Such amounts are permanently reinvested. Unremitted earnings totaled RMB266,895,000 at 31
       December 2019 (31 December 2018: RMB250,363,000).



                                                                  Annual Report 2019     HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      22 TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                            31 December       31 December
                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


             Trade payables                                                                          15,554       24,665


           Trade payables were denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                            31 December       31 December
                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


             — RMB                                                                                   14,278       24,521
             — HK$                                                                                    1,244           91
             — US$                                                                                       32           53


                                                                                                     15,554       24,665


           The ageing analysis of trade payables of the Group based on invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                            31 December       31 December
                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


             Within 60 days                                                                          12,472       16,123
             61 days to 150 days                                                                      1,993        7,068
             Over 151 days                                                                            1,089        1,474


                                                                                                     15,554       24,665


           The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.




104 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




23 OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                          31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                 2019                        2018
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000


         Other payables (i)                                                                                      260,439                    196,537
         Accrued expenses                                                                                         19,993                     12,856
         Provisions for other taxes                                                                                3,252                      1,668
         Amount due to related parties (Note 34(d))                                                                  545                        521


                                                                                                                 284,229                    211,582


   (i)      Majority of other payables represented the proceeds received by the Group on behalf of the household products suppliers and building furnishing
            materials suppliers.


   Other payables and accruals were denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                          31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                 2019                        2018
                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000


         — RMB                                                                                                   280,101                    207,906
         — HK$                                                                                                     4,128                      3,632
         — US$                                                                                                         —                         44


                                                                                                                 284,229                    211,582




                                                                                  Annual Report 2019         HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                   105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      24 EXPENSES BY NATURE
           Major expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs, administrative expenses and other expense are
           analysed as follows:


                                                                                          Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                2019                 2018
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


             Cost of inventories sold                                                          87,752               87,376
             Staff costs (Note 25)                                                            108,736              172,877
             Rental expense                                                                     4,662               16,126
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                            11,815               16,206
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                       9,988                   —
             Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)                                         3,848                4,372
             Materials used in research and development activities                              4,861                8,132
             Advertising and promotion costs                                                    8,212                9,316
             Travelling expense                                                                 6,936                6,777
             Legal and professional fees                                                        3,622                2,400
             Auditors’ remunerations
               — Audit services (a)                                                               2,600                2,500
               — Non-audit services                                                                 900                  900
             Reversal of provisions and other payables (b)                                       (5,337)              (6,976)
             Write-down of inventories                                                            4,249                4,903


           (a)   The remuneration paid and payable to the auditor of the Company amounted to approximately RMB2,600,000.
                 Others were paid to other auditors for audit services rendered to the subsidiaries of the Company.

           (b)   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group assessed on the provisions for other taxes and surcharges.
                 Management considered provisions of approximately RMB5,337,000 (for the year ended 31 December 2018:
                 approximately RMB6,976,000 ) were not necessary and determined to reverse the provisions during the year.




106 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25 STAFF COSTS — INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                       Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                      31 December        31 December
                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


     Wages and salaries                                                                    92,987            141,861
     Pension costs — statutory pension (b)                                                  6,516             12,208
     Staff welfare                                                                          6,389             13,045
     Medical benefits                                                                       2,844              5,763


                                                                                          108,736            172,877


   (a) Five highest paid individuals
        During the year ended 31 December 2019, one of the five highest paid individuals are directors (for the year ended
        31 December 2018: nil). The emoluments of the remaining four (for the year ended 31 December 2018: five)
        individual employees were as follows:

                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


           Salaries and other benefits                                                     6,004               10,017
           Bonuses                                                                           484                  929
           Retirement scheme contributions                                                    78                  114


                                                                                           6,566               11,060


        The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                          No. of employees
                                                                                      Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2019                2018


           HK$500,000 to HK$1,000,000                                                           —                     1
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                         3                     1
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                         —                     1
           HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                         1                     1
           HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                         —                     1


                                                                                                 4                    5


                                                                Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      25 STAFF COSTS — INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Pensions — defined contribution plans
               Employees in the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
               administrated and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which
               are calculated on certain percentage of the average employee salary as agreed by local municipal government to
               the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

               The Group also participates in a pension scheme under the rules and regulations of the MPF Scheme for all
               employees in Hong Kong. The contributions to the MPF Scheme are based on minimum statutory contribution
               requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant aggregate income.

               Details of the retirement scheme contributions for the employees, which have been dealt with in the consolidated
               statement of comprehensive incomes of the Group, are as follows:


                                                                                          Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2019                  2018
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


                 Gross scheme contributions                                                       6,516              12,208



      26 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                          Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2019                  2018
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


            Income from network equipment usage and maintenance service (Note 34(b))              7,327                7,123
            Subleasing income                                                                     2,125                   —
            Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                           44                   51
            Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                             —                1,434
            Sundry income                                                                           828                  845


                                                                                                10,324                 9,453




108 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED        Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27 OTHER EXPENSES

                                                                                       Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                      31 December       31 December
                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Subleasing expenses                                                                    1,774               —
     Cost of network equipment usage and maintenance service                                1,715            6,860
     Sundry losses                                                                              —            1,720


                                                                                            3,489            8,580



28 OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES)—NET

                                                                                       Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                      31 December       31 December
                                                                                             2019             2018
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                       20,802                —
     Net gains/(losses) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           16                 (1)
     Net change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL                                    (149)           (7,361)
     Fair value gains on investment properties                                                  —               200
     Sundry gains                                                                             446               749


                                                                                           21,115            (6,413)




                                                                 Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      29 FINANCE INCOME — NET


                                                                           Year ended     Year ended
                                                                          31 December    31 December
                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


            Finance costs:
               — Interests expenses on borrowings                              (2,632)        (2,521)
               — Interests expenses on lease liabilities                       (1,172)             —
               — Interests expenses on obligations under finance leases             —             (23)


                                                                               (3,804)        (2,544)


            Finance income:
               — Interest income on saving deposits                           26,643         14,001


            Finance income — net                                              22,839         11,457



      30 INCOME TAX EXPENSES

                                                                           Year ended     Year ended
                                                                          31 December    31 December
                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


            Current income tax
             — Provision for the year                                          (8,121)       (45,018)
             — Adjustments for current tax of prior years                       3,980          4,839


            Total current tax expense                                          (4,141)       (40,179)

            Deferred income tax                                               (12,900)       19,318


            Income tax expenses                                               (17,041)       (20,861)




110 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




30 INCOME TAX EXPENSES (Continued)

   The income tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
   enacted tax rate of the home country of the group entities as follows:


                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2019                 2018
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     Profit before income tax                                                              109,114                146,117

     Tax calculated at the tax rates applicable to profits/(losses)
        in the respective jurisdictions                                                      20,725                23,982
     Adjustments for current tax of prior years                                              (3,980)                (4,839)
     Adjustments for previously recognised tax losses and timing differences                 (7,569)                    —
     Income not subject to tax                                                               (4,930)                  (515)
     Tax losses and temporary differences for which no deferred income tax
        asset was recognised                                                                 13,613                  2,771
     Reversal of provisions and other payables not subject to tax                            (1,343)                (1,924)
     Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                   721                  1,117
     Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                       (196)                    —
     Effect of change in the tax rate                                                             —                    269


                                                                                             17,041                20,861


   Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profit for the year, based on the existing
   legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof. No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided for during the
   year ended 31 December 2019 (year ended 31 December 2018: nil).

   The income tax provision of the Group in respect of operations in the PRC has been calculated at the applicable tax rate of
   25%, except for a subsidiary of the Group which is entitled to preferential tax rate applicable to advanced and new
   technology enterprises of 15% in 2019 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: 15%) on the estimated assessable profit
   for the year, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.




                                                                  Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      31 EARNINGS PER SHARE
           (a) Basic
               Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
               average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                            Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                           31 December             31 December
                                                                                                  2019                   2018


                 Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                           90,065               124,496


                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)             80,571,604            80,571,604


                 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents per share) for the year                      0.1118                0.1545


               The weighted average number of ordinary shares adopted in the calculation of basic earnings per share for the years
               ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 have been adjusted for the impact of the bonus element implicit in the
               discount for the new shares and the new warrants issued by the Company on 26 October 2015.

           (b) Diluted
               Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
               assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company has one category of dilutive potential
               ordinary shares: share warrants. The number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the
               share warrants less the number of shares that could have been issued at fair value (determined as the average market
               price per share for the year) for the same total proceeds is the number of shares issued for no consideration. The
               resulting number of shares issued for no consideration is included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares
               as the denominator for calculating diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                            Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                           31 December             31 December
                                                                                                  2019                   2018


                 Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                           90,065               124,496


                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)             80,571,604            80,571,604
                 Adjustments for:
                   — Share warrants (thousands)                                                          —           2,468,567

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
                  earnings per share (thousands)                                             80,571,604            83,040,171


                 Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents per share) for the year                    0.1118                0.1499


               The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share warrants since
               the exercise price is higher than the average market price of the shares during the year ended 31 December 2019.


112 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED         Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




32 CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (a) Cash generated from operations

                                                                                     Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                    31 December       31 December
                                                                                           2019             2018
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


        Profit before income tax                                                       109,114           146,117

        Adjustments for:
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                         11,815           16,206
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                                    9,988               —
          Amortisation of land use rights                                                     —               85
          Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)                                      3,848            4,372
          Net change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss (Note 15)                                                       149             7,361
          Net reversal of impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1(d))            (1,641)            6,661
          Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL (Note 26)                             —            (1,434)
          Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI (Note 26)                          (44)               (51)
          Fair value gains on investment properties (Note 28)                                 —              (200)
          (Net gains)/losses on disposal of property,
             plant and equipment (Note 28)                                                  (16)                1
          Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 28)                               (20,802)               —
          Finance income — net (Note 29)                                                (22,839)          (11,457)

        Changes in working capital:
         Inventories                                                                     12,802           (38,503)
         Trade receivables                                                               11,918          105,932
         Other receivables and prepayments                                              (21,838)          (21,687)
         Trade payables                                                                  (9,111)          (40,996)
         Contract liabilities                                                           (33,180)           51,323
         Other payables                                                                  66,418            54,166


        Cash generated from operations                                                 116,581           277,896




                                                               Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED   113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      32 CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
           (b) Net asset reconciliation
               This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods presented.


                                                                                                                     31 December                    31 December
                                                                                                                            2019                          2018
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                       RMB’000


                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             1,313,301                   1,227,239
                     Liquid investments (i)                                                                                    3,311                           —
                     Lease liabilities — repayable within one year                                                           (13,471)                          —
                     Lease liabilities — repayable after one year                                                             (6,654)                          —
                     Obligation under finance lease — repayable within one year                                                    —                         (370)
                     Obligation under finance lease — repayable after one year                                                     —                         (115)
                     Borrowings — repayable within one year                                                                  (53,571)                          —
                     Borrowings — repayable after one year                                                                         —                      (52,632)


                     Net asset                                                                                             1,242,916                   1,174,122


                     Cash and liquid investments                                                                           1,316,612                   1,227,239
                     Gross debt — fixed interest rates                                                                       (73,696)                     (53,117)


                     Net asset                                                                                             1,242,916                   1,174,122


               (i)      Liquid investments comprise current investments that are traded in an active market, being the Group’s financial assets held at fair value through
                        profit or loss.


                                                                                 Other assets                         Liabilities from financial activities
                                                                                                              Finance          Finance
                                                                                          Liquid           leases due       leases due Borrowings
                                                                                    investments                 within            after due after
                                                                               Cash           (i)              1 year           1 year     1 year                 Total
                                                                            RMB’000 RMB’000                 RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000                  RMB’000


                     Net asset as at 1 January 2018                         901,165           53,042              (372)           (461)     (50,000)          903,374
                     Cash flows                                             289,558          (48,150)              417               —            —           241,825
                     Foreign exchange adjustments                            36,516             2,469               (45)            (24)      (2,632)          36,284
                     Other non-cash movements                                    —             (7,361)            (370)            370            —             (7,361)


                     Net asset as at 31 December 2018 1,227,239                                      —            (370)           (115)     (52,632) 1,174,122




114 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                   Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




32 CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
   (b) Net asset reconciliation (Continued)
                                                  Other assets                                             Liabilities from financial activities

                                                                               Lease             Lease         Finance Finance
                                                                           liabilities       liabilities         leases   leases Borrowings Borrowings
                                                              Liquid      due within         due after       due within due after due within due after
                                                 Cash investments (i)         1 year            1 year           1 year   1 year      1 year    1 year              Total
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000               RMB’000


         Net asset as at 31 December
            2018                             1,227,239              —              —                 —             (370)        (115)              —   (52,632) 1,174,122
         Recognised on adoption of HKFRS16
            (Note 2.2)                              —               —        (11,400)         (17,479)              370          115               —        —     (28,394)


         Net asset as at 1 January
             2019                            1,227,239               —       (11,400)         (17,479)                —            —               —   (52,632) 1,145,728
         Cash flows                             72,913           3,462        11,193                —                 —            —               —         —     87,568
         Acquisition — leases                                                 (2,075)          (1,234)                                                             (3,309)
         Foreign exchange adjustments          13,149               (2)          755              115                 —            —          (939)          —     13,078
         Other non-cash movements                   —             (149)      (11,944)          11,944                 —            —       (52,632)     52,632       (149)


         Net asset as at 31 December
           2019                              1,313,301           3,311       (13,471)           (6,654)               —            —       (53,571)         — 1,242,916




33 COMMITMENTS
   (a) Operating leases commitments
       The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:


                                                                                                                      31 December                      31 December
                                                                                                                             2019                            2018
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                         RMB’000


         Not later than one year                                                                                                    1,441                       20,910
         Later than one year but no later than five years                                                                               —                       27,382


                                                                                                                                    1,441                       48,292




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019                HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           The Group is controlled by China Evergrande Group (“Evergrande”), which owns indirectly 54% of the Company’s shares.
           Mount Yandang Investment Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited, owns approximately 20% of
           the shares and the remaining 26% of the shares are widely held. The ultimate holding company of the Company is
           Evergrande. The ultimate parent of the Group is Xin Xin (BVI) Limited, incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The ultimate
           controlling party of the Group is Dr. Hui Ka Yan.

           In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, during the years ended 31 December 2019 and
           2018, the Group had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties, which are carried out in the
           normal course of the Group’s business:

           (a) Name and relationship with related parties

                   Name                                                               Relationship


                   Mascotte Investments Limited                                       A company in which a key management
                                                                                        personnel of the Group has controlling interest
                   Evergrande                                                         Ultimate holding company
                   Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.        A subsidiary of Evergrande
                     (“恒大互聯網金融服務(深圳)有限公司”)
                   Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                A subsidiary of Evergrande
                     (“廣州市佳穗置業有限公司”)
                   Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                 A subsidiary of Evergrande
                     (“恒大智慧科技(深圳)有限公司”)

           (b) Transactions with related parties

                                                                                                 Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                                31 December              31 December
                                                                                                       2019                    2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


                   (i) Rental expenses:
                       Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd.                                                2,083                 2,083
                       Mascotte Investments Limited                                                       1,263                 1,210


                                                                                                          3,346                 3,293


                   (ii) Revenue from network equipment usage and
                        maintenance service:
                        Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                       7,327                 7,123




116 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (c) Key management compensation

                                                                                                          Year ended                    Year ended
                                                                                                         31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                2019                         2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000                      RMB’000


              Key management compensation
                — Salaries and other employee benefits                                                              3,867                      5,211


   (d) Balances with related parties
       As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group had the following significant balances with related parties:


                                                                                                         31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                2019                         2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000                      RMB’000


              Due from related parties:
                — A key management personnel                                                                            —                      2,682
                — Evergrande Internet Financial Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                       2,070                      8,280
                — Hengda Intelligent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                4,736                      4,736


                                                                                                                    6,806                     15,698


                                                                                                         31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                2019                         2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000                      RMB’000


              Due to related parties :
                — A key management personnel (i)                                                                        49                         —
                — Guangzhou Jiasui Property Co., Ltd. (ii)                                                             496                        521


                                                                                                                       545                        521

       (i)       Amounts due to a key management personnel were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


       (ii)      Amounts due to this related party represented the rental fee payable and payments of expenses by the ultimate holding company on behalf of
                 the Group, which are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2019         HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                    117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      35 PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
           The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entities of the Company as at 31 December
           2019:

                                                                                                                                                                                     Proportion
                                                                                                                                                            Proportion              of ordinary
                                                                                                                                                           of ordinary Proportion shares held
                                                             Place of                                                                      Particulars of       shares of ordinary      by non-
                                                             incorporation                                                                  issued share       directly shares held controlling
                                                             and kind of          Principal activities and                              capital and debt       held by       by the    interests
                 Name                                        legal entity         place of operation                                            securities parent (%) Group (%)              (%)


                 Flamm Investment Holdings Limited           Hong Kong            Provision of management services to group                        HK$1         100%         100%             —
                                                                                    entities, Hong Kong

                 Sun Mass Corporation                        BVI                  Investment holding, BVI                                             —         100%         100%             —

                 Sun Mass Funding Corporation                BVI                  Investment holding, BVI                                             —         100%         100%             —

                 Crown Emerald Investments Limited           BVI                  Trading of investments, Hong Kong                       HK$85,076,371            —         100%             —

                 Mascotte Tak Ya (Dongguan) Leather The PRC, limited   Manufacture of accessories for photographic,                      HK$10,400,000             —         100%             —
                  Goods Manufactory Limited           liability company electrical and multimedia products, the PRC
                  (“馬斯葛德雅(東莞)皮具製品有限公司”) (i)

                 Mascotte Industrial Associates Group Limited BVI                 Investment holding, Hong Kong                                    US$4            —         100%             —

                 Mascotte Industrial Associates              Hong Kong            Trading of accessories for photographic, electrical              HK$2            —         100%             —
                  (Hong Kong) Limited                                                and multimedia product, Hong Kong

                 Mascotte Dongguan Electrical                The PRC, limited   Manufacture of accessories for photographic,               HK$1,500,000            —         100%             —
                  Accessories Limited                          liability company electrical and multimedia products, the PRC
                  (“馬斯葛(東莞)電子配件有限公司”) (i)

                 Time Beyond Limited                         Hong Kong            Loan financing, Hong Kong                              HK$11,547,930             —         100%             —

                 Begonia Limited                             Hong Kong            Investment holding, Hong Kong                                    HK$1            —         100%             —

                 Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services          The PRC, limited    Internet community services, the PRC                     US$15,000,000            —         100%             —
                   Co., Limited.                               liability company
                   (“深圳市恒騰網絡服務有限公司” ) (i)

                 Shenzhen HengTen Networks Limited           The PRC, limited    Internet community services, the PRC                                 —            —         100%             —
                   (“深圳市恒騰網絡有限公司”) (i)                         liability company

                 Shenzhen HengTen Intelligence Technology    The PRC, limited    Internet community services, the PRC                      RMB1,000,000            —         100%             —
                   Co., Limited.                               liability company
                   (“深圳市恒騰智能科技有限公司” ) (i)

                 Shenzhen HengTen Building Materials The PRC, limited   Internet community service and related business,                              —            —         100%             —
                   E-commerce Co., Limited.            liability company the PRC
                   (“深圳市恒騰材料電子商務有限公司”) (i)

                 Xingluo Technology Co., Limited.            The PRC, limited    Internet community services, the PRC                   RMB100,000,000             —         100%             —
                    (“星絡科技有限公司”) (i)                           liability company

                 Wuhan HengTen Mijia E-commerce              The PRC, limited    Internet community services, the PRC                      RMB1,000,000            —         100%             —
                  Co., Limited.                                liability company
                  (“武漢恆騰蜜家電子商務有限公司” ) (i)


           (i)        The names of the companies represent management’s best efforts of translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English names have been
                      registered or available.




118 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                                  Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




36 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group disposed of all its equity interests in a wholly owned subsidiary and
   a 90% holding subsidiary to an independent buyer (the “Buyer”) at the considerations of RMB36,000,000 in total. The
   Group lost control over both subsidiaries as at 31 December 2019 and recorded a disposal gain of RMB20,802,000 (Note
   28) during the year when the transaction was completed. Details of the disposal are as follows:


                                                                                                               2019
                                                                                                            RMB’000


     Disposal considerations
       — Cash received                                                                                          3,536
       — Other receivables (Note 14)                                                                           31,821
       — Currency translation differences                                                                         643


                                                                                                               36,000
     Less:
       — Total net assets of the subsidiaries disposed of                                                     (15,198)


     Gains from disposal of subsidiaries (Note 28)                                                             20,802


     Cash proceeds from disposal, net of cash disposed of
     Cash consideration received                                                                                3,536
     Less:
       — Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed of                                                 (62)


     Net cash inflow on disposals                                                                               3,474




                                                                Annual Report 2019   HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED          119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      37 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY
                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                     Note     RMB’000            RMB’000

             ASSETS
             Non-current assets
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                           79,696           78,298
             Right-of-use assets                                                                    1,971               —
             Deferred tax asset                                                                         4               —

                                                                                                   81,671           78,298

             Current assets
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                        70,572          110,515
             Other receivables and prepayments                                                     1,793               41
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                           734,364          676,033

                                                                                                 806,729          786,589

             Total assets                                                                        888,400          864,887

             EQUITY
             Capital and reserves attributable to owners
               of the Company
             Share capital                                                                        150,172          150,172
             Share premium                                                            (a)       4,454,940        4,454,940
             Other reserves                                                           (a)          35,683           21,155
             Accumulated losses                                                       (a)      (3,812,797)      (3,817,635)

             Total equity                                                                        827,998          808,632

             LIABILITIES
             Non-current liabilities
             Lease liabilities                                                                        751               —
             Borrowings                                                                                 —           52,632

             Current liabilities
             Lease liabilities                                                                      1,239               —
             Borrowings                                                                            53,571               —
             Other payables and accruals                                                            4,841            3,623

             Total liabilities                                                                     60,402           56,255

             Total equity and liabilities                                                        888,400          864,887


           The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2020 and was
           signed on its behalf.



                                  Xu Wen                                                    Huang Xiangui
                                   Director                                                    Director


120 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




37 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
   COMPANY (Continued)
   (a) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                      Share      Warrants Contributed Translation Accumulated
                                                   premium        reserve     surplus    Reserve        losses                         Total
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000


         At 1 January 2018                        4,454,940              (168)     63,481        (82,619)        (3,813,904)         621,730
         Loss for the year                               —                 —           —              —               (3,731)          (3,731)
         Currency translation difference                 —                 —           —          40,461                  —           40,461


         At 31 December 2018                      4,454,940              (168)     63,481        (42,158)        (3,817,635)         658,460


         At 1 January 2019                       4,454,940               (168)    63,481        (42,158)       (3,817,635)           658,460
         Profit for the year                             —                  —          —              —             4,838              4,838
         Currency translation difference                 —                  —          —         14,528                 —             14,528


         At 31 December 2019                     4,454,940               (168)    63,481        (27,630)       (3,812,797)           677,826



38 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
   (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
       The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out below:

                                                                                                         Other emoluments paid
                                                                                                      or receivable in respect of
                                                                                                      director’s other services in
                                                                                                             connection with the
                                                                         Allowances Contribution to   management of the affairs
                                                          Discretionary and benefits       pension         of the company or its
                                      Fees         Salary      bonuses       in kind       scheme        subsidiary undertaking          Total
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000                       RMB’000       RMB’000


         Xu Wen                            180     3,942         7,486           —               9                              —      11,617
         Chau Shing Yim, David             300         —             —           —               —                              —         300
         Nie Zhixin                        300         —             —           —               —                              —         300
         Chen Haiquan                      300         —             —           —               —                              —         300
         Shi Zhuomin                       300         —             —           —               —                              —         300
         Huang Xiangui                     180         —             —           —               9                              —         189
         Liu Yongzhuo                      180         —             —           —               9                              —         189
         Zhuo Yueqiang                       —         —             —           —               —                              —           —


                                      1,740        3,942        7,486            —              27                              —      13,195



                                                                           Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                  121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




      38 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
           (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
                The remuneration of directors of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out below:

                                                                                                                      Other emoluments paid
                                                                                                                   or receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                   director’s other services in
                                                                                                                          connection with the
                                                                                  Allowances     Contribution to   management of the affairs
                                                                 Discretionary   and benefits           pension         of the company or its
                                               Fees     Salary        bonuses          in kind          scheme         subsidiary undertaking         Total
                                           RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000                        RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Chau Shing Yim, David       300          —              —               —                 —                              —         300
                   Nie Zhixin                  300          —              —               —                 —                              —         300
                   Chen Haiquan                300          —              —               —                 —                              —         300
                   Shi Zhuomin                 300          —              —               —                 —                              —         300
                   Huang Xiangui               180          —              —               —                 9                              —         189
                   Liu Yongzhuo                180          —              —               —                 9                              —         189
                   Xu Wen                      180          —              —               —                 9                              —         189
                   Zhuo Yueqiang                —           —              —               —                 —                              —          —


                                             1,740          —              —               —                27                              —       1,767


           (b) Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits
             None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits or termination benefits for the year ended 31
             December 2019 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: nil).
           		
           (c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available
               directors’ services
                For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making
                available directors’ services (for the year ended 31 December 2018: nil).

           (d) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of
               directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with
               such directors
                For the year ended 31 December 2019, there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors,
                their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (for the year ended 31 December 2018: nil).




122 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED            Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




38 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   (e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or
       contracts
         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
         was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
         at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



39 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
   After the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19 outbreak”) in early 2020, a series of precautionary and
   control measures have been and continued to be implemented across the country/region. The Group will pay close
   attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating
   results of the Group. As at the date on which this set of financial statements were authorised for issue, the Group was not
   aware of any material adverse effects on the financial statements as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.




                                                                  Annual Report 2019    HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED           123
      Five Years Financial Summary



      The summary of results, assets and liabilities of the Group for last five financial years (extracted from published audited financial
      statements) is set forth as follows:

                                                                                                                                                            For the
                                                              For the                   For the                For the                For the             9 months
                                                          year ended                year ended             year ended            year ended                 ended
                                                         31 December              31 December            31 December           31 December            31 December
                                                                2019                     2018                   2017                   2016                  2015
                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (Restated)            (Restated)


        Turnover                                                337,300                 499,419               261,750                113,918                 82,159

        Profit/(Loss) before tax                                109,114                 146,117               123,884                   4,328             (183,907)
        Income tax (charge)/credit                              (17,041)                 (20,861)              (31,032)                   257                   77

        Profit/(Loss) for the year/period                         92,073                125,256                 92,852                  4,585             (183,830)

        Attributable to
        Owners of the company                                     90,065                124,496                 96,216                  4,307             (183,723)
        Non-controlling interests                                  2,008                    760                  (3,364)                  278                 (107)


                                                                  92,073                125,256                 92,852                  4,585             (183,830)


      CONSOLIDATED ASSETS, EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

                                                                As at                    As at                  As at                  As at                  As at
                                                         31 December              31 December            31 December           31 December            31 December
                                                                2019                    2018                   2017                  2016                   2015
                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (Restated)             (Restated)


        ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
        Total assets                                         1,537,805               1,431,983             1,205,764                 982,926               727,987
        Total liabilities                                     (396,254)               (389,342)             (324,709)               (149,634)             (112,876)

        Net assets                                           1,141,551               1,042,641                881,055                833,292               615,111

        Equity attributable to owners of
          the Company                                        1,141,551               1,041,078                880,252                829,125               611,222
        Non-controlling interests                                    —                   1,563                    803                  4,167                 3,889


                                                             1,141,551               1,042,641                881,055                833,292               615,111


      Note: The information for the nine months ended 31 December 2015 and for the year ended 31December 2016 set out in above five years financial summary has
             been restated to reclassify the performance of solar grade polycrystalline silicon operation as discontinued operations and has been restated due to change in
             presentation currency.


124 HENGTEN NETWORKS GROUP LIMITED                       Annual Report 2019
