728  0
                       0


 1
   9
5G
                              1


0
 51
 DIGITALISING the FUTURE

    0

0              1
         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
         About   China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom” or the “Company”, a joint stock

China Telecom    limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability,
                 together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) is a large-scale and leading
                 integrated intelligent information services operator in the world, providing wireline & mobile
                 telecommunications services, Internet access services, information services and other
                 value-added telecommunications services primarily in the PRC. As at the end of 2020, the
                 Company had mobile subscribers of about 351 million, wireline broadband subscribers of
                 about 159 million and access lines in service of about 108 million. The Company’s H shares
                 are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
                 Kong Stock Exchange” or ”HKSE”).




                 Contents
                 2        2020 Milestones                                  120 Table of the ESG
                 3        Corporate Information
                                                                                     Indicators

                 4                                                         125 Independent Assurance
                          Financial Highlights
                                                                                     Report
                 8        Chairman’s Statement
                                                                           126 Appendix – ESG
                 19       Biographical Details of Directors,                         Reporting Guide Index
                            Senior Management and
                                                                           130 Corporate Governance
                            Supervisors
                                                                                      Report
                 30       Management’s Discussion and
                                                                 160       Independent Auditor’s Report
                           Analysis
                                                                 164       Consolidated Statement of
                          30      Business Review
                                                                             Financial Position
                          38      Financial Review
                                                                 166       Consolidated Statement of
                 48       Report of the Directors                            Comprehensive Income
                 80       Report of the Supervisory              168       Consolidated Statement of
                            Committee                                        Changes in Equity
                 84       Recognition and Awards                 169       Consolidated Statement of
                 86       Environmental, Social and
                                                                             Cash Flows

                            Governance Report                    171       Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                             Financial Statements
                          88      Corporate Social
                                    Responsibility Report        245       Financial Summary
                          112 Human Resources                    247       Shareholder Information
                                    Development Report
                                                                           Corporate Culture
      2020 MILESTONES




                 2
                                               February      Quickly launched 5G services for Huoshenshan and
                                                             Leishenshan hospitals and developed 5G remote diagnostics




  4
                                                             and consultation platforms to support Epidemic prevention
                                                             and control.




         57
                                               April         Released “5G RCS White Paper” jointly with other
                                                             telecommunications operators and industry partners.


                                               May           China Telecom’s six targeted counties for poverty alleviation
                                                             and offer of support and assistance, namely Yanyuan County
                                                             in Sichuan, Muli County in Sichuan, Shufu County in Xinjiang,
                                                             Tianlin County in Guangxi, Banbar County in Tibet and Jiuzhi
                                                             County in Qinghai, have all been lifted out of poverty.



                                               July          Implemented the “Cloudification and Digital Transformation”
                                                             strategy to push forward the high-quality development.




                    9

10
                                               September     China Telecom received one national group commendation
                                                             and two national individual commendations at Awards
                                                             Ceremony for COVID-19 Fighters.




                                               October       Commenced comprehensive reform in government and
                                                             enterprise business field and built a vertically integrated
                                                             business group serving government and enterprise customers.




       11                                      November      Pioneered 5G standalone (SA) scale commercialisation and
                                                             rolled out customised 5G network.


                                                             Took the lead in the industry to launch 5G cloud mobile
                                                             phone, namely “e-Surfing One”.




002   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                   Sui Yixun (Chairman and Shareholder Representative)
Ke Ruiwen (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)      Zhang Jianbin (Employee Representative)
Li Zhengmao (President and Chief Operating Officer)   Dai Bin (Employee Representative)
Shao Guanglu                                          Xu Shiguang (Shareholder Representative)
Liu Guiqing                                           You Minqiang (Shareholder Representative)
Zhu Min (Chief Financial Officer and
  Secretary of the Board)                             LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE
                                                      Ke Ruiwen
Non-Executive Director
Chen Shengguang                                       COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                      Wong Yuk Har
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                 INTERNATIONAL AUDITOR
Xu Erming                                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Wang Hsuehming
Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                  LEGAL ADVISERS
                                                      Haiwen & Partners
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius (Chairman)                      Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
Xu Erming
Wang Hsuehming                                        HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE
Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                  STOCK CODE
                                                      728
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Xu Erming (Chairman)                                  COMPANY WEBSITE
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                 www.chinatelecom-h.com
Wang Hsuehming


NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Wang Hsuehming (Chairlady)
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius
Xu Erming




                                                            China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   003
      FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                           2018                    2019                    2020
      Operating revenues (RMB millions)                                                               377,124                 375,734                  393,561
      EBITDA (RMB millions)
               1
                                                                                                      104,207                 117,215                  118,880
      EBITDA margin2                                                                                     29.7%                   32.8%                   31.8%
      Net profit (RMB millions)
                   3
                                                                                                        21,210                  20,517                   20,850
      Capital expenditure (RMB millions)                                                                74,940                  77,557                   84,800
      Free cash flow4 (RMB millions)                                                                    22,457                  21,725                   14,276
      Total debt/Equity    5
                                                                                                         27.9%                   22.4%                   14.7%
      Earnings per share (RMB)                                                                          0.2621                  0.2535                   0.2576
      Dividend per share (HK$)                                                                            0.125                   0.125                   0.125


      1       EBITDA is calculated based on operating revenues minus operating expenses plus depreciation and amortisation.

      2       EBITDA margin is calculated based on EBITDA divided by service revenues.

      3       Net profit represents profit attributable to equity holders of the Company.

      4       Free cash flow is calculated based on EBITDA minus capital expenditure, income tax and depreciation charge for right-of-use assets other than
              land-use-rights.

      5       Total indebtedness refers to interest-bearing debts excluding lease liabilities. Total equity represented equity attributable to equity holders of the
              Company.




      Forward-Looking Statements

      Certain statements contained in this report may
      be viewed as “forward-looking statements”
      within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S.
      Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) and Section
      21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of
      1934 (as amended). Such forward-looking
      statements are subject to known and unknown




                                                                               6                                                           2
      risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may                                                                                                      1
                                                                                                                                                     0
      cause the actual performance, financial condition


                                                                              03
      or results of operations of the Company to be


                                                                                                                                   7 8
      materially different from any future performance,




                                                                                                                                                    90
      financial condition or results of operations implied                1
                                                                              01                                                          0

                                                                                                                                   01 1
                                                                      1
      by such forward-looking statements. In addition,                             0                                                                        0
      we do not intend to update these forward-looking                                                                                                           1     1
      statements. Further information regarding these
      risks, uncertainties and other factors is included
      in the Company’s most recent Annual Report                                              For further information, please browse
      on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and                                         our website at www.chinatelecom-h.com
      Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and in the
      Company’s other filings with the SEC.



004   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




OPERATING REVENUES
(RMB millions)


                                                                 393,561
   2020

                                                                 375,734
   2019

                                                                 377,124
   2018




EBITDA
(RMB millions)


                                                                 118,880
   2020

                                                                 117,215
   2019

                                                                 104,207
   2018




NET PROFIT
(RMB millions)


                                                                  20,850
   2020

                                                                  20,517
   2019

                                                                  21,210
   2018




DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(HK$)


                                                                   0.125
   2020

                                                                   0.125
   2019

                                                                   0.125
   2018



                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   005
    1
    0




        1
1
0
            Cloudification
              for Endowment
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




      72
                                         1


                  1
                                                                                                                          0
                                                                                                                                8
                                 0
      1 1
                                             3
                                                                                                                                           0

0
1

    6
    1
     0
      0
      1
       0
              1
                                                                                                                                 0
                                                                                      Ke Ruiwen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                       1
                                                                                                                                           9
     1
    10
    0
                        Dear 2020   was an extraordinary year. Facing the outbreak of the COVID-19 Epidemic

1               Shareholders, (“Epidemic”), the Company coordinated its efforts in Epidemic prevention and
                              control with operation and development, firmly seized opportunities emerging
                                              from the digital transformation of the economy and society, and promoted the
                                              “Cloudification and Digital Transformation” strategy on all fronts. The Company
                                              also strengthened its sci-tech innovation capabilities and deepened corporate
                                              reforms, achieving steady growth of its operating results, while continuing to
                                              share the high-quality development results of the Company with its shareholders
                                              and the society.




008   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



                                                     服務收入
                                                                                   連續 年       7
                                                                                   高於行業
                                                     ⇧2.0%                          平均


                                                     移動用戶               躍居
                                                       Service revenues  4.5%
                                                     規模約             國內行業
                                                       Surpassing industry’s
                                                     3.36億戶           第 位                  2



8
                                                       average growth rate over
                                                          several consecutive years


0
             OVERALL RESULTS

             In 2020, operating revenues of the Company amounted to RMB393.6 billion, representing
             an increase of 4.7% over last year. Service revenues 1 amounted to RMB373.8 billion,




9
             representing an increase of 4.5% over last year, surpassing the industry’s average growth
             rate2 over several consecutive years. Of which, mobile service revenues amounted to

    01   1   RMB181.7 billion, representing an increase of 3.5% over last year. Wireline service revenues
             amounted to RMB192.1 billion, representing an increase of 5.5% over last year. EBITDA3
             amounted to RMB118.9 billion, representing an increase of 1.4% over last year. Net profit4
             amounted to RMB20.9 billion, representing an increase of 1.6% over last year, while basic
             earnings per share were RMB0.26. Capital expenditure was RMB84.8 billion and free cash
             flow5 was RMB14.3 billion. The Company’s financial position remained robust.


             Taking shareholders’ returns into full consideration, alongside the Company’s profitability,
             cash flow level and capital needs for its future development, the Board of Directors has
             decided to recommend at the 2020 Annual General Meeting that a final dividend equivalent
             to HK$0.125 per share for the year 2020 to be declared. Going forward, the Company will
             continue to create shareholder value, while fully balancing the cash flow required for the
             long-term development of the Company with returns to shareholders.




             1
                    Service revenues are calculated based on operating revenues minus sales of mobile terminals, sales of
                    wireline equipment and other non-service revenues.
             2
                    MIIT’s statistical communique of the communications industry in 2020: telecommunications revenue grew
                    by 3.6% year-on-year in 2020.
             3
                    EBITDA is calculated based on operating revenues minus operating expenses plus depreciation and
                    amortisation.
             4
                    Net profit represents profit attributable to equity holders of the Company.
             5
                    Free cash flow is calculated based on EBITDA minus capital expenditure, income tax and depreciation
                    charge for right-of-use assets other than land-use-rights.



                                                        China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                009
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                              BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

                                              In 2020, technologies such as 5G, cloud and artificial intelligence (AI) integrated
                                              to bring about fusion with robust development in digital economy. The Company
                                              built up new information infrastructure with 5G and cloud as the core, and
                                              stimulated increasing and diversified customer demand for integrated intelligent
                                              information services.

        5G package subscribers
                                              Rapid 5G penetration with subscriber scale and value further expanded

             86.50 Mil                        Leveraging “5G + e-Surfing Cloud”, the Company provided its users with an
                                              excellent network experience as well as differentiated applications and services.
        Penetration 24.6%
                                              The Company established a 5G member privilege system unique to China
                                              Telecom, launched exclusive privileges related to network, security, services
                                              and etc. The Company also cooperated with more than 30 top application
                                              partners to launch over 100 eco-privileges. Leveraging the features of high
                                              access speed and low latency, as well as edge computing capabilities of its
                                              5G network, the Company rolled out a number of applications featuring 5G,
                                              including e-Surfing Cloud Drive, e-Surfing Ultra HD, Colour Ringback Tone with
                                              Video, e-Surfing Cloud VR and e-Surfing Cloud Game. The Company took
                                              the lead in the industry to launch 5G cloud mobile phone, namely “e-Surfing
                                              One”, which leveraged the capabilities of cloud-network integration to break
                                              through performance bottlenecks for devices and facilitated the accelerating
                                              popularisation of 5G devices.


                                              The Company’s 5G consumer service achieved a promising start, enabling a
                                              scale expansion of its mobile subscriber market with value. As of the end of
                                              2020, the total number of the Company’s mobile subscribers reached 351
                                              million, representing a net addition of 15.45 million and expanding its market
                                              share to 22.0%. The number of 5G package subscribers reached 86.50
                                              million with a penetration rate of 24.6%. The total number of subscribers for
                                              applications featuring 5G exceeded 150 million, while the year-on-year decline
                                              for mobile ARPU continued to narrow.




010   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Convergence and upgrade of Smart Family services
with its value contribution gradually becoming
prominent
The Company comprehensively upgraded its family
informatisation services. The Company promoted its “Triple-
Gigabit” access service comprising 5G + Fibre Broadband
+ WiFi6 as well as its Whole-home WiFi service. The
Company also optimised the Internet surfing experience of
its subscribers, designed the e-Surfing Webcam product
which integrates functionalities such as security, video,
and wireless access as a whole. The Company stimulated
                                                                                   Chairman Ke Ruiwen presented at China
families’ demand for cloud services and developed the DICT                         Telecom’s 5G Innovation and Cooperation
products and services portfolio for Smart Family to meet                           Conference

the increasingly diversified scenario-based demand from
family customers. As a result, the value of the Company’s
broadband access service was restored, with the value
contribution from Smart Family services becoming
prominent.


In 2020, the number of the Company’s broadband
subscribers reached 159 million. Revenue from wireline
broadband access amounted to RMB71.9 billion,
representing an increase of 5.1% over last year. Broadband
access ARPU was RMB38.4, up by 0.8% over last year.                                  Broadband revenue and
The declining trend in both revenue and ARPU was turned                              ARPU turned around
around. Revenue from Smart Family reached RMB11.1                                    Smart
billion, representing an increase of 37.5% over last year. The
broadband blended ARPU6 reached RMB44.4, representing
                                                                                     Family revenue              37.5%
an increase of 4.2% over last year. The value contribution                           Value
                                                                                     contribution of
from Smart Family continued to enhance.


                                                                                     Smart Family
                                                                                     increasingly
                                                                                     prominent

6
       Broadband blended ARPU is calculated based on the sum of monthly average revenues from
       broadband access, e-Surfing HD and Smart Family applications and services divided by the
       average number of broadband subscribers.



                                                                               China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   011
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                                         Accelerating development of Industrial Digitalisation7 maintaining an
                                                         upward trend
                                                         Capturing opportunities emerging from the digital transformation of the economy
                                                         and society, the Company integrated emerging information technologies such as
                                                         5G and cloud, established a digitalised platform, re-packaged its fundamental
                                                         capabilities to form new services, and accelerated its technological endowment.
                                                         The Company pioneered 5G standalone (SA) scale commercialisation and rolled

          ≈1,900                                         out customised 5G network to meet the differentiated demands from vertical
                                                         industries for low latency, wide-area connectivity and network security, among
          customers signed
                                                         others. Leveraging the technical features of 5G “Super Uplink”8, edge cloud,
          contracts for 5G
                                                         and the Internet of Things (IoT), the Company built a series of benchmarks
          industry applications
                                                         for various vertical industries such as industrial Internet, smart energy, smart
                                                         healthcare and smart parks, and gradually launched 5G innovative applications
                                                         such as remote control, machine vision, and Automated Guided Vehicles
                                                         (AGV). As of the end of 2020, the Company had signed contracts with a total of
                                                         nearly 1,900 customers for its 5G industry applications, with more than 1,100
                                                         use cases being launched. Focusing on the scenario-based demands from
                                                         enterprises’ cloud migration, the Company continued to optimise its resource
                                                         deployment for IDC and cloud. The Company strengthened its unified cloud
                                                         service capabilities comprising public, private, dedicated and hybrid clouds,

          >1,100                                         conducted proprietary research and development (R&D) of the key core
                                                         technologies for e-Surfing Cloud, collaborated with more than 500 partners, and
          use cases launched                             established a cloud product portfolio integrating cloud, data and intelligence.


                                                         In 2020, revenue from the Company’s Industrial Digitalisation reached RMB84.0
                                                         billion, representing an increase of 9.7% year-on-year, maintaining the industry-
                                                         leading position in terms of revenue size and market share.


                                                         COMPREHENSIVE IMPLEMENTATION
                                                         OF “CLOUDIFICATION AND DIGITAL
                                                         TRANSFORMATION” STRATEGY

                                                         In 2020, the Company sped up its cloud & network convergence based
                                                         digital upgrade, established the new development pattern from an all-round
                                                         perspective and strived to enhance its market competitiveness and corporate
                                                         vitality.

      7
            Industrial Digitalisation includes Industry Cloud, IDC, Network Dedicated Line, Internet of Things (IoT), Internet Finance, system integration services
            and other informatisation services.
      8
            The development of the 5G “Super Uplink” (UL Tx switching) was led by China Telecom. It was incorporated into the 5G R16 global unified
            specification by 3GPP on 3 July 2020.




012   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Strengthening the distribution of cloud-network capabilities and building
new infrastructure based on cloud-network integration
The Company adhered to the strategic direction of “Cloud central, Network
around, Network adaptive to cloud, Cloud and network as one”, and sped up
the construction of new infrastructure based on cloud-network integration.
                                                                                                                      97
The Company continued to promote 5G network co-building and co-sharing.
The number of 5G base stations in use exceeded 380,000. The Company
also took a global lead in achieving scale commercialisation of 5G SA network,
and launched customised 5G networks including “Wide-area”, “Adjacent” and
“Wingspan”. At the same time, the Company conducted 4G network co-sharing
and activated approximately 170,000 co-shared 4G base stations throughout
the year, which further optimised the network coverage, as well as achieved
savings in investment and operations and maintenance costs. In line with the
                                                                                                                Industrial Digitalisation
overall “2+4+31+X+O” deployment, the Company accelerated the construction
                                                                                                                revenue     9.7%
of e-Surfing Cloud and IDC, with the number of cloud resource pools exceeding
100 and the number of IDC cabinets exceeding 420,000. Of which, about 80%                                       Maintaining
of cabinets were deployed in the four major regions, namely Beijing-Tianjin-
Hebei, Yangtze River Delta, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau, and Shaanxi-
                                                                                                                industry-leading
                                                                                                                position in terms of
Sichuan-Chongqing. Leveraging its massive amount of exchange buildings at
                                                                                                                revenue size and
the edge, the Company commenced the development of multi-access edge
                                                                                                                market share
computing (MEC) and forged capabilities of cloud-edge coordination. The
Company pushed forward the upgrade of its Gigabit fibre broadband network
in 280 cities and completed the construction of five major regional ROADM9
transmission backbone network with nationwide coverage, while expanding the
coverage of its superior OTN network for government and enterprise customers.
Revenue from Overall Cloud10 services reached RMB13.8 billion, with the
Company continuing to rank at forefront in terms of the market share in public
cloud in China.




9
       ROADM represents Reconfigurable Optical Add-Drop Multiplexer.
10
       Overall Cloud includes Industry Cloud, Family Cloud and access service directly related to cloud, etc.



                                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   013
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                              Building a digitalised platform to empower digital transformation
                                              The Company strengthened the planning of its digitalised platform to empower
                                              the internal and external digital transformation. Internally, the Company pushed
                                              forward the digitalisation of its operation. The Company explored the potential
                                              demand for 5G and Smart Family by leveraging AI and Big Data. The coverage of
                                              targeted marketing exceeded 85%, significantly enhancing marketing resources’
                                              effectiveness in driving incremental revenue. The Company accelerated the
                                              construction of its new-generation cloud-network operating system to support
                                              the scale commercialisation of 5G SA and enhance the efficiency of service
      ≈700 IDC sites                          activation and product loading, while optimising its network quality and user
                                              experience. The Company’s overall satisfaction rate11 maintained the industry-
      420k cabinets Nationwide
                  No.1
                              12              leading position. The Company also conducted proprietary research of AI
      Industry                                algorithms to promote energy saving for 4G base stations, as well as to explore
                                              smart energy saving solutions for 5G base stations. The Company gradually
                                              expanded its trial scope and implemented smart energy saving initiatives for
                                              IDC sites. As a result, the Company’s electricity cost as a percentage of service
                                              revenues was at low level in the industry. Applying Big Data to achieve precision
                                              investment and construction, the Company redeployed under-utilised 4G base
                                              stations to busy or blind-spot areas, and enhanced the utilisation rate of its fibre
                                              broadband ports.


                                              Externally, the Company propelled cloud migration, the use of data and
                                              intelligence injection for its customers, and built the technological foundation
                                              for digitalised platform. Supported by its digitalised platform, the Company
                                              aggregated its internal fundamental capabilities including communications,
                                              security, AI, Big Data and IoT, among others, while combining external digital
                                              ecology, to inject intelligence powered by data and provide endowment for
                                              products and services, so as to propel industrial digitalisation and intelligent
                                              transformation. The number of times for capabilities deployment of the whole
                                              network exceeded 10 billion.


                                              Promoting sci-tech innovation to accelerate the shift towards a sci-tech
                                              company
                                              The Company pushed forward its R&D system reforms and stimulated vitality
                                              for sci-tech innovation. Focusing on its technological development objectives,
                                              the Company increased its investment in R&D, elevated the input and output
                                              efficiency of R&D resources, and strengthened its R&D teams in key areas such




                                              11
                                                     Source is from the result of MIIT’s national user satisfaction survey on telecommunications
                                                     service quality.
                                              12
                                                     Source of ranking in IDC industry: Internet Weekly



014   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




as cloud-network integration and security. The Company strengthened its own
problem-tackling efforts for core technologies, and reinforced its challenge-
confronting efforts for core technologies in key areas such as 5G, cloud-
network integration as well as network and information security. The Company
conducted proprietary R&D of e-Surfing Cloud 3.0 and mastered 20 core
                                                                                              IaaS
technologies, including platform-as-a-service (PaaS). The Company commenced
scale commercialisation of e-Surfing Cloud content delivery networks (CDN)
and distributed storage systems. As a result, the Company’s competitiveness
in cloud computing market was effectively elevated. The Company’s e-Surfing
Cloud PaaS platform has been widely adopted by internal and external                    Public cloud IaaS14

                                                                                             No.7
customers, providing stable hosting for hundreds of millions of customers, while
CDN is serving a number of top Internet customers. The Company conducted                Global

                                                                                        Among telcos No.1
proprietary R&D for MEC platform and launched trial projects for top vertical-
industry customers. Through the gradual deployment of equipment such as
frequency-shifting MIMO indoor distribution systems, expandable small cells
and lightweight UPF13, the cost for 5G network construction was effectively
reduced. During the year, the Company completed 40 global standardisation
projects and filed 882 new patents. In GSMA, the Company led and organised
global industry chain in the development and release of “5G SA Implementation
Guidelines”. The Company also continued to optimise the planning of its sci-
tech innovation and collaborated with partners from the ecosystem to carry
out cooperative innovation among industry, academia and R&D institutes in the
fields of quantum communications and network security. The Company also has
strategic cooperation with universities and research institutes to jointly promote
research in key technologies and application innovation.


Deepening reforms on all fronts to inspire corporate vitality and
expanding cooperation to forge ecological competitiveness
The Company pushed forward reforms on all fronts, sped up the establishment
of a new customer-oriented institutional system and built a vertically integrated
business group serving government and enterprise customers. The Company
enhanced its capabilities of informatisation development as well as its operating
vitality in government and enterprise market, by sharing and integrating
fundamental capabilities, products and services on its digitalised platform.




13
       UPF represents User Port Function.
14
       Source of public cloud IaaS ranking: Released by IDC in 2019.



                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   015
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




      Overall satisfaction                    The Company also orderly promoted reforms of its professional companies,
                                              explored structural optimisation for system integration, and strengthened
                                              core technological capabilities. System Integration company was included in
                                              the “Science Reform Demonstration Action” list by SASAC15. The Company
                                              commenced the restructuring of its cloud company, fully consolidated the cloud
                                              resources, strengthened R&D, operation and ecological cooperation for its
                                              cloud service, while also deepening the market-oriented mechanism reforms.
                                              The Company streamlined its departments and personnel in the headquarters,
                                              commenced reengineering for operation and management procedures, and
                                              carried out reforms to grant and delegate power to provincial branches, with an
      Maintained
                                              aim to enhance operating efficiency. The Company also innovated its market-
      industry-leading                        oriented talent recruitment mechanism, strengthened the recruitment and
                                              promotion of young employees, built a team of sci-tech and innovative talents
                                              and optimised its performance-based remuneration system, so as to enhance
                                              employees’ vitality and efficiency. The Company strengthened its planning
                                              of ecosystem, continued to expand its corporate boundaries and deepened
                                              cooperation of the whole industry chain. Leveraging its core capabilities and
                                              platform, the Company enriched the ecology for industries such as family
                                              informatisation and vertical industries for government and enterprise customers.
                                              The Company also strengthened cooperation and eco-aggregation with capital
                                              financing, expanded innovative cooperation in emerging areas, and gradually
                                              create an industry chain ecology with a larger scope and at a higher-level.


                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND SOCIAL
                                              RESPONSIBILITY

                                              As a large-scale and leading full-service, integrated intelligent information
                                              services provider in the world, the Company has long been insisting on
                                              integrating environmental, social and governance responsibilities into its business
                                              operation and management. The Company is also continuously enhancing
                                              the respective risk management and internal control systems. By adhering to
                                              excellent, prudent, and effective corporate governance principles, the Company
                                              insists on compliance with laws and regulations, as well as standardised
                                              and green operation. The Company proactively responded to changes in the
                                              external environment to ensure its healthy and sustainable development and
                                              safeguard the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders. During




                                              15
                                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.




016   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




the past year, the Company’s continuous efforts and outstanding performance
have been widely recognised and highly acclaimed. The Company received
“ESG Leading Enterprise Award” from Bloomberg Businessweek and was
named “Most Honoured Company in Asia” for the 10th consecutive year by
Institutional Investor. The Company was also awarded the “Platinum Award –
Excellence in Environmental, Social and Governance” for the 12th consecutive
year by The Asset. In addition, the Company was awarded “The Best of Asia –
Icon on Corporate Governance” for the 13th time by Corporate Governance Asia.
Moreover, the Company was named “No.1 Best Telecommunications Company
in Asia” by FinanceAsia.


With the outbreak of the Epidemic in 2020, the Company quickly completed
the construction of 5G network and cloud platform for Huoshenshan and
Leishenshan hospitals, among others, and built the widely-acclaimed “cloud
supervision” live broadcast platform. The Company also developed 5G remote
diagnostics and consultation platforms to support Epidemic prevention and
control. The Company launched “Operation Warm Spring”, which comprised
of nine types of informatisation services, to support the resumption of work
and production for the society. The Company also provided care for its
employees and dedicated itself to safeguarding the safety and well-being
of its employees based locally and overseas. In recognition of these efforts,
China Telecom received one national group commendation and two national
individual commendations. The Company proactively shouldered the poverty
alleviation work, vigorously promoted poverty reduction in areas of industry,
employment, consumption and education. The Company continued to promote
poverty reduction in areas of network, communications and informatisation.
The targeted counties and villages which received partner assistance to poverty
reduction from our companies at different levels have all been lifted out of
poverty. The Company proactively created a favourable operating environment,
promoted value enhancement for the industry, further implemented Speed
Upgrade and Tariff Reduction and Mobile Number Portability, and safeguarded
network and information security. The Company also initiated informatisation
service support designed specifically for SME customers, while helping small,
medium and micro enterprises, as well as self-employed merchants to reduce
their operational burdens. The Company also successfully completed tasks
such as emergency communications and communications assurance for key
projects.




                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   017
      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




      OUTLOOK                                                          Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to
                                                                       take this opportunity to express our sincere appreciation

      2021 marks the first year of China’s “14th Five-Year Plan”.      to all our shareholders and customers for their ongoing

      Entering the new stage of its development, the Company           support. I would also like to express our sincere thanks to

      will insist on new development philosophy and establish          all our employees for their hard work and contributions.

      new development pattern. Seizing the opportunities               Furthermore, I would like to extend our heartfelt gratitude

      brought by the robust development of digital economy             towards Mr. Chen Zhongyue and Mr. Wang Guoquan

      as well as the accelerated digital transformation of the         for their outstanding contributions during their tenure as

      society, the Company will comprehensively and deeply             directors of the Company.

      promote “Cloudification and Digital Transformation”
      strategy. The Company will continue to deepen reforms,
      commence the initial public offering and listing of shares
      in the domestic capital market, innovate systems and
      mechanisms, enhance corporate and employees’ vitality,
      expand ecological cooperation and enhance its sustainable
      development capabilities. The Company will strengthen
      sci-tech innovation centred around problem-tackling of
      core technologies and accelerate the integration of 5G,
                                                                       Ke Ruiwen
      cloud and AI to develop new information infrastructure.
                                                                       Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      The Company will also stimulate the ever-migrating and           Beijing, China
      evolving demands from the society for informatisation
      under converged scenarios, continue to build its digitalised     9 March 2021
      platform, and proactively empower internal and external
      digital transformation. The Company will also proactively
      shoulder its social responsibility to promote rural
      revitalisation, and facilitate the construction of Cyberpower,
      digital China and smart society. The Company will
      share the results of its high-quality development with
      shareholders and customers and continue to create value
      for the society.




018   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                               BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                               SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS



MR. KE RUIWEN
Age 57, is an Executive Director, the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He joined the Board of
Directors of the Company in May 2012. Mr. Ke obtained a doctorate
degree in business administration (DBA) from the ESC Rennes School
of Business. Mr. Ke served as Deputy Director General of Jiangxi Posts
and Telecommunications Administration, Deputy General Manager of
Jiangxi Telecom, Managing Director of the Marketing Department of
the Company and China Telecommunications Corporation*, General
Manager of Jiangxi Telecom, Managing Director of the Human
Resources Department of the Company and China Telecommunications
Corporation, Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating
Officer of the Company, Vice President and President of China
Telecommunications Corporation and the Chairman of Supervisory
Committee of China Tower Corporation Limited. He is also the Chairman
of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Ke has extensive
experience in management and the telecommunications industry.




MR. LI ZHENGMAO
Age 58, is an Executive Director, the President and Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. He joined the Board of Directors of the Company
in May 2020. Mr. Li graduated from Sichuan University with a major in
radio electronics and received a master degree in radio technology from
Chengdu Telecommunications Engineering Institute and a doctorate
degree in communication and electronic system of radio engineering
from Southeast University. Mr. Li served as an Executive Director and
Vice President of China Unicom Limited, a Director and Vice President
of China United Telecommunications Corporation, a Vice President of
China Mobile Limited which is listed on the Main Board of the HKSE, a
Vice President and General Counsel of China Mobile Communications
Group Co., Ltd. and a Director and Vice President of China Mobile
Communication Co., Ltd., a Non-Executive Director of China
Communications Services Corporation Limited which is listed on the
Main Board of the HKSE and a Vice Chairman of True Corporation Public
Company Limited which is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
Mr. Li is also a Director and the President of China Telecommunications
Corporation. Mr. Li has extensive experience in management and the
telecommunications industry.


*      Now known as “中國電信集團有限公司”, the controlling shareholder (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of
       Hong Kong) of the Company, holds approximately 70.89% of the issued share capital of the Company.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020            019
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




      MR. SHAO GUANGLU

      Age 57, is an Executive Director of the Company. He joined the Board
      of Directors of the Company in May 2020. Mr. Shao is a professor
      level senior engineer. He graduated and received master degrees
      in engineering and economics from Harbin Institute of Technology
      and a doctorate degree in management from Nankai University. Mr.
      Shao served as a Deputy General Manager of China United Network
      Communications Group Company Limited, an Executive Director and
      Senior Vice President of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited which
      is listed on the Main Board of the HKSE, a Senior Vice President of
      China United Network Communications Limited which is listed on the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, a Director and Senior Vice President of
      China United Network Communications Corporation Limited, a Non-
      Executive Director of China Communications Services Corporation
      Limited, China Tower Corporation Limited and PCCW Limited, all of
      which are listed on the Main Board of the HKSE, a member of the
      board of directors of Open Networking Foundation, a member of the
      strategy committee of GSM Association and a Vice President of China
      Information Technology Industry Federation. Mr. Shao is currently
      a Director of China Telecommunications Corporation and a Deputy
      Director of Communications Science and Technology Committee of the
      Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic
      of China. Mr. Shao has extensive experience in management and the
      telecommunications industry.




      MR. ZHANG ZHIYONG

      Age 55, was appointed as an Executive Vice President of the Company
      on 10 July 2018. Mr. Zhang is a senior engineer. He graduated from the
      Changchun Institute of Posts and Telecommunications with a bachelor
      degree in radio engineering. He also received a master degree in control
      engineering from Yanshan University and a master of management
      degree from BI Norwegian School of Management. Mr. Zhang served as
      Managing Director of the Sideline Industrial Management Department of
      China Telecommunications Corporation, President and Executive Director
      of China Communications Services Corporation Limited which is listed
      on the Main Board of the HKSE, General Manager of Xinjiang branch and
      Beijing branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited. He is also a Vice
      President and Chief Network Security Officer of China Telecommunications
      Corporation, the Chairman of the board of directors and an Executive
      Director of China Communications Services Corporation Limited and a
      Non-Executive Director of China Tower Corporation Limited, both are listed
      on the Main Board of the HKSE. Mr. Zhang has extensive experience in
      management and the telecommunications industry.

020   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                                                                              SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




MR. LIU GUIQING

Age 54, is an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of
the Company. He joined the Board of Directors of the Company in
August 2019. Mr. Liu is a professor-level senior engineer. He received
a doctorate degree in engineering science from National University of
Defense Technology. Mr. Liu served as Deputy General Manager and
General Manager of China Unicom Hunan branch and General Manager
of China Unicom Jiangsu provincial branch. He is also a Vice President
of China Telecommunications Corporation, a Deputy Director General
of China Institute of Communications and a Director of Global System
for Mobile communications Association (GSMA). Mr. Liu has extensive
experience in management and the telecommunications industry.




MADAM ZHU MIN

Age 56, is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary of the Board of the Company. She joined the
Board of Directors of the Company in October 2018. Madam Zhu is a
senior accountant. She received a master degree in system engineering
from the Faculty of Management Engineering at the Beijing Institute of
Posts and Telecommunications and a doctorate degree in business
administration from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Madam Zhu
served as Managing Director of Finance Department of China Telecom
(Hong Kong) Limited, Managing Director of Finance Department of China
Mobile (Hong Kong) Group Limited, Deputy Chief Financial Officer and
Managing Director of Finance Department of China Mobile Limited which
is listed on the Main Board of the HKSE, Director General of Finance
Department of China Mobile Communications Corporation, Deputy
Chief Accountant and Director General of Finance Department of China
Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. and a Director of Shanghai
Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. which is listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange. She is currently the Chief Accountant of China
Telecommunications Corporation. Madam Zhu has extensive experience
in finance, management and the telecommunications industry.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   021
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




      MR. CHEN SHENGGUANG

      Age 57, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He joined the
      Board of Directors of the Company in May 2017. Mr. Chen graduated
      from Zhongnan University of Economics with a major in finance and
      accounting, and obtained a postgraduate degree in economics from
      Guangdong Academy of Social Sciences and a master degree in
      business administration (MBA) from Lingnan College of Sun Yat-sen
      University. Mr. Chen is currently the Director and General Manager of
      Guangdong Rising Holdings Group Co., Ltd.* (one of the domestic
      shareholders of the Company). Mr. Chen served as the Manager of
      Finance Department and Deputy General Manager of Guangdong Foreign
      Trade Import & Export Corporation, Head of Finance Department,
      Assistant to General Manager and Chief Accountant of Guangdong
      Guangxin Foreign Trade Group Co., Limited, a Director of FSPG Hi-
      Tech Co., Ltd. which is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, a Non-
      Executive Director of Xingfa Aluminium Holdings Limited which is listed
      on the Main Board of the HKSE, a Director of Guangdong Silk-Tex
      Group Co., Ltd., the Chief Accountant and Deputy General Manager
      of Guangdong Guangxin Holdings Group Ltd.. Mr. Chen has extensive
      experience in finance and corporate management.




      *     A substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



022   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                             BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                                                                           SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




MR. TSE HAU YIN, ALOYSIUS

Age 73, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
He joined the Board of Directors of the Company in September 2005.
Mr. Tse is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of CNOOC
Limited, Sinofert Holdings Limited, SJM Holdings Limited and China
Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd., all of which are listed on the
Main Board of the HKSE. Mr. Tse is also an Independent Non-Executive
Director of OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited (formerly known as “Wing
Hang Bank Limited”, which was listed on the Main Board of the HKSE
until October 2014). From 2004 to 2010, he was an Independent Non-
Executive Director of China Construction Bank Corporation, which is
listed on the Main Board of the HKSE. From 2005 to 2016, Mr. Tse was
also an Independent Non-Executive Director of Daohe Global Group
Limited (formerly known as “Linmark Group Limited”), which is listed on
the Main Board of the HKSE. Mr. Tse was appointed as an Independent
Non-Executive Director of CCB International (Holdings) Limited, a wholly
owned subsidiary of China Construction Bank Corporation in March
2013. He is also a member of the International Advisory Council of the
People’s Municipal Government of Wuhan. Mr. Tse is a fellow of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, and the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Mr. Tse is
a past President and a former member of the Audit Committee of the
HKICPA. He joined KPMG in 1976, became a partner in 1984 and retired
in March 2003. Mr. Tse was a Non-Executive Chairman of KPMG’s
operations in China and a member of the KPMG China advisory board
from 1997 to 2000. Mr. Tse is a graduate of the University of Hong Kong.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   023
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




      PROFESSOR XU ERMING

      Age 71, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
      He joined the Board of Directors of the Company in September 2005.
      Professor Xu is a Vice Chairman of the Chinese Enterprise Management
      Research Association. He is entitled to the State Council’s special
      government allowances. Professor Xu served as a professor, Ph.D.
      supervisor of the Graduate School and Dean of Business School at the
      Renmin University of China, a professor and Dean of Business School
      of Shantou University, and was an Independent Supervisor of Harbin
      Electric Company Limited and an Independent Non-Executive Director of
      Comtec Solar Systems Group Limited, both are listed on the Main Board
      of the HKSE. Over the years, Professor Xu has conducted research in
      areas related to strategic management, innovation and entrepreneurship
      management, and has been responsible for research on many subjects
      put forward by the National Natural Science Foundation, the National
      Social Science Foundation, and other authorities at provincial and ministry
      level. He has received many awards such as the Ministry of Education’s
      Class One Excellent Higher Education Textbook Award, the State-Level
      Class Two Teaching Award and the National Excellent Course Award.
      Professor Xu has been awarded the Fulbright Scholar of U.S.A. twice
      and the visiting scholar of McGill University, Canada. Professor Xu was
      previously a lecturer at the New York State University at Buffalo, U.S.A.,
      the University of Scranton, U.S.A., the University of Technology, Sydney,
      the Kyushu University, Japan, Panyapiwat Institute of Management,
      Thailand and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.




024   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                                                                               SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




MADAM WANG HSUEHMING

Age 71, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. She
joined the Board of Directors of the Company in May 2014. Madam Wang
received a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Massachusetts
and attended Columbia University. She was a Senior Advisor and former
Chairman of BlackRock China. She was also the former Chairman of
China at Goldman Sachs Asset Management. She joined Goldman
Sachs in 1994, became a Partner in 2000 and an Advisory Director from
2010 to 2011. With nearly 30 years of experience in financial services,
she participated in pioneering efforts in China’s economic reform and
development. She was instrumental in advising Ministry of Posts and
Telecommunications and Ministry of Information Industry (now known as
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology) in the privatisations and
listings of its mobile and fixed line businesses. She also participated in
advising appropriate operators in strategic investments by international
telecom companies. The early cross-border financings of aircraft and
other capital equipment in China’s aviation sector, as well as the separate
listings of national airlines, and important provincial and municipal credit
restructurings also formed part of Madam Wang’s understanding of
China’s economic growth in the past three decades.




                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   025
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




      MR. YEUNG CHI WAI, JASON

      Age 66, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
      He joined the Board of Directors of the Company in October 2018. Mr.
      Yeung is currently the Group Chief Compliance and Risk Management
      Officer of Fung Holdings (1937) Limited and its listed companies
      in Hong Kong, an Independent Non-Executive Director of Bank of
      Communications Co., Ltd, which is listed on the Main Board of the
      HKSE and the Shanghai Stock Exchange and a member of Hospital
      Authority Board of Hong Kong. Mr. Yeung has extensive experience in
      handling legal, compliance and regulatory matters and previously worked
      in the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, law firms and
      enterprises practising corporate, commercial and securities laws. Mr.
      Yeung served as a Director and the General Counsel of China Everbright
      Limited, which is listed on the Main Board of the HKSE and was also a
      partner of Woo, Kwan, Lee, & Lo.. He acted as the Board Secretary of
      BOC Hong Kong (Holdings) Limited which is listed on the Main Board
      of the HKSE, from 2001 to 2011 and concurrently acted as the Board
      Secretary of Bank of China Limited which is listed on the Main Board of
      the HKSE and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from 2005 to 2008. He
      also served as the Deputy Chief Executive (Personal Banking) of Bank of
      China (Hong Kong) Limited from April 2011 to February 2015. Mr. Yeung
      received a bachelor degree in social sciences from the University of Hong
      Kong. He then graduated from The College of Law, United Kingdom
      and received a bachelor degree in law and a master degree in business
      administration from the University of Western Ontario, Canada.




      SUPERVISORS

      MR. SUI YIXUN

      Age 57, is a Shareholder Representative Supervisor and the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.
      He joined the Supervisory Committee of the Company in May 2015. Mr. Sui is currently a Supervisor of Tianyi Telecom
      Terminals Company Limited and a Supervisor of China Tower Corporation Limited which is listed on the Main Board
      of the HKSE. Mr. Sui received a bachelor degree from Beijing Institute of Posts and Telecommunications and a master
      degree in business administration from Tsinghua University. Mr. Sui served as Deputy General Manager of China Telecom
      Shandong branch, Deputy General Manager of the Northern Telecom of China Telecommunications Corporation, General
      Manager of China Telecom Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region branch and the Managing Director of audit department
      of the Company. Mr. Sui is a senior economist and has extensive experience in operational and financial management in
      the telecommunications industry.




026   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                             BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                                                                           SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORS




MR. ZHANG JIANBIN

Age 55, is an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company. He joined the Supervisory Committee of the
Company in October 2012. Mr. Zhang is currently the Deputy Managing Director of the Legal Department (Compliance
Management Department) of the Company and the Deputy General Counsel of China Telecommunications Corporation.
Mr. Zhang graduated from the Law School of Peking University in 1989 and received a LLM degree. He also had an
EMBA degree from the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University in 2006. He previously worked at the
Department of Policy and Regulation of the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications (“MPT”) and the Directorate
General of Telecommunications of the MPT. Mr. Zhang has extensive experience in corporate legal affairs.


MR. DAI BIN

Age 52, is an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company. He joined the Supervisory Committee of the
Company in May 2020. Mr. Dai serves as the Vice Chairman of the Labour Union of China Telecommunications
Corporation. Mr. Dai is a senior economist. He graduated from Xiamen University and received a bachelor degree in
Chinese language and literature. He also obtained an EMBA degree from the Guanghua School of Management at
Peking University. He served as a Deputy Managing Director of the Office of the Board of Directors of the Company and
the Deputy Managing Director of the General Affairs Office (Office of the Board of Directors and Security Department)
of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Dai has extensive experience in operational management in the
telecommunications industry.


MR. XU SHIGUANG

Age 41, is a Shareholder Representative Supervisor of the Company. He joined the Supervisory Committee of the
Company in October 2018. Mr. Xu is currently the Deputy General Manager of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
branch of the Company. Mr. Xu received a bachelor degree in auditing and a master degree in accounting from the
Nankai University. Mr. Xu served at various positions in internal control and auditing at China Telecommunications
Corporation for many years and was the Director of general office of audit department of the Company. Mr. Xu is a
member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a Certified Internal Auditor with extensive experience
in internal control and auditing.


MR. YOU MINQIANG

Age 47, is a Shareholder Representative Supervisor of the Company. He joined the Supervisory Committee of the
Company in May 2020. Mr. You serves as a Deputy Director of the Organisation Department (Human Resources
Department) of Zhejiang Provincial Financial Development Co., Ltd. (one of the domestic shareholders of the Company)
and the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Zhejiang Nongdu Agricultural Products Co., Ltd.. Mr. You is a senior
economist. He graduated from Hangzhou University and received a bachelor degree in education. Mr. You served
in Armed Police Hangzhou Command School and Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.. He has extensive
experience in the field of human resources.



                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      027
                     AI to Inject
                     Intelligence


                1

                     01
            1 0  0


                 8
1
    0
    1              0
            01
                101
            0

        1
        0
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
      Business Review



      The following table sets out the key operating data for 2018, 2019 and 2020:


                                                                                                                    2020
                                                                                                                  change
                                                           Unit      2018              2019              2020   over 2019
      Mobile subscribers                                 Million    303.00            335.57          351.02        4.6%
      Mobile voice usage                         Million minutes   827,724           820,346         784,485       –4.4%
      Handset data traffic                                 kTB      14,073            24,370          34,690       42.3%
      Wireline broadband subscribers                     Million    145.79            153.13          158.53        3.5%
      e-Surfing HD subscribers                           Million    105.35            112.62          115.92        2.9%
      IoT connected devices                              Million    106.93            157.41          237.60       50.9%
      Access lines in service                            Million    116.48            110.85          107.88       –2.7%




           Customers trying out VR application




                                                                        Cloud gaming application attracted
                                                                        customers




030   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                       Business Review




KEY OPERATING PERFORMANCE                                    5G drove development of personal informatisation service;

IN 2020                                                      scale of mobile subscriber base continued to expand
                                                             Adhering to customer-oriented operating principles

In 2020, the Company continued adhering to its               and backed by “5G + e-Surfing Cloud”, the Company

customer-oriented approach, coordinated its efforts          forged competitive advantages with enhanced network

in Epidemic prevention and control with operation and        experience and differentiated services, expedited the

development, seized the opportunity emerging from            upgrade of its 5G applications, optimised its 5G member

the digital transformation of the economy and society        privilege scheme and enhanced personal informatisation

to actively push forward its “Cloudification and Digital     services, which led to solid expansion of its mobile

Transformation” strategy and accelerate its cloud-network    subscriber base. The Company also adhered to proactive

integration. The Company also continued to enhance sci-      marketing strategy and strengthened precision marketing

tech innovation capabilities and deepen corporate reforms.   capabilities empowered by data. By targeting the actual

As a result, the Company made a significant progress in      usage scenarios and needs of customers across different

its high quality development. The Company’s operating        segments, the Company continued to optimise product

revenues grew by 4.7% year-on-year to RMB393.6 billion,      convergence and customer upgrade strategies to

of which service revenues increased by 4.5% year-on-year     expand the scale of its 5G subscriber base. Regarding

to RMB373.8 billion, a growth rate that remains higher       5G application upgrade, the Company hastened the

than the industry average.                                   upgrades to e-Surfing-branded ultra HD, cloud games,
                                                             cloud computers and cloud VR, among other applications.
                                                             The Company also pioneered to launch “e-Surfing One”,
                                                             its proprietary brand of 5G cloud mobile phone, facilitating
                                                             innovative device-application integration. The Company
                                                             improved customer perceptions by enriching its 5G
                                                             member privilege scheme, rolling out exclusive privileges
                                                             regarding network, security and services, and expanding
                                                             portfolio of concessionary privileges with cooperation
                                                             partners for common use cases in daily living, education,
                                                             and health. The Company strengthened terminal operation
                                                             by fully leveraging its sales channels and sales points
                                                             as well as broadening its Orange Instalment Payment
     Thriving 5G business development
                                                             Service, to meet consumers’ demand for upgrading to 5G
                                                             devices and to foster popularity of 5G terminals. In 2020,
                                                             the Company’s mobile subscriber base reached 351
                          Mobile subscribers                 million, representing a net addition of 15.45 million, with
                          net add                            market share gain maintained. The number of 5G package

                          15.45Mil                           subscribers reached 86.50 million, with a penetration
                                                             rate of 24.6%. The scale of its 5G members and featured
                          Market share                       application users expanded rapidly, while total handset

                          gain                               data traffic and mobile service revenue continued to grow.


                          maintained
                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       031
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Business Review




      Mobile Subscribers
      (Millions)                                                            5G Package               Mobile

                                               86.50                                                               351.02
                   2020



                   2019
                            4.61                                                                335.57



      Wireline Broadband Subscribers
      (Millions)                                                                e-Surfing HD              Broadband

                                                       115.92                                            158.53
                   2020


                                                       112.62                                         153.13
                   2019



      Expedited family informatisation services upgrade with         AI functions and interactive experience of its e-Surfing
      overall value of broadband business increased                  Webcams and boosted scale development by use case-
      The value contributed by the Company’s family                  based marketing for “safe villages” campaign, leading
      informatisation business continued to grow as the              to a 505% year-on-year growth of e-Surfing Webcam
      Company focused on meeting the demand for                      subscribers. Furthermore, the Company built whole-home
      digitalisation and intelligentisation from family customers,   intelligent solutions by enriching the portfolio of terminals
      by continuing to enhance the quality of its family             and applications in functional use cases such as home
      connectivity services and upgrading its Smart Family           security surveillance, living space cosiness, education
      product and service ecosystem. With the “Triple Gigabit”       and entertainment. The number of devices connected to
      access service (i.e. 5G + Fibre Broadband + WiFi6),            the Smart Family Platform increased by more than 60%.
      the Company enhanced the customer experience of                In 2020, the number of broadband subscribers for the
      family services by promoting convergence of 5G and             Company reached 159 million with a net addition of 5.40
      family services and accelerating the speed upgrades of         million, while broadband access ARPU recorded positive
      family broadband and WiFi services. By upgrading the           year-on-year growth. Revenues from Smart Family
      specifications of customised Whole-home WiFi terminals         reached RMB11.1 billion, representing a year-on-year
      and launching Gigabit network customisation service,           increase of 37.5%. Smart Family business also propelled
      the number of Whole-home WiFi subscribers increased            a year-on-year increase of 4.2% for broadband blended
      by 117% year-on-year. The Company strengthened the             ARPU to RMB44.4.


                   Promote convergence of 5G and

                               5G+Fibre
                   family services with
                   Broadband+WiFi6
                   "Triple Gigabit"
                   access



032   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                           Business Review




                                                                          Company set up dedicated business groups
                                                                          to serve customers in different sectors.
                                                                          Leveraging on its digitalised platform, the
                                                                          Company continued to enrich fundamental
                                                                          capabilities and aggregate application
                                                                          ecologies to support the digital transformation
                                                                          of different industries. In 2020, revenue arising
                                                                          from the Company’s Industrial Digitalisation
     Management presented at new media forum                              amounted to RMB84.0 billion, representing
                                                                          an increase of 9.7% year-on-year. Revenue
                                                                          from Overall Cloud services continued to grow

Reform and innovation of informatisation services              robustly, reaching RMB13.8 billion. The number of IoT

for government and enterprise customers deepened,              connected devices was nearly 240 million, with revenues

revenue size of Industrial Digitalisation maintained           for IoT increasing by 16.1% year-on-year.

an industry-leading position
Firmly seizing the opportunities emerging from the digital
transformation of the economy and society and leveraging
5G, cloud and other emerging technologies, the Company
accelerated the development of the Industrial Digitalisation
business by constructing digitalised platform, repackaging
fundamental capabilities, and stimulating new demand
for integrated intelligent information services with supply-
side reform. The Company was the first to achieve large-
scale commercialisation of 5G SA, and launched 5G
customised network service with three modes called
“Wide-area”, “Adjacent” and “Wingspan” to meet
                                                                   AR application transformed a shopping mall in
different needs of vertical industry customers for features        Shanghai to an aquarium
such as low latency, massive number of connections,
network security and cloud-edge coordination. The
Company also pushed ahead with its efforts to develop
benchmark projects in industrial Internet, new media,
smart healthcare, transportation and logistics and other
areas, while also gradually exploring use cases such as                                        Scan QR code to
remote control, HD live broadcasting and machine vision.                                       learn more about
Furthermore, the Company stepped up the optimisation of                                        China Telecom’s
its cloud resource structure, expedited problem-tackling                                       5G 2B applications
efforts in the key core technologies of e-Surfing Cloud,
and built secure, reliable, and trustworthy cloud-network
integration products that meet the needs of customers for
different scenarios of cloud usage. In order to strengthen
capabilities for professional services and operations, the



                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       033
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Business Review




                                                             Actively pursuing digital transformation, with
                                                             continual efficiency improvements of operations and
                                                             management
                                                             Fully leveraging the advantages arising from corporate
                                                             informatisation, the Company expedited digital
                                                             transformation, leading to continual improvement of the
                                                             quality and efficiency of operations and management. The
                                                             Company promoted the digital transformation of customer
                                                             operations by building customer operation teams
                                                             comprising relevant talents, strengthening data modelling
                                                             for different sales scenarios, improving data-driven insight
           Propelled live streaming economy development
                                                             capabilities, utilising AI for marketing activities to match
                                                             customer needs with high precision. The coverage of
                                                             targeted marketing was over 85%, while the Company’s
                                                             customer retention and digital and intelligence marketing
                                                             capabilities also significantly enhanced. By pursuing
                                                             the digital transformation of sale channel operation, the
                                                             Company took advantage of online-offline integration,
                                                             accelerated the construction of a marketing service system
                                                             that integrates all channels, covers all use cases and
                                                             engages the cooperation of all ecologies. The Company’s
                                                             volume of online subscriber development increased by 7
                              Coverage of targeted           percentage points year-on-year as it moved businesses
                              marketing
                                                             and services online. The Company also continued to
                              >85%                           transform its physical outlet network to operate with chain
                                                             store-like and experience-oriented approach, providing
                                                             a continuously improving customer service perception
                                                             on scenario-based experience. The Company pressed
                                                             on with the digital transformation of customer services
                                                             by establishing a cloud-based platform for customer
                                                             service staff to provide service at home, promoting remote
                                                             video service counters, and fully utilising intelligent voice
                                                             navigation and online service contact points to assure
                                                             service quality during the Epidemic. Hence, the Company
                                                             enjoyed an industry-leading overall satisfaction.




034   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                         Business Review




Earnestly pushing forward network construction
while further expanding cloud-network integration
capabilities
The Company adhered to the strategic direction of “Cloud
central, Network around, Network adaptive to cloud,
Cloud and network as one”, and spurred the construction
of new infrastructure of cloud-network integration.
Through the pursuit of co-build and co-share, the
Company had over 380 thousand 5G base stations in use.
The Company also led the development and release of
“5G SA Implementation Guidelines”, while taking a global
                                                                   Develop smart manufacturing project
lead in large-scale commercial use of 5G SA networks.              leveraging 5G technology
Guided by market demand, the Company continued
to expand fibre network coverage and deployment of            In 2020, following the outbreak of Epidemic, the Company
Gigabit optical broadband network. The Company also           united as one and adhered to the use of technology to
completed the construction of five major regional ROADM       support Epidemic control, actively mobilising equipment,
backbone networks covering the entire country, alongside      technology and personnel to assure the safe and stable
a new planar network for ChinaNet to further reduce           running of its network and business operations. The
cloud-network latency. The Company optimised overall          Company leveraged the advantages of 5G, cloud-
network layout according to “2+4+31+X+O” principle, and       network integration, AI and other areas to quickly set
accelerated the construction of e-Surfing Cloud and IDC. It   up 5G networks and cloud platforms at Huoshenshan
also commenced the development of MEC and promoted            Hospital, Leishenshan Hospital and other hospitals, and
cloud-edge coordination. The Company continued to push        launched “Operation Warm Spring”, which comprised
ahead with the construction of its next-generation cloud-     of 9 informatisation services such as cloud access for
network operating system and progressively established        SMEs, e-Surfing Cloud conferencing and e-Surfing HD
systems for unified cloud-network production and cloud-       Classroom. The Company also co-developed services
network business assurance.                                   such as the “Big Data Itinerary Card” and “Health QR
                                                              Code” with various collaborators across society to
                                                              support Epidemic prevention and the resumption of work,
                                                              production and schools effectively.


                                   Built 5 major regional
                                   ROADM backbone
                                   network
                                   covering the
                                   entire country



                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     035
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Business Review




      OUTLOOK FOR 2021                                                The Company will speed up digital transformation to
                                                                      continue improving development efficiency and customer

      China embarks on its 14th Five-Year Plan in 2021. With          experience. It will further accelerate digital transformation
                                                                      internally and externally, with particular focus placed on
      vast growth potential brought about by the flourishing
                                                                      digitalisation of key elements, operations and service.
      digital economy, the Company will enter a new stage of
                                                                      Internally, it will promote digital operations on all fronts by
      development and carry out new development principles
                                                                      leveraging digital means to facilitate precision investment
      and build new development models. The Company will
                                                                      and cost controls to improve quality and efficiency as well
      propel thorough execution of “Cloudification and Digital
                                                                      as energy saving and emission reduction. Externally, the
      Transformation” strategy on all fronts, deepen corporate
                                                                      Company will leverage digitalised platform to aggregate
      reforms, strengthen sci-tech innovation, construct high-
                                                                      fundamental capabilities, enhance level of intelligence with
      standard open ecologies, and make all-out efforts to
                                                                      data to empower the digitalisation and intelligentisation of
      promote corporate high-quality development.
                                                                      products, services and industries.

      The Company will continue to insist on a customer-
      oriented approach while proactively exploring the
      informatisation services market. The Company will
      expedite expansion in informatisation market for
      government and enterprises, deepen the overall hierarchy
      reform of vertical industry servicing teams, strengthen
      capabilities of local system integration business teams and
      dedicated specialist teams for different sectors, spur the
      application and promotion of its fundamental capabilities
      and proprietary digital platforms to support the upgrade
      of industries, governance as well as consumption.
      The Company will speed up expansion in the family
      informatisation market, by providing whole-home
      intelligent solutions leveraging cloud-network integration,
      and pushing forward the upgrade of its family business
      towards digitalised and intelligent services covering all
      scenarios. The Company will also extend family services
      to community and public services by interconnecting the                 Inject intelligence
                                                                              powered by data and
      platforms of Smart Family, smart community and smart
      city services. The Company will also speed up expansion
      in the personal informatisation market by building an
      agile, intelligent and closed-loop customer marketing and
                                                                              provide endowment for
      servicing system, and offering a new model of “Platform                 products and services
      + Applications + Ecosystem” for 5G-based personal
                                                                              Overall network capability
      informatisation services on digital lifestyle, with an aim to
                                                                              was utilised
      continuously fulfil customers’ digitalisation demand for a
      better quality of living.
                                                                              >10 billion times
036   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                    Business Review




The Company will insist on co-creating and co-sharing
to pursue win-win outcome and build open and high-
standard cooperative ecologies. It will also nurture a
healthy industry ecology focusing on key areas, by
deepening inter-industry coordination, expanding scope
of co-building and co-sharing, as well as by broadening
cooperation on innovations in emerging areas. The
Company will boost the momentum for high-quality
development by continuously expanding platform-based
cooperation, and leverage core platform to aggregate
ecologies of 5G, family DICT, cloud, IoT, vertical industries
and supply chains, to smooth out the circulation among           Telemedicine became a benchmark
                                                                 project for 5G application
and within key industries.


In 2021, the Company will adhere to new development
principles, step up sci-tech innovations, expedite
the construction of new information infrastructure by
integrated development of 5G, cloud and artificial
intelligence, continue to build digitalised platform based
on cloud-network integration and nurture open ecologies,
with a view to support the intelligentisation upgrade of
various industries and empower the digital transformation
of the entire society. The Company will work with various
parties to enjoy new digital lifestyles, and to capitalise the
new opportunities stemming from the digital economy
together.
                                                                         Promoting
                                                                         sci-tech innovation
                                                                         Mastered

                                                                         20 core technologies
                                                                         including PaaS




                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   037
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
      Financial Review



      SUMMARY

      In 2020, the Company coordinated Epidemic prevention
      and control with operation and development, firmly seized
      the opportunities emerging from the digital transformation
      of the economy and society, comprehensively promoted
      its Cloudification reform as well as digital transformation,
      constructed new infrastructure based on cloud-network
      integration, and continued to promote high-quality                                     Management chaired the work meeting on
                                                                                             auditing and risk control
      development. The service revenues of the Company
      continued to grow, and the growth rate has surpassed
      the industry average for many years. Meanwhile, the                              OPERATING REVENUES
      Company actively supported the development of 5G and
      Industrial Digitalisation service capabilities, continued to                     The Company captured opportunities arising from the
      strengthen precision cost control, effectively improved                          digital transformation of the economy and society,
      resource utilisation effectiveness, and achieved steady                          leveraged the strengths of cloud-network service
      growth in operating results. Operating revenues in 2020                          capabilities, accelerated the development of Industrial
      were RMB393,561 million, representing an increase                                Digitalisation service, strived to promote effective scale
      of 4.7% from year 2019; service revenues were                    1
                                                                                       development, and continued to maintain healthy growth
      RMB373,798 million, representing an increase of 4.5%                             in revenue and optimise the revenue structure. Operating
      from year 2019; operating expenses were RMB364,921                               revenues in 2020 were RMB393,561 million, representing
      million, representing an increase of 5.3% from year 2019;                        an increase of 4.7% from year 2019. Service revenues
      profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was                         were RMB373,798 million, representing an increase of
      RMB20,850 million, representing an increase of 1.6%                              4.5% from year 2019, of which mobile service revenues
      from year 2019; basic earnings per share were RMB0.26;                           were RMB181,687 million, representing an increase of
      EBITDA 2 was RMB118,880 million, representing an                                 3.5% from year 2019, and wireline service revenues were
      increase of 1.4% from year 2019 and the EBITDA margin                     3
                                                                                       RMB192,111 million, representing an increase of 5.5%
      was 31.8%.                                                                       from year 2019.




      1
             Service revenues are calculated based on operating revenues minus sales of mobile terminals (2020: RMB10,711 million; 2019: RMB9,364
             million), sales of wireline equipment (2020: RMB5,430 million; 2019: RMB5,226 million), and other non-service revenues (2020: RMB3,622 million;
             2019: RMB3,534 million).
      2
             EBITDA is calculated based on operating revenues minus operating expenses plus depreciation and amortisation. As the telecommunications
             business is a capital intensive industry, capital expenditure, the level of gearing and finance costs may have a significant impact on the net profit of
             companies with similar operating results. Therefore, we believe EBITDA may be helpful in analysing the operating results of a telecommunications
             service provider such as the Company. Although EBITDA has been widely applied in the global telecommunications industry as a benchmark
             to reflect operating performance, debt raising ability and liquidity, it is not regarded as a measure of operating performance and liquidity under
             generally accepted accounting principles. It also does not represent net cash from operating activities. In addition, our EBITDA may not be
             comparable to similar indicators provided by other companies.
      3
             EBITDA margin is calculated based on EBITDA divided by service revenues.



038   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                                               Financial Review




The following table sets forth a breakdown of the operating revenues for 2019 and 2020, together with their respective
rates of change:


                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                      31 December                                        Rates of
(RMB millions, except percentage data)                                                 2020                      2019                     change
Voice                                                                               40,866                     45,146                      -9.5%
Internet                                                                           208,019                    197,244                       5.5%
Information and application services                                                96,885                     87,623                      10.6%
Telecommunications network resource and
    network equipment services                                                      22,623                     21,978                       2.9%
Others4                                                                             25,168                     23,743                       6.0%
Total operating revenues                                                           393,561                    375,734                       4.7%

4
        Other revenues in 2020 refers to the aggregate amount of sales of goods and others, included in revenues from contracts with customers, and
        revenues from other sources.



Voice                                                                      rapid growth, and handset Internet access revenue
In 2020, having been continuously affected by the                          was RMB130,655 million, representing an increase of
cannibalisation of mobile Internet services such as OTT,                   6.0% from year 2019. The Company comprehensively
revenue from voice services was RMB40,866 million,                         promoted the upgrade of family informatisation services,
representing a decrease of 9.5% from year 2019 and                         and the value of broadband access business was
accounting for 10.4% of operating revenues. The revenue                    reshaped. Wireline broadband revenue ceased to decline
structure was continuously optimised.                                      and rebounded. Wireline broadband revenue for the year
                                                                           was RMB71,872 million, representing an increase of 5.1%
Internet                                                                   from year 2019.
In 2020, revenue from Internet services was RMB208,019
million, representing an increase of 5.5% from year 2019,
accounting for 52.9% of operating revenues. The 5G
consumer service achieved a promising start, enabling
the Company to achieve a valuable scale expansion
in the mobile subscriber market. Mobile ARPU decline
continuously narrowed, data traffic revenue maintained




                                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                 039
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Financial Review




      Information and Application Services                       Others
      In 2020, the Company sped up the integration and           In 2020, other revenues were RMB25,168 million,
      innovation of emerging technologies. Industrial            representing an increase of 6.0% from year 2019 and
      Digitalisation service was developed at a quicker speed.   accounting for 6.4% of operating revenues. The increase
      Revenue from information and application services was      was mainly due to the increase in the scale of mobile
      RMB96,885 million, representing an increase of 10.6%       terminals sold.
      from year 2019 and accounting for 24.6% of operating
      revenues which benefited from the rapid development        OPERATING EXPENSES
      of emerging businesses such as IDC, Industry Cloud,
      e-Surfing HD and Internet Finance.                         The Company seized the opportunity of 5G scale
                                                                 development, accelerated digital transformation
      Telecommunications Network Resource and                    development, and continued to increase investment
      Equipment Services                                         in government and enterprise business and research
      In 2020, revenue from telecommunications network           and development system. Concurrently, the Company
      resource and equipment services was RMB22,623 million,     internally strengthened the deployment of the digital
      representing an increase of 2.9% from year 2019 and        platform, took various measures to continue to strengthen
      accounting for 5.7% of operating revenues. The growth      precision cost control, further carried out multi-dimensional
      was mainly due to favourable growth in revenues from       subdivision, and effectively improved the effectiveness of
      cloud dedicated lines and IP-VPN service.                  resource utilisation. In 2020, operating expenses were
                                                                 RMB364,921 million, representing an increase of 5.3%
                                                                 from year 2019. Operating expenses accounted for 92.7%
                                                                 of operating revenues, representing an increase of 0.4
                                                                 percentage point from year 2019.


      The following table sets forth a breakdown of the operating expenses in 2019 and 2020 and their respective rates of
      change:


                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                        31 December                                Rates of
      (RMB millions, except percentage data)                              2020                  2019                change
      Depreciation and amortisation                                   90,240                  88,145                  2.4%
      Network operations and support                                 119,517                109,799                   8.9%
      Selling, general and administrative                             55,059                  57,361                  -4.0%
      Personnel expenses                                              65,989                  63,567                  3.8%
      Other operating expenses                                        29,074                  27,792                  4.6%
      Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                  5,042                       –        Not Applicable
      Total operating expenses                                       364,921                346,664                   5.3%




040   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                        Financial Review




Depreciation and Amortisation                                  Personnel Expenses
In 2020, depreciation and amortisation amounted to             In 2020, personnel expenses amounted to RMB65,989
RMB90,240 million, representing an increase of 2.4%            million, representing an increase of 3.8% from year 2019
from year 2019 and accounting for 22.9% of operating           and accounting for 16.8% of operating revenues. The
revenues. The main reason for the increase was that            increase was mainly due to the Company’s continued
the Company increased its capital expenditure in order         introduction of high-tech talents and increased incentives
to support the scale construction of 5G network and            for front-line employees and high performance team,
constantly strengthen its competitive advantages in            so as to enhance employees’ vitality. Investments in
network.                                                       personnel expenses are in line with the transformation
                                                               of the Company towards a sci-tech company in the
Network Operations and Support                                 future. Details of the number of employees, remuneration
In 2020, network operations and support expenses               policies and training programs have been included in
amounted to RMB119,517 million, representing an                the Environmental, Social and Governance report in this
increase of 8.9% from year 2019 and accounting for             annual report.
30.4% of operating revenues. The main reason for the
increase was because the Company’s continuously                Other Operating Expenses
optimisation in network quality while improving user           In 2020, other operating expenses amounted to
perception, actively supporting the development of 5G          RMB29,074 million, representing an increase of 4.6%
and Industrial Digitalisation service, and appropriately       from year 2019 and accounting for 7.4% of operating
increasing the deployment in network operation                 revenues. The increase was mainly due to the increase in
expenditures.                                                  the scale of mobile terminals sold.


Selling, General and Administrative                            Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment
In 2020, selling, general and administrative expenses          Following the network evolution and the full coverage of
amounted to RMB55,059 million, representing a                  4G and 5G scale deployment, the data traffic carried by
decrease of 4.0% from year 2019 and accounting for             the Company’s 3G network is rapidly shrinking and the
14.0% of operating revenues. Selling expenses were             cash flow from the continual use of 3G specific network
RMB45,447 million, representing a decrease of 6.2%             assets is expected to be so small and even become
from year 2019, which was mainly due to the Company            negligible. In accordance with the relevant requirements
seizing the development opportunities of Internet online       of International Financial Reporting Standard, the Group
business, accelerating the transformation of sales model       conducted an impairment test on the assets such as 3G
and the online and offline synergistic development, as         specific network assets and recognised an impairment
well as enhancing its big data online precision marketing      loss of RMB5,042 million at the end of 2020.
capabilities and continuously improving the input efficiency
of marketing resources. General and administrative
expenses amounted to RMB9,612 million, representing                                          Selling expenses

                                                                                                 6.2%
an increase of 8.1% from year 2019, which was mainly
because of the Company’s active promotion of sci-
tech innovation, accelerated transformation to a sci-tech
company and increase in the investment in research and
development.

                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     041
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Financial Review




      Net Finance Costs                                          Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company
      Seizing favourable market opportunities, the Company       The Company closely followed the digital transformation
      implemented low-cost financing and reduced financing       progress of the economy and society, deepened reform
      costs, continued to improve the capability of funds        and innovation, and strived to improve quality and increase
      management, carried out sophisticated management           efficiency. In 2020, profit attributable to equity holders of
      on financing, and competently controlled the scale of      the Company was RMB20,850 million, representing an
      indebtedness. In 2020, net finance costs amounted to       increase of 1.6% from 2019.
      RMB3,014 million, representing a decrease of 17.2%
      from year 2019. Net exchange loss amounted to RMB163       CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND CASH
      million in year 2020 which was mainly due to change in     FLOWS
      the exchange rate of RMB against USD.
                                                                 Capital Expenditure
      PROFITABILITY LEVEL                                        In 2020, the Company continually promoted
                                                                 the 5G network co-building and co-sharing,
      Income Tax                                                 sped up investment in 5G network construction, and
      The Company’s statutory income tax rate is 25%. In         continuously improved 5G network coverage. Meanwhile,
      2020, income tax expenses were RMB6,307 million while      the Company accelerated the construction of e-Surfing
      the effective income tax rate was 23.0%. The difference    Cloud and IDC. In 2020, capital expenditure was
      between the effective income tax rate and the statutory    RMB84,800 million, representing an increase of 9.3%
      income tax rate was mainly due to the low tax rates        from year 2019.
      enjoyed by some subsidiaries and some branches located
      in the western region of China and the preferential tax    Cash Flows
      policies enjoyed by the Company such as additional tax     The net increase in cash and cash equivalents for year
      deduction on expenses for research and development         2020 was RMB3,076 million and the net increase in
      proactively implemented by the Company. Meanwhile,         cash and cash equivalents for year 2019 was RMB4,098
      income from investment in the associate company, China     million.
      Tower Corporation Limited (“China Tower”), was not
      subject to tax during the period of the investment held.




                          Net finance costs

                               17.2%




042   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                         Financial Review




The following table sets forth the cash flow position in 2020 and 2019:


                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                            31 December
(RMB millions)                                                                               2020                  2019
Net cash flow from operating activities                                                  132,260               112,600
Net cash flow used in investing activities                                                (87,077)              (77,214)
Net cash flow used in financing activities                                                (42,107)              (31,288)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   3,076                 4,098


In 2020, the net cash inflow from operating activities was     Working Capital
RMB132,260 million, representing an increase of 17.5%          The Company consistently upheld stable and prudent
from year 2019. This was mainly because the Company            financial principles and stringent fund management
strengthened the management of accounts receivable and         policies. At the end of 2020, the working capital (total
more subscribers applied the pre-paid method, so as to         current assets minus total current liabilities) deficit was
increase the net cash inflow from operating activities.        RMB187,126 million, representing a decrease in deficit
                                                               of RMB4,353 million from year 2019. The liquidity of the
In 2020, the net cash outflow used in investing activities     Company continuously improved. As at 31 December
was RMB87,077 million, representing an increase of             2020, the unutilised credit facilities were RMB244,326
12.8% from year 2019. The increase was mainly because          million (2019: RMB245,847 million). Given the stable net
of the increase in capital expenditure on supporting the       cash inflow from operating activities and sound credit
development of 5G and Industrial Digitalisation service.       record, the Company has sufficient working capital to
                                                               satisfy operational needs. At the end of 2020, cash
In 2020, the net cash outflow in financing activities was      and cash equivalents amounted to RMB23,684 million,
RMB42,107 million, representing an increase of 34.6%           among which cash and cash equivalents denominated in
from year 2019. The main reason was that the Company           Renminbi accounted for 73.0% (2019: 78.0%).
controlled the scale of indebtedness within a reasonable
level, resulting in decline in the cash inflow from loans.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     043
      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      Financial Review




      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

      In 2020, the Company continued to maintain a solid financial position. At the end of 2020, the total assets increased
      by 1.7% from RMB703,131 million at the end of 2019 to RMB715,096 million. Total indebtedness5 decreased to
      RMB53,342 million from RMB79,022 million at the end of 2019. Gearing ratio6 decreased to 12.8% from 18.3% at the
      end of 2019.


      Indebtedness
      The indebtedness analysis as at the end of 2020 and 2019 is as follows:


                                                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                                                              31 December
      (RMB millions)                                                                                                           2020                          2019
      Short-term debt                                                                                                        27,994                       42,527
      Long-term debt maturing within one year                                                                                 1,126                         4,444
      Long-term debt                                                                                                         24,222                       32,051
      Total indebtedness                                                                                                     53,342                       79,022


      As of the end of 2020, the total indebtedness was                                As at 31 December 2020, neither the Company nor any of
      RMB53,342 million, representing a decrease of                                    its subsidiaries pledged any assets as collateral for debt
      RMB25,680 million from the end of 2019, which                                    (2019: Nil).
      was mainly due to the continuous enhancement of
      funds management, improving the centralised funds                                Most of the revenues received and expenses paid in the
      management and appropriately controlling the scale                               course of our business were denominated in Renminbi,
      of indebtedness. Of the total indebtedness, loans                                therefore there were no significant risk exposures arising
      denominated in Renminbi, US Dollars and Euro accounted                           from foreign exchange fluctuations.
      for 99.3% (2019: 99.4%), 0.4% (2019: 0.4%) and 0.3%
      (2019: 0.2%), respectively. 90.1% (2019: 82.9%) of the
      indebtedness are loans with fixed interest rates while the
      remaining portion of the indebtedness represented loans
      with floating interest rates.
                                                                                                                          Gearing ratio

                                                                                                                                5.5 p.p.

      5
             Total indebtedness refers to interest-bearing debts excluding lease liabilities.
      6
             Gearing ratio is calculated based on total indebtedness divided by total capital, while total capital is calculated based on total equity attributable to
             equity holders of the Company plus total indebtedness.



044   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                                                                                                                Financial Review




Significant Investment
As at 31 December 2020, the Company’s external investments included interests in associates and equity instruments
at fair value through other comprehensive income, with carrying amounts of RMB40,303 million and RMB1,073 million,
respectively. The Company’s investment in China Tower, an associate of the Company, constituted its significant
investment. Details of such investment are set out below:

                                                                                                                           As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                                                            Size of fair
                                    Principal                            Place of          Investment        Number of Percentage of           Carrying                  value relative
Company name        Stock code      businesses                           incorporation            cost      shares held shares held             amount       Fair value to total assets
                                                                                         (RMB millions)                                    (RMB millions) (RMB millions) of the Group
China Tower         0788.HK         Include the tower business and indoor China                 36,087 36,087,147,592        20.50%               37,463           34,625          4.8%
                                    Distributed Antenna System (DAS)
                                    business for telecommunications
                                    industry, and the Trans-sector Site
                                    Application and Information (TSSAI)
                                    business and energy operation business
                                    for customers from various industries
                                    across wider society


As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in China Tower, an associate of the Company,
was RMB37,463 million, accounting for 5.2% of the Group’s total assets. In 2020, share of unrealised profits of China
Tower recognised by the Company amounted to RMB1,466 million, and dividends received amounted to RMB525
million. In the future, the Company can enjoy more fundamental network resources through China Tower. As one of the
shareholders of China Tower, it is expected that the Company can benefit from the long-term enhancement of profits
and values from China Tower.


Contractual Obligations
Contractual obligations as at 31 December 2020 are as follows:


                                                                                                      Within            Between                   Between
(RMB millions)                                                                       Total                1 year 1 to 2 years 2 to 5 years                             Thereafter
Short-term debt                                                                    28,417             28,417                           –                       –                      –
Long-term debt                                                                     27,805                 1,410             17,838                         5,609              2,948
Lease liabilities                                                                  43,896             14,449                13,363                    12,110                  3,974
Capital commitments                                                                20,199             20,199                           –                       –                      –
Total contractual obligations                                                     120,317             64,475                31,201                    17,719                  6,922


Note:         Amounts of short-term debt, long-term debt and lease liabilities include recognised and unrecognised interest payable, and are not discounted.




                                                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                                  045
                  9
                       1
                         0
                       00
                       1
                       01
                       10



                   0
                         1



              2     8
                         00
                           0




                  3
                         1
                           1




              0
Data-driven
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of China Telecom         DIVIDEND POLICY
      Corporation Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents
      its report together with the audited consolidated             The Company attaches great importance to the
      financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries      investment returns of shareholders, strives to maintain the
      (collectively, the “Group”) prepared in accordance with the   continuity and stability of the dividend policy taking into
      International Financial Reporting Standards for the year      the consideration the long-term interest and sustainable
      ended 31 December 2020.                                       development of the Company. The following factors will
                                                                    be considered by the Company when formulating the
      PRINCIPAL BUSINESS                                            dividend distribution plan:

      The principal business of the Company and the Group is the    1.     the operating results and cash flow level of the
      provision of fundamental telecommunications businesses               Company;
      including comprehensive wireline telecommunications
      services, mobile telecommunications services, value-          2.     the Company’s future business development
      added telecommunications businesses such as Internet                 position and the capital expenditure requirements;
      access services, information services and other related
      services within the service area of the Group.                3.     capital needs and gearing ratio;

      RESULTS                                                       4.     the expectation from shareholders and investors;
                                                                           and
      Results of the Group for the year ended 31 December
      2020 and the financial position of the Group as at that       5.     other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
      date are set out in the audited consolidated financial
      statements on pages 164 to 244 of this annual report.         The Board is responsible for formulating the dividend
                                                                    distribution plan and will execute the relevant approval
                                                                    procedures in accordance with relevant laws, rules,
                                                                    regulations and articles of association of the Company
                                                                    (the “Articles of Association”) before proceeding with
                                                                    the distribution. In the future, the Company will strive for
                                                                    improvement on profitability and at the same time continue
                                                                    to deliver favourable dividend return for the shareholders.




048   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIVIDEND                                                     According to regulations by the State Taxation
                                                             Administration (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) and

The Board proposes a final dividend in the amount            relevant laws and regulations, if the individual H share

equivalent to HK$0.125 per share (pre-tax), totalling        shareholders who are Hong Kong or Macau residents and

approximately RMB8,403 million for the year ended            those whose country of domicile is a country which has

31 December 2020. The dividend proposal will be              entered into a tax treaty with PRC stipulating a dividend

submitted for consideration at the annual general meeting    tax rate of 10%, the Company will finally withhold and

to be held on Friday, 7 May 2021(the “2020 Annual            pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf

General Meeting”). Dividends will be denominated and         of the individual H share shareholders. If the individual H

declared in Renminbi.                                        share shareholders whose country of domicile is a country
                                                             which has entered into a tax treaty with PRC stipulating

Dividends for holders of domestic shares and the investors   a dividend tax rate of less than 10%, the Company will

of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock            finally withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate

Exchange (including enterprises and individuals) investing   of 10% on behalf of the individual H share shareholders.

in the H shares of the Company listed on the Hong            If the individual H share shareholders whose country of

Kong Stock Exchange (the “Southbound Trading Link”)          domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty

(the “Southbound Investors”) will be paid in Renminbi,       with PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate of more than 10%

whereas dividends for H share shareholders other than        but less than 20%, the Company will withhold and pay

Southbound Investors will be paid in Hong Kong dollars.      individual income tax at the actual tax rate stipulated in the

The relevant exchange rate will be the average median        relevant tax treaty. If the individual H share shareholders

rate of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as announced by        whose country of domicile is a country which has entered

the People’s Bank of China for the week prior to the date    into a tax treaty with PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate

of declaration of dividends at the 2020 Annual General       of 20%, or a country which has not entered into any tax

Meeting. The proposed final dividends are expected to be     treaties with PRC, or under any other circumstances,

paid on Tuesday, 1 June 2021 upon approval at the 2020       the Company will withhold and pay individual income

Annual General Meeting.                                      tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of the individual H share
                                                             shareholders. If those shareholders need to request

Pursuant to the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the            a refund of tax overpaid from the PRC tax authorities

People’s Republic of China”, the “Implementation Rules       through the Company in accordance with the relevant

of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s             requirements of the Announcement [2019] No. 35 of the

Republic of China” in 2008 and Guo Shui Han [2008]           State Taxation Administration, they shall submit reports

No. 897, the Company shall be obliged to withhold and        and information as stipulated in the Announcement [2019]

pay 10% enterprise income tax when it distributes the        No. 35 of the State Taxation Administration, and provide

proposed 2020 final dividends to non-resident enterprise     supplemental information on their entitlements under the

shareholders of overseas H shares (including HKSCC           relevant treaties.

Nominees Limited, other corporate nominees or trustees,
and other entities or organisations) whose names appear
on the Company’s H share register of members on
Tuesday, 18 May 2021.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        049
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      The Company will determine the country of domicile of the       Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2014]
      individual H share shareholders based on the registered         No. 81)” and “Notice on Taxation Policies for Shenzhen-
      address as recorded in the H share register of members of       Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programme (Cai Shui
      the Company on Tuesday, 18 May 2021 (the “Registered            [2016] No. 127)”, the Company shall withhold and pay
      Address”). If the country of domicile of an individual H        individual income tax at the rate of 20% with respect to
      share shareholder is not the same as the Registered             dividends received by the Mainland individual investors
      Address or if the individual H share shareholder would like     for investing in the H shares of the Company listed on the
      to apply for a refund of the additional amount of tax finally   Hong Kong Stock Exchange through the Southbound
      withheld and paid, the individual H share shareholder shall     Trading Link. In respect of the dividends received by
      notify and provide relevant supporting documents to the         Mainland securities investment funds investing in the
      Company on or before Wednesday, 12 May 2021. Upon               H shares of the Company listed on Hong Kong Stock
      examination of the supporting documents by the relevant         Exchange through the Southbound Trading Link, the
      tax authorities, the Company will follow the guidance given     tax levied shall be ascertained by reference to the rules
      by the tax authorities to implement relevant tax withholding    applicable to individual investors. The Company is not
      and payment provisions and arrangements. Individual             required to withhold and pay income tax on dividends
      H share shareholders may either personally attend or            derived by the Mainland enterprise investors under the
      appoint a representative to attend to the procedures in         Southbound Trading Link, and such enterprises shall
      accordance with the requirements under the tax treaties         report the income and make tax payment by themselves.
      notice if they do not provide the relevant supporting           The record date for entitlement to the shareholders’ rights
      documents to the Company within the time period stated          and the relevant arrangements of dividend distribution for
      above.                                                          the Southbound Investors are the same as those for the
                                                                      Company’s H share shareholders.
      For Southbound Investors (including enterprises and
      individuals), the Shanghai branch of China Securities           The Company assumes no responsibility and disclaims
      Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and the             all liabilities whatsoever in relation to the tax status or
      Shenzhen branch of China Securities Depository and              tax treatment of the individual H share shareholders and
      Clearing Corporation Limited, as the nominees of the            for any claims arising from any delay in or inaccurate
      investors of the Southbound Trading Link, will receive          determination of the tax status or tax treatment of the
      all dividends distributed by the Company and will               individual H share shareholders or any disputes relating
      distribute the dividends to the relevant investors under        to the tax withholding and payment mechanism or
      the Southbound Trading Link through its depositary and          arrangements.
      clearing system. According to the relevant provisions
      under the “Notice on Taxation Policies for Shanghai-Hong




050   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

The following table sets out certain information of the Directors and senior management of the Company as at the date
of this report:


Name                             Age          Position in the Company                                   Date of Appointment
Ke Ruiwen                        57           Executive Director, Chairman and                          30 May 2012*
                                                   Chief Executive Officer
Li Zhengmao                      58           Executive Director, President and                         26 May 2020*
                                                   Chief Operating Officer
Shao Guanglu                     57           Executive Director                                        26 May 2020*
Zhang Zhiyong                    55           Executive Vice President                                  10 July 2018**
Liu Guiqing                      54           Executive Director and Executive Vice President           19 August 2019*
Zhu Min                          56           Executive Director, Executive Vice President,             26 October 2018*
                                                   Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Board
Chen Shengguang                  57           Non-Executive Director                                    23 May 2017*
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius            73           Independent Non-Executive Director                        9 September 2005*
Xu Erming                        71           Independent Non-Executive Director                        9 September 2005*
Wang Hsuehming                   71           Independent Non-Executive Director                        29 May 2014*
Yeung Chi Wai, Jason             66           Independent Non-Executive Director                        26 October 2018*


*       Date of appointment as Director
**      Date of appointment as Senior Management




                                                                             China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   051
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      References are made to the announcements in relation        were re-elected as Directors of the seventh session of the
      to the changes of Directors and senior management           Board at the 2019 Annual General Meeting; Mr. Tse Hau
      published by the Company on the following dates: On         Yin, Aloysius, Mr. Xu Erming, Madam Wang Hsuehming
      17 January 2020, Mr. Gao Tongqing resigned from             and Mr. Yeung Chi Wai, Jason (all as Independent Non-
      his positions as an Executive Director and Executive        Executive Directors) were re-elected as Independent
      Vice President of the Company due to change in work         Directors of the seventh session of the Board at the 2019
      arrangement. On 23 March 2020, Mr. Li Zhengmao was          Annual General Meeting. Meanwhile, Mr. Li Zhengmao
      appointed as the President and Chief Operating Officer of   and Mr. Shao Guanglu were elected as Directors of the
      the Company and on the same date, Mr. Ke Ruiwen, an         seventh session of the Board at the 2019 Annual General
      Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    Meeting. The appointment of the seventh session of the
      of the Company ceased to act as the President and Chief     members of the Board lasts for a term of three years
      Operating Officer of the Company. On 26 May 2020, the       from 26 May 2020 until the annual general meeting of
      term of office of the sixth session of the members of the   the Company for the year 2022 to be held in year 2023.
      Board of the Company expired on the date of the 2019        On 4 December 2020, Mr. Wang Guoquan resigned
      Annual General Meeting of the Company (the “2019            from his positions as an Executive Director and Executive
      Annual General Meeting”). The members of the sixth          Vice President of the Company due to change in work
      session of the Board of the Company, namely, Mr. Ke         arrangement. On 19 January 2021, Mr. Chen Zhongyue
      Ruiwen, Mr. Chen Zhongyue, Mr. Liu Guiqing, Madam Zhu       resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and
      Min, Mr. Wang Guoquan (all as Executive Directors) and      Executive Vice President of the Company due to change
      Mr. Chen Shengguang (as the Non-Executive Director)         in work arrangement.




052   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SUPERVISORS OF THE COMPANY

The following table sets out certain information of the Supervisors of the Company as at the date of this report:


Name                          Age        Position in the Company                                 Date of Appointment
Sui Yixun                     57         Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and               27 May 2015
                                           Shareholder Representative Supervisor
Zhang Jianbin                 55         Employee Representative Supervisor                      16 October 2012
Dai Bin                       52         Employee Representative Supervisor                      26 May 2020
Xu Shiguang                   41         Shareholder Representative Supervisor                   26 October 2018
You Minqiang                  47         Shareholder Representative Supervisor                   26 May 2020


The term of office of the sixth session of the members of the Supervisory Committee of the Company expired on the
date of the 2019 Annual General Meeting. Due to their age, Mr. Yang Jianqing, an Employee Representative Supervisor,
and Mr. Ye Zhong, a Shareholder Representative Supervisor, of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee retired
from their positions as Supervisors of the Company upon the expiry of their term of office on the date of the 2019 Annual
General Meeting. Mr. Sui Yixun and Mr. Xu Shiguang, the Shareholder Representative Supervisors of the sixth session
of the Supervisory Committee, were re-elected as the Shareholder Representative Supervisors of the seventh session
of the Supervisory Committee at the 2019 Annual General Meeting. Mr. You Minqiang was elected as a Shareholder
Representative Supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee at the 2019 Annual General Meeting.
Meanwhile, Mr. Zhang Jianbin and Mr. Dai Bin have been elected by the employees of the Company democratically as
the Employee Representative Supervisors of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee. The appointment of the
seventh session of the members of the Supervisory Committee lasts for a term of three years from 26 May 2020 until the
annual general meeting of the Company for the year 2022 to be held in year 2023.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    053
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      SHARE CAPITAL

      The share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2020 was RMB80,932,368,321, divided into 80,932,368,321
      shares of RMB1.00 each. As at 31 December 2020, the share capital of the Company comprised:


                                                                                                       Percentage (%)
                                                                                                          of the total
                                                                                                    number of shares
                                                                     Number of shares as at             in issue as at
      Class of Shares                                                     31 December 2020          31 December 2020
      Total number of Domestic shares
                                                                              67,054,958,321                    82.85
        (held by the companies as follows):
        China Telecommunications Corporation                                  57,377,053,317                    70.89
        Guangdong Rising Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                              5,614,082,653                     6.94
        Zhejiang Provincial Financial Development Co., Ltd.                    2,137,473,626                     2.64
        Fujian Investment & Development Group Co., Ltd                           969,317,182                     1.20
        Jiangsu Guoxin Group Limited                                             957,031,543                     1.18
      Total number of H shares (including ADSs)                               13,877,410,000                    17.15
      Total                                                                   80,932,368,321                   100.00




054   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MATERIAL INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2020, the interests or short position of persons who are entitled to exercise or control the exercise
of 5% or more of the voting power at the shareholders’ class meetings of the Company (excluding the Directors and
Supervisors) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be maintained
under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) are as follows:


                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                      Approximate     percentage of
                                                                     percentage of         the total
                                                                    the respective       number of
                                   Number of                        class of shares         shares
Name of shareholders                   shares     Class of shares          in issue        in issue    Capacity
China Telecommunications      57,377,053,317      Domestic shares          85.57%           70.89%     Beneficial owner
  Corporation                  (Long Position)
Guangdong Rising Holdings      5,614,082,653      Domestic shares            8.37%           6.94%     Beneficial owner
  Group Co., Ltd.              (Long Position)
GIC Private Limited            1,394,433,475      H shares                 10.05%            1.72%     Investment manager
                               (Long Position)
BlackRock, Inc.                  976,141,887      H shares                   7.03%           1.20%     Interest of controlled corporation
                               (Long Position)
                                      178,000     H shares                   0.00%           0.00%     Interest of controlled corporation
                               (Short Position)
The Bank of New York Mellon      955,258,598      H shares                   6.88%           1.18%     Interest of controlled corporation
  Corporation                  (Long Position)
                                 499,924,300      H shares                   3.60%           0.61%     Interest of controlled corporation
                               (Short Position)
                                 434,849,906      H shares                   3.13%           0.53%     Interest of controlled corporation
                              (Shares available
                                   for lending)


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, in the register required to be maintained under Section 336 of the
SFO, no other persons were recorded to hold any interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the
Company.




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                  055
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’                                  SERVICE CONTRACTS
      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
      IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES                                 None of the Directors or Supervisors of the Company has
      AND DEBENTURES                                               entered into any service contract which is not determinable
                                                                   by the Company within one year without payment of
      As at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors and            compensation (other than statutory compensation).
      Supervisors of the Company had any interests or short
      positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures     EMOLUMENTS OF THE DIRECTORS
      of the Company or its associated corporations (as            AND SUPERVISORS
      defined in Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register
      required to be maintained under Section 352 of the SFO       Please refer to note 35 of the audited consolidated
      or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong         financial statements for details of the emoluments of all
      Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for           Directors and Supervisors of the Company in 2020.
      Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
      set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules.                 EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENT
                                                                   POLICY
      During the year 2020, the Company has not granted its
      Directors or Supervisors, or their respective spouses or     The details of the Group’s remuneration policy are set
      any of their respective minor child (natural or adopted)     out in the Human Resources Development Report in this
      or on their behalf any rights to subscribe for the shares    annual report (pages 112 to 119 of this annual report).
      or debentures of the Company or any of its associated        The details of share appreciation rights are set out in note
      corporations and none of them has ever exercised any         47 of the audited consolidated financial statements.
      such right to subscribe for the shares or debentures.
                                                                   PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION
      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’                                  OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
      INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,                                   COMPANY
      ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
                                                                   In 2020, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
      Save for the service agreements entered into between the     has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
      Company and the Directors and Supervisors, for the year      listed securities.
      ended 31 December 2020, the Directors and Supervisors
      of the Company or their connected entities did not have
      any material interest, whether directly or indirectly, in
      any transactions, arrangements or contracts which was
      significant to the Company’s business and which was
      entered into by the Company, its parent company or any
      of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries.




056   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




ISSUE OF DEBENTURES                                           SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL
                                                              INFORMATION
In 2020, the Company successfully issued (i) one tranche
of company bonds to qualified investors with an aggregate     Please refer to pages 245 to 246 of this annual report for
principal amount of RMB2,000 million with a term of three     a summary of the operating results, assets and liabilities
years at an annual interest rate of 2.9% on the Shanghai      of the Group for each of the years in the five-year period
Stock Exchange on 10 March 2020; and (ii) 19 tranches         ended 31 December 2020.
of super short-term commercial papers with an aggregate
principal amount of RMB60.5 billion. The proceeds             BANK LOANS AND OTHER
were used to repay debt financing instruments due and         BORROWINGS
replenish the Company’s working capital in the course of
business operations. Please refer to note 20 of the audited   Please refer to note 20 of the audited consolidated
consolidated financial statements for details.                financial statements for details of bank loans and other
                                                              borrowings of the Group.
MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND
DISPOSALS                                                     CHARGE ON ASSETS

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company had          As at 31 December 2020, no fixed assets was pledged to
no material acquisitions and disposals.                       banks as loan security (31 December 2019: Nil).


PUBLIC FLOAT                                                  CAPITALISED INTEREST

As at the date of this report, based on the information       Please refer to note 33 of the audited consolidated
that is publicly available to the Company and within the      financial statements for details of the Group’s capitalised
knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained        interest for the year ended 31 December 2020.
the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules and as
agreed with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.                     FIXED ASSETS

                                                              Please refer to note 4 of the audited consolidated financial
                                                              statements for movements in the fixed assets of the
                                                              Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       057
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      RESERVES                                                            SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED
                                                                          COMPANIES
      Pursuant to Article 149 of the Articles of Association,
      where the financial statements prepared in accordance               Please refer to note 9 and note 10 of the audited
      with the China Accounting Standards for Business                    consolidated financial statements for details of the
      Enterprises and regulations materially differ from those            Company’s subsidiaries and the Group’s interests in
      prepared in accordance with either the International                associated companies as at 31 December 2020.
      Financial Reporting Standards or accounting standards
      at a place outside the PRC where the Company’s shares               PERMITTED INDEMNITY
      are listed, the distributable profit for the relevant fiscal year
      shall be deemed to be the lesser of the amounts shown               For the year ended 31 December 2020 and as at the date
      in those respective financial statements. Distributable             of approval of this report, the Company has arranged
      reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2020,                     appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal actions
      calculated on the above basis and before deducting                  against the directors of the Group.
      the proposed final dividends for 2020, amounted to
      RMB145,351 million.                                                 CHANGES IN EQUITY

      Please refer to note 27 of the audited consolidated                 Please refer to the consolidated statement of changes in
      financial statements for details of the movements in the            equity as contained in the audited consolidated financial
      reserves of the Company and the Group for the year                  statements of the year (page 168 of this annual report).
      ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                          RETIREMENT BENEFITS
      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
                                                                          Please refer to note 46 of the audited consolidated
      The Company did not enter into any equity-linked                    financial statements for details of the retirement benefits
      agreement, nor did any equity-linked agreement exist                provided by the Group.
      during the year ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                          PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
      DONATIONS
                                                                          There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights in the
      For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group made                 Articles of Association requiring the Company to offer new
      charitable and other donations with a total amount of               shares to the existing shareholders in proportion to their
      RMB13 million.                                                      shareholdings.




058   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND                                             instructed by the State-owned Assets Supervision

SUPPLIERS                                                       and Administration Commission of the State Council
                                                                of China (“SASAC”)) (the “Proposal”). According to the

For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue                    Proposal, the Company proposed to grant a maximum

generated from the five largest customers of the Group          of approximately 2,412 million share appreciation rights

accounted for an amount of less than 30% of the total           to a maximum of approximately 8,300 Key Personnel

operating revenues of the Group.                                (excluding the Executive Directors, Non-Executive
                                                                Director, Independent Directors, Supervisors and senior

For the year ended 31 December 2020, purchases from             management of the Company). The Proposal has been

the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for an        submitted to SASAC for approval and was amended as

amount of less than 30% of the total annual purchases of        requested by SASAC. SASAC has approved the Proposal

the Group.                                                      on 3 March 2021.


SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS                                       Please refer to the circular published by the Company on
                                                                4 October 2018 and the announcements published by the

At the extraordinary general meeting held by the                Company on 26 October 2018 and 9 February 2021 and

Company on 26 October 2018, the adoption of the share           subsequently in this regard for further details.

appreciation rights scheme (the “Scheme”) was approved
by the shareholders of the Company who also authorised          Please refer to note 47 of the audited consolidated

the Board to grant share appreciation rights to certain         financial statements for details of the share appreciation

key personnel of the Company (the “Key Personnel”) and          rights scheme of the Company.

to formulate implementation rules for each grant of share
appreciation rights in accordance with the Scheme and           COMPETING BUSINESS
relevant legal requirements.
                                                                None of the Directors of the Company had any interest

The Scheme does not involve the grant of options over           in any business which competes or may compete, either

new shares or other new securities that may be issued by        directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.

the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and therefore, it
does not fall within the ambit of, and is not subject to, the   MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
                                                                During the reporting period, the Company had not entered

On 9 February 2021, the Board has considered and                into any management contracts with respect to the entire

approved the resolution in relation to “2021 Share              or principal business of the Company.

Appreciation Rights Grant Proposal for Key Personnel of
China Telecom Corporation Limited” (now renamed as
“The Phase II Incentive Scheme for Share Appreciation
Rights of China Telecom Corporation Limited” as




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     059
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      The following table sets out the amounts of the Group’s continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31
      December 2020:


                                                                                                                                         Annual monetary
                                                                                                                                       cap for continuing
                                                                                                                                                connected
                                                                                                        Transaction amounts                   transactions
      Transactions                                                                                              (RMB millions)              (RMB millions)
      (1)      CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO BETWEEN THE GROUP AND
               CHINA TELECOMMUNICATIONS1 AND/OR ITS ASSOCIATES (EXCLUDING THE GROUP)
               Net transaction amount of centralised services                                                                268                       1,400
               Net expenses for interconnection settlement                                                                    69                         400
               Mutual leasing of properties                                                                                  977                       1,400
               Provision of IT services by China Telecommunications and/or its associates                                  2,653                       4,000
               Provision of IT services by the Group                                                                         556                       1,600
               Provision of community services by China Telecommunications and/or its associates                           3,682                       4,500
               Provision of supplies procurement services by China Telecommunications and/or its
                                                                                                                           3,567                       6,200
                 associates
               Provision of supplies procurement services by the Group                                                     2,070                       6,800
               Provision of engineering services by China Telecommunications and/or its associates                        15,046                     30,000
               Provision of ancillary telecommunications services by China Telecommunications
                                                                                                                          18,903                     24,000
                 and/or its associates
               Provision of Internet applications channel services by the Group                                               73                       2,500
      (2)      CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO BETWEEN CHINA TELECOM GROUP FINANCE CO., LTD.
               (“CHINA TELECOM FINANCE”) AND THE GROUP, THE PARENT GROUP2 AND THE CCS GROUP3 RESPECTIVELY
               Provision of deposit services by China Telecom Finance to the Group
                                                                                                                          22,530                     55,000
                 (maximum daily balance of deposits, including accrued interest)
               Provision of loan services by China Telecom Finance to the Parent Group
                                                                                                                                –                      1,000
                 (maximum daily loan balance, including accrued interest)
               Provision of loan services by China Telecom Finance to the CCS Group
                                                                                                                                –                      1,000
                 (maximum daily loan balance, including accrued interest)


      Notes:
      1.        China Telecommunications refers to China Telecommunications Corporation, the Company’s controlling shareholder which holds approximately
                70.89% of the issued share capital of the Company.
      2.        The Parent Group refers to China Telecommunications Corporation, its associates and its commonly held entity held with the Group, excluding the
                Group and the CCS Group.
      3.        The CCS Group refers to China Communications Services Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries.




060   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(1)   CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS                   As certain applicable percentage ratios (excluding the
      ENTERED INTO AMONG THE GROUP AND                    profits ratio) of the renewed annual caps for the transactions
      CHINA TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND/OR ITS                 contemplated under the Engineering Framework Agreement
      ASSOCIATES (EXCLUDING THE GROUP)                    and the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework
On 20 August 2018, the Company and China Tele-            Agreement for each of the years ending 31 December 2019,
communications Corporation (“China Telecommunications”)   2020 and 2021 exceeds 5%, such continuing connected
entered into supplemental agreements and renewed          transactions are subject to the reporting, announcement,
the Engineering Framework Agreement, the Ancillary        annual review and independent shareholders’ approval
Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement, the      requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
Interconnection Settlement Agreement, the Community       independent shareholders of the Company considered
Services Framework Agreement, the Centralised Services    and approved the renewal of the Engineering Framework
Agreement, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement,      Agreement and the Ancillary Telecommunications Services
the IT Services Framework Agreement, the Supplies         Framework Agreement and the renewed annual caps
Procurement Services Framework Agreement and the          applicable thereto at the extraordinary general meeting
Internet Applications Channel Services Framework          of the Company held on 26 October 2018. As each of
Agreement for a further term of 3 years expiring on 31    the applicable percentage ratios (excluding the profits
December 2021. China Telecommunications is the            ratio) of the renewed annual caps for the transactions
controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly,      contemplated under other continuing connected
pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, China       transactions agreements for each of the years ending
Telecommunications is a connected person of the           31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021 exceeds 0.1% but is
Company and the transactions contemplated under           less than 5%, such continuing connected transactions are
each of the agreements constitute continuing connected    only subject to the reporting, announcement and annual
transactions of the Company.                              review requirements and are exempt from the independent
                                                          shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of
                                                          the Listing Rules. Details of the respective agreements are
                                                          shown below:




                                                              China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020         061
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      Centralised Services Agreement                                regions, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan originating from
      Pursuant to the centralised services agreement signed         each party divided by the proportion of the aggregate
      between the Company and China Telecommunications              volume of the inbound and outbound voice calls to and
      on 10 September 2002 and the related supplemental             from international regions, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
      agreements subsequently entered into between the              originating from both parties. When the two parties use
      two parties (collectively, the “Centralised Services          international telecommunications facilities provided by
      Agreement”), centralised services include centralised         a third party and accept restoration maintenance costs,
      business management and operational services provided         such fees shall be determined according to the actual
      by the Group to China Telecommunications in relation          utilisation fee each year. The utilisation fee associated with
      to key corporate customers, its network management            the shared use of the international telecommunications
      centre and business support centre. Centralised services      facilities provided by China Telecommunications shall be
      also include the provision of certain premises by China       determined through negotiation between the two parties
      Telecommunications to the Group and the common use            based on market rates. Market rates shall mean the rates
      of international telecommunications facilities by both        at which the same or similar type of products or services
      parties. The aggregate costs incurred by the Group            are provided by independent third parties in the ordinary
      and China Telecommunications for the provision of             course of business and under normal commercial terms.
      management and operation services will be apportioned         When determining whether the transaction price for any
      between the Group and China Telecommunications on             transaction under the agreement represents market rates,
      a pro rata basis according to the revenues generated by       to the extent practicable, management of the Company
      each party. Where the Group uses the premises provided        shall take into account the rates of at least two similar
      by China Telecommunications, the Group will pay               and comparable transactions entered into with or carried
      premises usage fees to China Telecommunications on a          out by independent third parties in the ordinary course of
      pro rata basis according to the apportioned actual area       business in the corresponding period for reference.
      allocated to the Group. The premises usage fees shall be
      determined through negotiation between the two parties        The Company and China Telecommunications have
      based on comparable market rates. When both parties           entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
      use international telecommunications facilities provided      2018 and renewed the Centralised Services Agreement in
      by third parties and accept services by such third parties    accordance with its provisions for a further term of 3 years
      (for example, restoration maintenance costs, the annual       expiring on 31 December 2021. No later than 30 days
      utilisation fee and related service costs) and when both      prior to the expiry of the Centralised Services Agreement,
      parties use the international telecommunications facilities   the Company is entitled to serve a written notice to China
      of China Telecommunications, the associated costs shall       Telecommunications to renew the Centralised Services
      be shared on a pro rata basis according to volume of the      Agreement, and the parties shall consult and decide on
      inbound and outbound voice calls to and from international    matters relating to such renewal.




062   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Interconnection Settlement Agreement                          The Company and China Telecommunications have
Pursuant to the interconnection settlement                    entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
agreement signed between the Company and China                2018 and renewed the Interconnection Settlement
Telecommunications on 10 September 2002 and                   Agreement in accordance with its provisions for a further
the related supplemental agreements subsequently              term of 3 years expiring on 31 December 2021. No later
entered into between the two parties (collectively, the       than 30 days prior to the expiry of the Interconnection
“Interconnection Settlement Agreement”), the telephone        Settlement Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve a
operator connecting a telephone call made to its local        written notice to China Telecommunications to renew the
access network shall be entitled to receive from the          Interconnection Settlement Agreement, and the parties
operator from which the telephone call originated a fee       shall consult and decide on matters relating to such
prescribed by the Ministry of Industry and Information        renewal.
Technology of the PRC (the “Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology”) from time to time.               Property Leasing Framework Agreement
Interconnection charges are currently RMB0.06 per             Pursuant to the property leasing framework
minute for local calls originated from the Group to China     agreement signed between the Company and China
Telecommunications. The interconnection settlement            Telecommunications on 30 August 2006 and the related
charges will be calculated according to the “Notice           supplemental agreement subsequently entered into
Concerning the Issue of the Measures on Interconnection       between the two parties (collectively, the “Property
Settlement between Public Telecommunications Networks         Leasing Framework Agreement”), the Group and China
and Sharing of Relaying Fees (Xin Bu Dian [2003]              Telecommunications and/or its associates can lease
No. 454)” promulgated by the Ministry of Information          properties from the other party for use as business
Industry. The Ministry of Industry and Information            premises, offices, equipment storage facilities and sites
Technology may, from time to time, take into account          for network equipment installation. The rental charges
the relevant regulatory rules and market conditions,          under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement shall
amend or promulgate new rules or regulations in respect       be determined according to comparable market rates.
of interconnection settlement which will be announced         Market rates shall mean the rental charges at which the
on its official website at www.miit.gov.cn. If the Ministry   same or similar type of properties or adjacent properties
of Industry and Information Technology amends the             are leased by independent third parties in the ordinary
existing, or promulgates new rules or regulations in          course of business and on normal commercial terms.
respect of interconnection settlement, the parties shall      When determining the rental charges for any property
apply such amended or new rules and regulations as            under the agreement represents market rates, to the
acknowledged by both parties. The settlement regions          extent practicable, management of the Company shall
include Beijing Municipality, Tianjin Municipality, Hebei     take into account the rental charges of at least two similar
Province, Heilongjiang Province, Jilin Province, Liaoning     and comparable transactions entered into with or carried
Province, Shanxi Province, Henan Province, Shandong           out by independent third parties in the ordinary course of
Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Xizang         business in the corresponding period for reference. The
Autonomous Region.                                            rental charges are subject to review every 3 years.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       063
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      The Company and China Telecommunications have                 transaction under the agreement represents market rates,
      entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August            to the extent practicable, management of the Company
      2018 and renewed the Property Leasing Framework               shall take into account the rates of at least two similar
      Agreement in accordance with its provisions for a further     and comparable transactions entered into with or carried
      term of 3 years expiring on 31 December 2021. No later        out by independent third parties in the ordinary course of
      than 30 days prior to the expiry of the Property Leasing      business in the corresponding period for reference.
      Framework Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve a
      written notice to China Telecommunications to renew the       In the circumstances where the relevant laws or
      Property Leasing Framework Agreement, and the parties         regulations in the PRC specify that the prices and/or
      shall consult and decide on matters relating to such          the fee standards for particular services to be provided
      renewal.                                                      pursuant to such agreement are to be determined by a
                                                                    tender process, the charges payable for such services
      IT Services Framework Agreement                               shall be finally determined in accordance with the
      Pursuant to the IT services framework agreement signed        “Bidding Law of the PRC” and the “Regulations on the
      between the Company and China Telecommunications on           Implementation of the Bidding Law of the PRC” or the
      30 August 2006 and the related supplemental agreements        relevant tender procedures. The Group shall solicit at least
      subsequently entered into between the two parties             three tenderers for the tender process. If the terms offered
      (collectively, the “IT Services Framework Agreement”),        by the Group or China Telecommunications and/or its
      the Group and China Telecommunications and/or its             associates are no less favourable than those offered by
      associates can provide the other party with information       an independent third party provider, the Group or China
      technology services, including office automation              Telecommunications and/or its associates may award the
      and software testing. Each of the Group and China             tender to the other party.
      Telecommunications and/or its associates is entitled to
      participate in bidding for the right to provide information   The Company and China Telecommunications have
      technology services to the other party in accordance          entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
      with the IT Services Framework Agreement. The charges         2018 and renewed the IT Services Framework Agreement
      payable for such services shall be determined by reference    in accordance with its provisions for a further term of 3
      to the market rates. Market rates shall mean the rates at     years expiring on 31 December 2021. No later than 30
      which the same or similar type of products or services        days prior to the expiry of the IT Services Framework
      are provided by independent third parties in the ordinary     Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve a written
      course of business and on normal commercial terms.            notice to China Telecommunications to renew the IT
      When determining whether the transaction price for any        Services Framework Agreement, and the parties shall
                                                                    consult and decide on matters relating to such renewal.




064   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Community Services Framework Agreement                        (2)     where there is no or it is not possible to determine
Pursuant to the community services framework                          the market prices, the prices are to be agreed
agreement signed between the Company and China                        between the parties based on the reasonable costs
Telecommunications on 30 August 2006 and the                          incurred in providing the services plus the amount
related supplemental agreements subsequently                          of the relevant taxes and reasonable profit margin.
entered into between the two parties (collectively, the               For this purpose, “reasonable profit margin” is to
“Community Services Framework Agreement”), China                      be fairly determined by negotiations between the
Telecommunications and/or its associates provide                      parties in accordance with the internal policies
the Group with community services such as culture,                    of the Group. When determining the “reasonable
education, property management, vehicle service,                      profit margin” for any transaction under the
health and medical care, hotel and conference service,                agreement, to the extent practicable, management
community and sanitary service. The community services                of the Company shall take into account the profit
under the Community Services Framework Agreement are                  margin of at least two similar and comparable
provided in accordance with the following pricing terms:              transactions entered into with independent third
                                                                      parties in the corresponding period or the relevant
(1)    market prices, which shall mean the prices at                  industry profit margin for reference.
       which the same or similar type of products or
       services are provided by independent third parties     The Company and China Telecommunications have
       in the ordinary course of business and on normal       entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
       commercial terms. When determining whether             2018 and renewed the Community Services Framework
       the transaction price for any transaction under the    Agreement in accordance with its provisions for a further
       agreement represents market prices, to the extent      term of 3 years expiring on 31 December 2021. No
       practicable, management of the Company shall           later than 30 days prior to the expiry of the Community
       take into account the prices of at least two similar   Services Framework Agreement, the Company is entitled
       and comparable transactions entered into with          to serve a written notice to China Telecommunications to
       or carried out by independent third parties in the     renew the Community Services Framework Agreement,
       ordinary course of business over the corresponding     and the parties shall consult and decide on matters
       period for reference;                                  relating to such renewal.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     065
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      Supplies Procurement Services Framework                      The Company and China Telecommunications have
      Agreement                                                    entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
      Pursuant to the supplies procurement services framework      2018 and renewed the Supplies Procurement Services
      agreement signed between the Company and China               Framework Agreement on the same terms in accordance
      Telecommunications on 30 August 2006 and the related         with its provisions for a further term of 3 years expiring
      supplemental agreements subsequently entered into            on 31 December 2021. No later than 30 days prior to the
      between the two parties (collectively, the “Supplies         expiry of the Supplies Procurement Services Framework
      Procurement Services Framework Agreement”), China            Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve a written
      Telecommunications and/or its associates and the Group       notice to China Telecommunications to renew the
      provide each other with supplies procurement services,       Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement,
      including comprehensive procurement services, the sale of    and the parties shall consult and decide on matters
      proprietary telecommunications equipment, resale of third-   relating to such renewal.
      party equipment, management of tenders, verification
      of technical specifications, storage, transportation and     Engineering Framework Agreement
      installation services.                                       Pursuant to the engineering framework agreement signed
                                                                   between the Company and China Telecommunications on
      Where the procurement services are provided on an            30 August 2006 and the related supplemental agreements
      agency basis, the maximum commission for such                subsequently entered into between the two parties
      procurement services shall be calculated at:                 (collectively, the “Engineering Framework Agreement”),
                                                                   China Telecommunications and/or its associates through
      (1)     not more than 1% of the contract value for           bids provides to the Group services such as construction,
              procurement of imported telecommunications           design, equipment installation and testing and/or
              supplies; or                                         engineering project supervision services. The charges
                                                                   payable for such engineering services shall be determined
      (2)     not more than 3% of the contract value for the       by reference to market rates. Market rates shall mean
              procurement of domestic telecommunications           the rates at which the same or similar type of products or
              supplies and domestic non-telecommunications         services are provided by independent third parties in the
              supplies.                                            ordinary course of business and on normal commercial
                                                                   terms. When determining whether the transaction price
      The pricing basis of the services for the provision of       for any transaction under the agreement represents
      supplies procurement other than on an agency basis           market rates, to the extent practicable, management of
      under the Supplies Procurement Services Framework            the Company shall take into account the rates of at least
      Agreement is the same as those set out in the Community      two similar and comparable transactions entered into
      Services Framework Agreement.                                with or carried out by independent third parties in the
                                                                   ordinary course of business in the corresponding period




066   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




for reference. The charges payable for the design or         Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework
supervision of engineering projects with a value of over     Agreement
RMB1 million or engineering construction projects with       Pursuant to the ancillary telecommunications services
a value of over RMB4 million shall be determined by the      framework agreement signed between the Company and
tender award price, which is determined in accordance        China Telecommunications on 30 August 2006 and the
with the “Bidding Law of the PRC” and the “Regulations       related supplemental agreements subsequently entered
on the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the PRC” or      into between the two parties (collectively, the “Ancillary
the final confirmed price in the relevant tender process.    Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement”),
The Group shall solicit at least three tenderers for the     China Telecommunications and/or its associates provide
tender process. In the circumstances there are amended       the Group with certain repair and maintenance services,
rules or regulations in respect of tender scope and scale    including repair of telecommunications equipment,
of the engineering construction projects promulgated         maintenance of fire equipment and telephone booths,
by PRC laws and regulations during the term of the           as well as other customer services. The pricing terms
agreement, both parties agreed to apply such amended         for such services are the same as those set out in the
rules and regulations and no amendment to the                Community Services Framework Agreement.
supplemental agreement is required.
                                                             The Company and China Telecommunications have
The Group does not accord any priority to China              entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August
Telecommunications and/or its associates to provide          2018 and renewed the Ancillary Telecommunications
such services, and the tender may be awarded to an           Services Framework Agreement in accordance with
independent third party. However, if the terms of an offer   its provisions for a further term of 3 years expiring on
from China Telecommunications and/or its associates          31 December 2021. No later than 30 days prior to the
are at least as favourable as those offered by other         expiry of the Ancillary Telecommunications Services
tenderers, the Group may award the tender to China           Framework Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve
Telecommunications and/or its associates.                    a written notice to China Telecommunications to renew
                                                             the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework
The Company and China Telecommunications have                Agreement, and the parties shall consult and decide on
entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August           matters relating to such renewal.
2018 and renewed the Engineering Framework Agreement
on the same terms (except the pricing terms) for a further
term of 3 years expiring on 31 December 2021. No
later than 30 days prior to the expiry of the Engineering
Framework Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve a
written notice to China Telecommunications to renew the
Engineering Framework Agreement, and the parties shall
consult and decide on matters relating to such renewal.




                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     067
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      Internet Applications Channel Services Framework           (2)    CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      Agreement                                                         ENTERED INTO BETWEEN CHINA
      Pursuant to the Internet applications channel services            TELECOM FINANCE AND THE GROUP, THE
      framework agreement signed between the Company                    PARENT GROUP AND THE CCS GROUP
      and China Telecommunications on 16 December 2013                  RESPECTIVELY
      and the related supplemental agreement subsequently        On 1 February 2019, China Telecom Finance entered
      entered into between the two parties (collectively, the    into the financial services framework agreement with
      “Internet Applications Channel Services Framework          each of the Company, China Telecommunications
      Agreement”), the Company provides Internet applications    (together with its associates and its commonly held entity
      channel services to China Telecommunications and/          held with the Group, excluding the Group and the CCS
      or its associates. The channel services mainly include     Group, the “Parent Group”) and CCS (together with its
      the provision of telecommunications channel and            subsidiaries, “CCS Group”). China Telecommunications,
      applications support platform, provision of billing and    the controlling shareholder of the Company, holds
      deduction services, coordination of sales promotion and    approximately 51.39% of the issued share capital of CCS
      development of customers services, etc. The pricing        and CCS is a subsidiary of China Telecommunications.
      terms for such services are the same as those set out in   Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, China
      the Community Services Framework Agreement.                Telecommunications and CCS and their associates are
                                                                 connected persons of the Company. As the Company
      The Company and China Telecommunications have              holds 70% of the issued share capital of China Telecom
      entered into a supplemental agreement on 20 August         Finance, China Telecom Finance is a subsidiary of the
      2018 and renewed the Internet Applications Channel         Company. Meanwhile, China Telecommunications and
      Services Framework Agreement in accordance with            CCS each respectively holds 15% of the issued share
      its provisions for a further term of 3 years expiring on   capital of China Telecom Finance. Pursuant to Chapter
      31 December 2021. No later than 30 days prior to the       14A of the Listing Rules, China Telecom Finance is a
      expiry of the Internet Applications Channel Services       connected subsidiary of the Company and an associate
      Framework Agreement, the Company is entitled to serve      of the China Telecommunications and CCS, which is
      a written notice to China Telecommunications to renew      also a connected person of the Company. Accordingly,
      the Internet Applications Channel Services Framework       the transactions under the China Telecom Financial
      Agreement, and the parties shall consult and decide on     Services Framework Agreement entered into between
      matters relating to such renewal.                          the Company and China Telecom Finance, the China
                                                                 Telecommunications Corporation Financial Services
                                                                 Framework Agreement entered into between China
                                                                 Telecom Finance and China Telecommunications and the
                                                                 CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement entered
                                                                 into between China Telecom Finance and CCS constitute
                                                                 continuing connected transactions of the Company
                                                                 pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




068   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




China Telecom Financial Services Framework                    As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the
Agreement entered into between the Company and                annual caps for the service fees of other financial
China Telecom Finance                                         services provided by China Telecom Finance to the
Pursuant to the financial services framework agreement        Group under the China Telecom Financial Services
entered into between the Company and China Telecom            Framework Agreement for each of the years ending 31
Finance on 1 February 2019 (“China Telecom Financial          December 2019, 2020 and 2021 is less than 0.1%, such
Services Framework Agreement”), China Telecom Finance         other financial services are exempt from all reporting,
agreed to provide financial services, including deposit       announcement, annual review and independent
services, loan services and other financial services to the   shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A
Group. As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the     of the Listing Rules.
annual caps for the deposit services provided by China
Telecom Finance to the Group under the China Telecom          Pricing Policy:
Financial Services Framework Agreement for each of the
years ending 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021 exceeds          (i)     Deposit Services
5% but is less than 25%, such continuing connected
transaction is subject to the reporting, announcement,                The deposit interest rates offered by China
annual review and independent shareholders’ approval                  Telecom Finance to the Group shall comply with
requirements under Chapters 14A of the Listing                        the relevant requirements of the People’s Bank
Rules. The independent shareholders of the Company                    of China and be with reference to the deposit
considered and approved the deposit services and the                  benchmark interest rates promulgated by the
applicable annual caps under the China Telecom Financial              People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any)
Services Framework Agreement at the extraordinary                     and the deposit interest rates of the same type of
general meeting of the Company held on 18 April 2019.                 deposit services for the same period offered by the
                                                                      major cooperative commercial banks of the Group
As the loan services provided by China Telecom Finance                and are conducted on normal commercial terms or
to the Group under the China Telecom Financial Services               better. The deposit interest rates offered shall be
Framework Agreement are conducted on normal                           equivalent to or higher than those offered by the
commercial terms or better and the relevant loan services             major cooperative commercial banks of the Group.
will not be secured by the assets of the Group, such loan             Under the same conditions, the interest rates and
services are exempt from all reporting, announcement,                 terms for the deposit services offered by China
annual review and independent shareholders’ approval                  Telecom Finance to the Group shall be the same
requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules.            as those interest rates and terms of the same type
                                                                      of deposit services for the same period offered by
                                                                      China Telecom Finance to other member units.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    069
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      (ii)    Loan Services                                                  other financial services provided by China Telecom
                                                                             Finance to the Group mentioned above shall
              The loan interest rates offered by China Telecom               comply with the fees standard promulgated by
              Finance to the Group shall comply with the relevant            regulatory departments including the People’s
              requirements of the People’s Bank of China and be              Bank of China or China Banking and Insurance
              with reference to the loan benchmark interest rates            Regulatory Commission (including its designated
              promulgated by the People’s Bank of China from                 institution) (“CBIRC”) (if applicable), and be with
              time to time (if any) and the loan interest rates of           reference to the handling fees standard for the
              the same type of loan services for the same period             same type of other financial services charged by
              offered by the major cooperative commercial                    the major cooperative commercial banks of the
              banks of the Group and are conducted on normal                 Group and are conducted on normal commercial
              commercial terms or better. The loan interest                  terms or better. The handling fees standard shall
              rates offered shall be equivalent to or lower than             be equivalent to or lower than those charged
              those offered by the major cooperative commercial              by the major cooperative commercial banks of
              banks of the Group. Under the same conditions,                 the Group. Under the same conditions, the fees
              the interest rates and terms for the loan services             standard charged to the Group by China Telecom
              offered by China Telecom Finance to the Group                  Finance shall be the same as those fees standard
              shall be the same as those interest rates and terms            for the same type of other financial services
              of the same type of loan services for the same                 charged by China Telecom Finance to other
              period offered by China Telecom Finance to other               member units.
              member units. The above loan services provided
              by China Telecom Finance to the Group do not           For the respective specific transactions under the China
              require the Group to pledge any security over its      Telecom Financial Services Framework Agreement, under
              assets or make other arrangements for the loan         the same conditions, the Group should, in principle,
              services as guarantee.                                 choose the services provided by China Telecom Finance.
                                                                     If the Group considers it is appropriate and beneficial to
      (iii)   Other Financial Services                               the Group, the Group has the discretion to engage one or
                                                                     more major cooperative commercial banks of the Group as
              China Telecom Finance provides other financial         its financial services providers.
              services (other than deposit and loan services)
              including financial and financing advice, credit       The China Telecom Financial Services Framework
              authentication, guarantees, acceptance of bills        Agreement became effective from 1 February 2019
              and discounted bills, internal fund transfer and       and will expire on 31 December 2021. Subject to the
              settlement and designs of relevant settlement and      compliance of relevant laws and regulations and relevant
              clearance arrangement proposals to the Group           regulatory requirements, both parties will negotiate and
              under the China Telecom Financial Services             agree on the renewal arrangement.
              Framework Agreement. The fees charged for




070   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




China Telecommunications Corporation Financial             As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the annual
Services Framework Agreement entered into                  caps for the service fees of other financial services
between China Telecom Finance and China                    provided by China Telecom Finance to the Parent Group
Telecommunications                                         under the China Telecommunications Corporation
Pursuant to the financial services framework agreement     Financial Services Framework Agreement for each of
entered into between China Telecom Finance and             the years ending 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021 is
China Telecommunications on 1 February 2019 (“China        less than 0.1%, such other financial services are exempt
Telecommunications Corporation Financial Services          from all reporting, announcement, annual review and
Framework Agreement”), China Telecom Finance               independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
agreed to provide financial services, including deposit    Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
services, loan services and other financial services to
the Parent Group. As the deposit services provided         Pricing Policy:
by China Telecom Finance to the Parent Group under
the China Telecommunications Corporation Financial         (i)     Deposit Services
Services Framework Agreement are conducted on
normal commercial terms or better and the relevant                 The deposit interest rates offered by China
deposit services will not be secured by the assets of              Telecom Finance to the Parent Group shall comply
the Group, such deposit services are exempt from all               with the relevant requirements of the People’s
reporting, announcement, annual review and independent             Bank of China and be with reference to the deposit
shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule               benchmark interest rates promulgated by the
14A.90 of the Listing Rules.                                       People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any)
                                                                   and the deposit interest rates of the same type of
As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the                 deposit services for the same period offered by the
annual caps for the loan services provided by China                major cooperative commercial banks of the Parent
Telecom Finance to the Parent Group under the China                Group and are conducted on normal commercial
Telecommunications Corporation Financial Services                  terms or better. The deposit interest rates offered
Framework Agreement for each of the years ending                   shall be equivalent to or higher than those offered
31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021 exceeds 0.1% but is                by the major cooperative commercial banks of
less than 5%, such loan services are only subject to the           the Parent Group. Under the same conditions, the
reporting, announcement and annual review requirements             interest rates and terms for the deposit services
but are exempt from the independent shareholders’                  offered by China Telecom Finance to the Parent
approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing              Group shall be the same as those interest rates
Rules.                                                             and terms of the same type of deposit services for
                                                                   the same period offered by China Telecom Finance
                                                                   to other member units.




                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    071
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      (ii)    Loan Services                                                   The fees charged for other financial services
                                                                              provided by China Telecom Finance to the Parent
              The loan interest rates offered by China Telecom                Group mentioned above shall comply with the fees
              Finance to the Parent Group shall comply with                   standard promulgated by regulatory departments
              the relevant requirements of the People’s Bank                  including the People’s Bank of China or the
              of China and be with reference to the loan                      CBIRC (if applicable), and be with reference to the
              benchmark interest rates promulgated by the                     handling fees standard for the same type of other
              People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any)               financial services charged by the major cooperative
              and the loan interest rates of the same type of                 commercial banks of the Parent Group and are
              loan services for the same period offered by the                conducted on normal commercial terms or better.
              major cooperative commercial banks of the Parent                The handling fees standard shall be equivalent to or
              Group and are conducted on normal commercial                    lower than those charged by the major cooperative
              terms or better. The loan interest rates offered shall          commercial banks of the Parent Group. Under the
              be equivalent to or lower than those offered by the             same conditions, the fees standard charged to
              major cooperative commercial banks of the Parent                the Parent Group by China Telecom Finance shall
              Group. Under the same conditions, the interest                  be the same as those fees standard for the same
              rates and terms for the loan services offered by                type of other financial services charged by China
              China Telecom Finance to the Parent Group shall                 Telecom Finance to other member units.
              be the same as those interest rates and terms
              of the same type of loan services for the same           For the respective specific transactions under the China
              period offered by China Telecom Finance to other         Telecommunications Corporation Financial Services
              member units.                                            Framework Agreement, under the same conditions, the
                                                                       Parent Group should, in principle, choose the services
              The above loan services provided by China                provided by China Telecom Finance. If the Parent Group
              Telecom Finance to the Parent Group do not               considers it is appropriate and beneficial to the Parent
              require the Parent Group to pledge any security          Group, the Parent Group has the discretion to engage
              over its assets or make other arrangements for the       one or more major cooperative commercial banks of the
              loan services as guarantee.                              Parent Group as its financial services providers.


      (iii)   Other Financial Services                                 The China Telecommunications Corporation Financial
                                                                       Services Framework Agreement became effective from
              China Telecom Finance provides other financial           1 February 2019 and will expire on 31 December 2021.
              services (other than deposit and loan services)          Subject to the compliance of relevant laws and regulations
              including financial and financing advice, credit         and relevant regulatory requirements, both parties will
              authentication, guarantees, acceptance of bills          negotiate and agree on the renewal arrangement.
              and discounted bills, internal fund transfer and
              settlement and designs of relevant settlement and
              clearance arrangement proposals to the Parent
              Group under the China Telecommunications
              Corporation Financial Services Framework
              Agreement.

072   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement                  As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the annual
entered into between China Telecom Finance and              caps for the service fees of other financial services
CCS                                                         provided by China Telecom Finance to the CCS Group
Pursuant to the financial services framework agreement      under the CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement
entered into between China Telecom Finance and CCS          for each of the years ending 31 December 2019,
on 1 February 2019 (“CCS Financial Services Framework       2020 and 2021 is less than 0.1%, such other financial
Agreement”), China Telecom Finance agreed to provide        services are exempt from all reporting, announcement,
financial services, including deposit services, loan        annual review and independent shareholders’ approval
services and other financial services to the CCS Group.     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
As the deposit services provided by China Telecom
Finance to the CCS Group under the CCS Financial            Pricing Policy:
Services Framework Agreement are conducted on
normal commercial terms or better and the relevant          (i)     Deposit Services
deposit services will not be secured by the assets of
the Group, such deposit services are exempt from all                The deposit interest rates offered by China
reporting, announcement, annual review and independent              Telecom Finance to the CCS Group shall comply
shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule                with the relevant requirements of the People’s
14A.90 of the Listing Rules.                                        Bank of China and be with reference to the deposit
                                                                    benchmark interest rates promulgated by the
As each of the applicable percentage ratios of the annual           People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any)
caps for loan services provided by China Telecom                    and the deposit interest rates of the same type of
Finance to CCS Group under the CCS Financial Services               deposit services for the same period offered by the
Framework Agreement for each of the years ending 31                 major cooperative commercial banks of the CCS
December 2019, 2020 and 2021 exceeds 0.1% but is                    Group and are conducted on normal commercial
less than 5%, such loan services are only subject to the            terms or better. The deposit interest rates offered
reporting, announcement and annual review requirements              shall be equivalent to or higher than those offered
but are exempt from the independent shareholders’                   by the major cooperative commercial banks of
approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing               the CCS Group. Under the same conditions, the
Rules.                                                              interest rates and terms for the deposit services
                                                                    offered by China Telecom Finance to the CCS
                                                                    Group shall be the same as those interest rates
                                                                    and terms of the same type of deposit services for
                                                                    the same period offered by China Telecom Finance
                                                                    to other member units.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    073
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      (ii)    Loan Services                                                 The fees charged for other financial services
                                                                            provided by China Telecom Finance to the CCS
              The loan interest rates offered by China Telecom              Group mentioned above shall comply with the fees
              Finance to the CCS Group shall comply with                    standard promulgated by regulatory departments
              the relevant requirements of the People’s Bank                including the People’s Bank of China or the
              of China and be with reference to the loan                    CBIRC (if applicable), and be with reference to the
              benchmark interest rates promulgated by the                   handling fees standard for the same type of other
              People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any)             financial services charged by the major cooperative
              and the loan interest rates of the same type of loan          commercial banks of the CCS Group and are
              services for the same period offered by the major             conducted on normal commercial terms or better.
              cooperative commercial banks of the CCS Group                 The handling fees standard shall be equivalent to or
              and are conducted on normal commercial terms                  lower than those charged by the major cooperative
              or better. The loan interest rates offered shall be           commercial banks of the CCS Group. Under the
              equivalent to or lower than those offered by the              same conditions, the fees standard charged to the
              major cooperative commercial banks of the CCS                 CCS Group by China Telecom Finance shall be the
              Group. Under the same conditions, the interest                same as those fees standard for the same type of
              rates and terms for the loan services offered by              other financial services charged by China Telecom
              China Telecom Finance to the CCS Group shall                  Finance to other member units.
              be the same as those interest rates and terms
              of the same type of loan services for the same         For the respective specific transactions under the CCS
              period offered by China Telecom Finance to other       Financial Services Framework Agreement, provided that
              member units. The above loan services provided         it is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the
              by China Telecom Finance to the CCS Group do           CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement, China
              not require the CCS Group to pledge any security       Telecom Finance was appointed as one of the financial
              over its assets or make other arrangements for the     institutions providing financial services to the CCS Group.
              loan services as guarantee.                            Prior to the signing of any specific agreement with China
                                                                     Telecom Finance in respect of respective transactions
      (iii)   Other Financial Services                               under the CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement,
                                                                     the CCS Group will compare the interest rates and terms
              China Telecom Finance provides other financial         or fees charged and other relevant transactions terms
              services (other than deposit and loan services)        offered by China Telecom Finance with those interest
              including financial and financing advice, credit       rates and terms of the same type of deposit or loan
              authentication, guarantees, acceptance of bills        services for the same period or fees charged and other
              and discounted bills, internal fund transfer and       relevant transaction terms for the same type of financial
              settlement and designs of relevant settlement          services offered by the major cooperative commercial
              and clearance arrangement proposals to the             banks of the CCS Group. Only when the interest rates
              CCS Group under the CCS Financial Services             and terms or fees charged or other relevant transactions
              Framework Agreement.




074   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




terms offered by China Telecom Finance are equivalent         The auditors of the Group have reviewed the continuing
to or better than those interest rates and terms offered      connected transactions of the Group for the year ended
or fees charged or other relevant transactions terms (e.g.    31 December 2020 and have confirmed to the Board
transaction approval terms, procedures or time limit, etc.)   that nothing has come to their attention that causes
offered by the major cooperative commercial banks of          them to believe that the relevant continuing connected
the CCS Group, the CCS Group has the discretion to            transactions:
enter into the transactions with China Telecom Finance.
Under the circumstances which the CCS Group considers         (1)     have not been approved by the Board of the
appropriate, the CCS Group may engage additional or                   Company;
other financial institutions other than China Telecom
Finance to provide financial services.                        (2)     (for transactions involving the provision of goods or
                                                                      services by the Group) were not entered into, in all
The CCS Financial Services Framework Agreement                        material respects, in accordance with the pricing
became effective from 1 February 2019 and will expire on              policies of the Group;
31 December 2021. Subject to the compliance of relevant
laws and regulations and relevant regulatory requirements,    (3)     were not entered into, in all material respects, in
both parties will negotiate and agree on the renewal                  accordance with the terms of the agreements
arrangement.                                                          governing such transactions; and


Review of Continuing Connected Transactions                   (4)     have exceeded the annual caps as set by the
The Company confirms that it has complied with the                    Company.
disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the connected          A copy of the auditors’ letter in relation to the continuing
transactions the Company conducted in the year 2020.          connected transactions has been provided by the
                                                              Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Company’s external auditor was engaged to report
on the Group’s continuing connected transactions for the
year ended 31 December 2020 in accordance with the
Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference
to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants.




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      075
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company       RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      have confirmed that all continuing connected transactions
      for the year ended 31 December 2020 to which the Group       Details of the related party transactions of the Group
      was a party:                                                 (“Related Party Transactions”) are set out in note 44 of the
                                                                   consolidated financial statements. Only the Related Party
      (1)    had been entered into, and the agreements             Transactions set out in note 44(a) of the consolidated
             governing those transactions were entered into,       financial statements constitute continuing connected
             by the Group in the ordinary and usual course of      transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules,
             business;                                             the details of which (except for fully exempt continuing
                                                                   connected transactions) have been disclosed in the above
      (2)    had been entered into either:                         section “Continuing Connected Transactions”. Other
                                                                   Related Party Transactions do not constitute connected
             (i)      on normal commercial terms or better; or     transactions or continuing connected transactions under
                                                                   Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
             (ii)     if there are not sufficient comparable
                      transactions to judge whether they are       BUSINESS REVIEW
                      on normal commercial terms, on terms
                      no less favourable to the Company than       Relating to the details of the material development of
                      those available to or (if applicable) from   the Group in 2020, a fair review of the business and a
                      independent third parties; and               discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance
                                                                   during the year and the material factors underlying
      (3)    had been entered into in accordance with the          its results and financial position are provided in the
             relevant agreements governing those transactions      Chairman’s Statement on pages 8 to 18, Business
             on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the      Review on pages 30 to 37 and Financial Review on
             interests of the shareholders of the Company as a     pages 38 to 45 of this annual report. Description of the
             whole.                                                principal risks and uncertainties faced the Group can be
                                                                   found throughout this annual report, particularly in the
      The Independent Non-Executive Directors have further         Environmental, Social and Governance Report on pages
      confirmed that:                                              86 to 157 of this annual report. Particulars of important
                                                                   events affecting the Group that have occurred after
      The continuing connected transactions for the year ended     31 December 2020, if any, can also be found in the Notes
      31 December 2020 entered into between the Group and          to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The outlook
      its connected persons which are subject to annual caps       of the Group’s business is discussed throughout this
      have not exceeded their respective annual caps.              annual report including in the Chairman’s Statement and
                                                                   Business Review.




076   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Description of the Group’s key relationships with its        PROPOSED A SHARE OFFERING
employees, customers, suppliers and others that have         AND RELATED MATTERS
a significant impact on the Company and on which the
Company’s success depends can be found throughout            In order to seize the opportunities of digitalised
this annual report, particularly in the Environmental,       development, improve the corporate governance and
Social and Governance Report on pages 86 to 157 of           broaden financing channels, accelerate reform and
this annual report. In addition, more details regarding      development, promote the implementation of strategies
the Group’s performance by reference to financial key        and achieve high-quality development, the Company
performance indicators and environmental policies, as well   proposed to apply for the offering and listing of A Shares
as compliance with relevant laws and regulations which       on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, to
have a significant impact on the Group, are provided in      amend the Article of Association, the Rules of Procedures
the Chairman’s Statement, Business Review, Financial         of the Meeting of the Board of Directors and the Rules of
Review, Environmental, Social and Governance Report of       Procedures of the Meeting of the Supervisory Committee,
this annual report. Each of the above-mentioned relevant     and to adopt the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’
contents form an integral part of this Report of the         General Meeting, in each case in accordance with relevant
Directors.                                                   laws, administrative regulations, departmental regulations
                                                             and regulatory documents. The relevant proposals were
COMPLIANCE WITH THE                                          considered and approved by the Board on 9 March 2021
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE                                    and will be proposed for shareholders’ consideration
                                                             and approval at the Extraordinary General Meeting,
Please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance     the Domestic Shareholders’ Class Meeting and the H
Report set out on pages 86 to 157 of this 2020 annual        Shareholders’ Class Meeting to be held on 9 April 2021.
report of the Company for details of our compliance with
the Corporate Governance Code.                               Please refer to the announcements published by the
                                                             Company on 9 March 2021 and the relevant circular for
                                                             further details.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    077
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      NYSE HAS COMMENCED                                                 Regulation had determined to re-commence proceedings

      DELISTING PROCEEDINGS OF                                           to delist the ADSs to comply with the Executive Order (the

      AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES                                         “Determination”). This latest decision is based on the new
                                                                         specific guidance that the US Department of Treasury’s

      The President of the United States of America                      Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) provided to the

      issued an executive order on 12 November 2020                      NYSE. On 20 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time),

      (US Eastern standard time) (as amended on                          the Company filed with the NYSE a written request for a

      13 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), the                    review of the Determination by a Committee of the Board

      “Executive Order”) to prohibit any transaction in publicly         of Directors of the NYSE (the “Committee”). The Company

      traded securities, or any securities that are derivative           requested that the Committee reverse the Determination

      of, or are designed to provide investment exposure to              and stay the trading suspension of the ADSs pending

      such securities, of the companies concerned which                  review of the Determination. On 27 January 2021 (US

      include the Company’s ultimate holding company (being              Eastern standard time), OFAC published General License

      China Telecommunications Corporation), by any United               No. 1A in relation to the Executive Order (“GL 1A”),

      States person (the “Prohibitions”). The Prohibitions               dated 26 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time)

      would become effective beginning 9:30 a.m. on 11                   and guidance relating to two related frequently asked

      January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), and are                   questions (respectively, “FAQ 878” and “FAQ 879”). GL

      subject to certain divestiture and other exemptions. On            1A and FAQ 879 provide, among others, that, pursuant to

      31 December 2020 (US Eastern standard time), The                   the Executive Order, the Prohibitions with respect to the

      New York Stock Exchange LLC (the “NYSE”) announced                 Company take effect on the date that is 60 days after the

      that the staff of NYSE Regulation had determined to                Company was added to the Restricted List, or 9 March

      commence proceedings to delist the securities of three             2021 (US Eastern standard time) (instead of 11 January

      issuers, including the American Depositary Shares (NYSE            2021 (US Eastern standard time)).

      stock ticker: CHA, the “ADSs”) of the Company, on the
      basis that the Company is no longer suitable for listing           Please refer to the announcements published by the

      pursuant to the NYSE Listed Company Manual Section                 Company on 13 November 2020, 4 January 2021,

      802.01D in light of the Executive Order. The NYSE will             5 January 2021, 7 January 2021, 21 January 2021 and

      apply to the SEC to delist the ADSs upon completion                28 January 2021 for further details.

      of all applicable procedures. On 4 January 2021 (US
      Eastern standard time), NYSE announced that NYSE                   MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
      Regulation no longer intended to move forward with the
      delisting action in relation to the securities of three issuers,   As at 31 December 2020, the Company was not involved

      including the ADSs of the Company. On 6 January 2021               in any material litigation or arbitration, and as far as the

      (US Eastern standard time), NYSE announced that it                 Company is aware, no material litigation or claims were

      had once again reversed its earlier decision in that NYSE          pending or threatened or made against the Company.




078   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




AUDITORS                                                       Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                               Certified Public Accountants LLP have confirmed in

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu          writing that there are no matters in relation to their

Certified Public Accountants LLP were appointed as the         retirement which should be brought to the attention

international and domestic auditors of the Company,            of the shareholders of the Company. The Board is not

respectively for the year ended 31 December 2020.              aware of any matters in relation to the proposed change

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has audited the consolidated          of auditors that need to be brought to the attention of

financial statements set out in this report, which have been   the shareholders of the Company. The Board and the

prepared in accordance with the International Financial        Audit Committee have also confirmed that there are

Reporting Standards.                                           no disagreement or outstanding matters between the
                                                               Company and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte

Pursuant to the relevant regulations issued by the Ministry    Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP.

of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and SASAC,        The proposed appointment of auditors is subject to

the service terms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and              the approval of the shareholders of the Company at

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants          the 2020 Annual General Meeting. Please refer to the

LLP will expire soon. They will retire as the international    announcement published by the Company on 9 March

auditor and domestic auditor of the Company effective          2021 for further details.

upon the close of the 2020 Annual General Meeting
and will not be re-appointed. Pursuant to the open
selection process, and as recommended by the Audit
Committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”),
the Board has resolved to propose to the shareholders          By Order of the Board

of the Company at the 2020 Annual General Meeting to           Ke Ruiwen

approve the appointments of PricewaterhouseCoopers             Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

and PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP as
the Company’s external auditors for the year ending            Beijing, China

31 December 2021 and to authorise the Board to fix the         9 March 2021

remuneration of the auditors.




                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   079
      REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




      During the reporting period, all members of the                and passed the relevant resolutions. Regarding the
      Supervisory Committee acted in accordance with the             Company’s operating results, 5G construction, etc.,
      Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and              the Supervisory Committee communicated with the
      the Articles of Association of the Company, followed           Finance Department and external auditors and raised
      the principles of integrity and diligently carried out their   certain recommendations. During the reporting period,
      supervisory function to safeguard the interests of the         members of the Supervisory Committee supervised the
      shareholders, the Company and the employees.                   major decision-making process of the Company and the
                                                                     performance of duties of the members of the Board and
      I.     THE WORK STATUS OF THE                                  the senior management through their attendance at the
             SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE                                   2019 Annual General Meeting, Board meetings and Audit
             OF THE COMPANY                                          Committee meetings.


      During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee         II.    THE OVERALL ASSESSMENT
      held two meetings. At the sixth meeting of the sixth                  OF THE OPERATION
      session of the Supervisory Committee held on 19 March                 MANAGEMENT AND
      2020, the Supervisory Committee reviewed and approved
                                                                            PERFORMANCE DURING THE
      six agenda items, including the financial statements for
                                                                            REPORTING PERIOD
      the year 2019, the auditor’s report issued by the external
      auditors, the profit distribution and dividend proposal,
                                                                     The Supervisory Committee believed that during the
      the Supervisory Committee’s report for the year 2019,
                                                                     reporting period, all members of the Board and the
      the work plan of the Supervisory Committee for the year
      2020, election of members to the seventh session of            senior management have complied with rules and

      the Supervisory Committee, and passed the relevant             regulations, upheld the principles of diligence and integrity,
      resolutions. Regarding the impact of the Epidemic on the       safeguarded the interests of shareholders, fully fulfilled
      Company’s business development and the improvement             their responsibilities in accordance with the Articles of
      of resource efficiency, etc., the Supervisory Committee        Association of the Company, diligently implemented
      communicated with the Finance Department and external          the resolutions of shareholders’ meetings and the
      auditors and raised certain recommendations. At the            Board meetings, and strictly complied with the relevant
      first meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory        regulations governing listed companies. The Supervisory
      Committee held on 13 August 2020, the Supervisory              Committee has not observed any behaviours that
      Committee reviewed and approved the interim financial
                                                                     breached the laws, rules and Articles of Association of the
      statements of the Company for the interim report of
                                                                     Company, or damaged the interests of shareholders.
      2020 and the review report of the external auditors,




080   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                         REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




During the reporting period, The Company coordinated its                    amounted to RMB118.9 billion, representing an increase
efforts in Epidemic prevention and control with operation                   of 1.4% over last year. Net profit4 amounted to RMB20.9
and development, firmly seized opportunities emerging                       billion, representing an increase of 1.6% over last year,
from the digital transformation of the economy and                          while basic earnings per share were RMB0.26. Capital
society, and promoted the “Cloudification and Digital                       expenditure was RMB84.8 billion and free cash flow 5
Transformation” strategy on all fronts. The Company                         was RMB14.3 billion. The Company’s financial position
also strengthened its sci-tech innovation capabilities and                  remained robust.
deepened corporate reforms, achieving steady growth
of its operating results, while continuing to share the                     Overall, the Company built up new information
high-quality development results of the Company with                        infrastructure with 5G and cloud as the core, and
its shareholders and the society. In 2020, operating                        stimulated increasing and diversified customer demand
revenues of the Company amounted to RMB393.6 billion,                       for integrated intelligent information services, sped up
representing an increase of 4.7% over last year. Service                    its Cloudification reform as well as digital transformation,
revenues amounted to RMB373.8 billion, representing an
         1
                                                                            established the new development pattern from an all-
increase of 4.5% over last year, surpassing the industry’s                  round perspective and strived to enhance its market
average growth rate over several consecutive years. Of
                        2
                                                                            competitiveness and corporate vitality. In addition, while
which, mobile service revenues amounted to RMB181.7                         diligently fulfilling its responsibilities to shareholders, the
billion, representing an increase of 3.5% over last year.                   Company persisted in integrating social responsibilities
Wireline service revenues amounted to RMB192.1 billion,                     into its own development, and fulfilled its corporate social
representing an increase of 5.5% over last year. EBITDA              3
                                                                            responsibilities excellently.




1      Service revenues are calculated based on operating revenues minus sales of mobile terminals, sales of wireline equipment and other non-service
       revenues.
2      MIIT’s statistical communique of the communications industry in 2020: telecommunications revenue grew by 3.6% year-on-year in 2020.
3      EBITDA is calculated based on operating revenues minus operating expenses plus depreciation and amortisation.
4      Net profit represents profit attributable to equity holders of the Company.
5      Free cash flow is calculated based on EBITDA minus capital expenditure, income tax and depreciation charge for right-of-use assets other than
       land-use-rights.



                                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                  081
      REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




      III.   THE INDEPENDENT OPINION                               the shareholders as a whole, especially those of the

             ON THE RELEVANT MATTERS                               minority shareholders, actively promoted the regulated

             DURING THE REPORTING                                  operation of the Company, enhanced the level of

             PERIOD                                                corporate governance of the Company, followed lawful
                                                                   procedures in their decision-making, and implemented

      1.     The opinion concluded by the Supervisory              resolutions approved at the shareholders’ meetings. The

             Committee on the compliance of the                    Supervisory Committee was not aware of any behaviours

             operation of the Company with laws and                of the Directors or the senior management which violated

             regulations                                           the laws, regulations, the Articles of Association of the

      Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations of PRC,        Company or were detrimental to the interests of the

      the Supervisory Committee monitored the convening            Company.

      procedures and resolutions resolved at the meetings of the
      Board, the implementation by the Board of the resolutions    2.     The opinion concluded by the Supervisory

      approved by the shareholders’ meetings, the performance             Committee on the financial implementations

      of duties by the Company’s senior management, and                   of the Company

      the Company’s management policies. The Supervisory           Through the supervision and inspection of the Company’s

      Committee is of the view that the Directors and the senior   financial policies and financial condition, the Supervisory

      management, in performing their duties, strictly complied    Committee is of the view that the Company is able to

      with the relevant rules and regulations, safeguarded         strictly comply with the regulatory requirements such as

      the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and       section 404 of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act and to continue




082   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                           REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




to enhance its internal controls over financial reporting,     Committee will focus on the Company’s implementation
while effectively controlling and managing the Company         of important measures in the process of comprehensively
in accordance with rules and regulations. The Supervisory      and deeply promoting “Cloudification and Digital
Committee advised the Company to strengthen risk               Transformation” strategy, strengthening sci-tech
control as well as investment efficiency assessment in         innovation, accelerating the integration and development
the area of emerging businesses. Upon reviewing the            of 5G, cloud and artificial intelligence, empowering
financial statements for the year 2020 with unqualified        internal and external digital transformation, deepening
audit opinion and other relevant information to be tabled      and expanding ecological cooperation, and promoting
by the Board at the 2020 Annual General Meeting, which         corporate high-quality development, and will further
were prepared in accordance with the China Accounting          broaden the work plan of the Supervisory Committee and
Standards for Business Enterprises and the International       strengthen its efforts in monitoring so as to protect the
Financial Reporting Standards as audited by PRC certified      interests of all investors.
accountants and international auditors of the Company
respectively, the Supervisory Committee is of the opinion
that the financial statements truly and fairly reflect the
Company’s financial condition, operating results and cash
flows.


In 2021, the Supervisory Committee will continue to strictly   By Order of the Supervisory Committee
adhere to the Articles of Association of the Company and       Sui Yixun
relevant regulations, assume its responsibility to protect     Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
the interests of the shareholders and the Company,
and lay emphasis on monitoring the Company to fulfill          Beijing, China
its commitment to its shareholders. The Supervisory            9 March 2021




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   083
                                                                                                       RECOGNITION AND AWARDS


      RECOGNITION AND AWARDS



                                   Our Achievements
                                                             Soar to new height




084   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                        China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   085
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




086   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




As a large-scale and leading integrated information services operator in the world, China
Telecom has always insisted on incorporating environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)
responsibilities into corporate operation and management, and has established and continues
to optimise effective risk management and internal control systems in relation to ESG. With rapid
development of mobile Internet and swift upgrade of information consumption, the Company
continues to promote corporate transformation and accelerates business upgrade, endeavouring
to provide premium network information services for subscribers and striving to be a leading
integrated intelligent information services operator.


       The Company has strictly complied with the provisions of the Environmental, Social and
           Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 (“ESG Reporting Guide”) of
                              the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2020, and
                                     considered the concerns of stakeholders and the ESG issues
                                        identified by the Company in the course of operations
                                           as a basis for reporting. In 2020, the Company further
                                           refined its own System of Environmental, Social
                                                             and Governance (ESG) Indicators,
                                                              improved the internal process for
                                                              collecting and monitoring the data on
                                                  ESG performance and strengthened procedures
                                           on ESG data collection, review and application to
                                         ensure detailed information on how the Company fulfils
                                         its responsibility in the aspect of ESG as required has
                                          been disclosed.


                                            This report is a yearly report which covers the
                                            Company and its subsidiaries (branches) for the
                                            period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.
                                            For details of compliance with ESG Reporting Guide,
                                            please see the ESG Reporting Guide Index in this
                                            report. There are no significant changes in the scope
                                            of this report from the ESG Report published in the
                                            2019 annual report.


                                            This report has been reviewed and approved by the
                                            Board for publication.




                                             China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     087
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
      Corporate Social Responsibility Report


      Adhering to the core values of “Comprehensive                  effective ESG risk management and internal control
      Innovation, Pursuing Truth and Pragmatism, Respecting          systems are in place. The Board and the Audit Committee
      People and Creating Value All Together”, China Telecom         also regularly receive briefings from the Company on ESG
      has since long incorporated the Environmental, Social          issues, conduct the performance review on the Company,
      and Governance (“ESG”) responsibilities into its corporate     present advices and instructions to the management
      development strategy, routine production and business          and relevant departments on ESG issues and review
      operation and management activities, actively fulfilled its    and approve the disclosure of ESG reports to ensure the
      responsibility toward stakeholders, and followed the path      Company’s performance in fulfilling ESG responsibility is
      of responsible development, seeking to continuously build      continuously improving. We reported the work plan to the
      on its overall value.                                          Board during the preparation stage of this report and also
                                                                     reported to the Board upon the finalisation of this report.
      I.      PROMOTING RESPONSIBILITY                               This report was reviewed and approved by the Board.
              MANAGEMENT
                                                                     The Company establishes an ESG working group
      The Company strictly complies with the provisions of the       which is managed by senior management, while the
      Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide           Corporate Strategy Department coordinates with relevant
      as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules of the Hong     departments in the headquarters, provincial branches,
      Kong Stock Exchange. The Board of Directors of the             professional companies and units directly under the
      Company attaches great importance to the supervision           headquarters participating in ESG reporting work.
      and control over ESG, and is responsible for developing        ESG working group is authorised to be responsible for
      ESG-related policies and strategies, including evaluating,     implementing the Company’s ESG strategies, promoting
      prioritizing and managing ESG issues to guarantee that         ESG performance management and monitoring
                                                                     information disclosure and relevant fundamental work.




                                                     Board of Directors


                                                          Senior Management


                                               Corporate Strategy Department coordinates
                                                  with Related Functional Departments


                                              Provincial Branches, Professional Companies,
                                                 Units directly under the Headquarters


                                                         ESG working group




088   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                     Corporate Social Responsibility Report




The Company established its own system of ESG                  The Company promotes communication with its investors,
Indicators, set up the information statistics system for       customers, employees, government and regulatory
ESG performance and refined procedures on ESG data’s           institutions, communities and other stakeholders through
collection, review and application. In accordance with         various channels including announcements, reports,
A Step-By-Step Guide to ESG Reporting issued by the            meetings, seminars, visits, service hotlines, questionnaires
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company perfected                and events. The Company earnestly listens to the
its information disclosure and regulated the disclosure        expectations and needs of the stakeholders, sorts out
of detailed information on how the Company fulfills its        the opinions and suggestions from all parties and actively
responsibility in the aspect of ESG governance.                responds to the concerns raised.



STAKEHOLDERS’ EXPECTATIONS ON THE COMPANY AND OUR RESPONSE

Stakeholders             Communication             Expectations on the          Our Response
                         Mechanism and             Company
                         Method

Investors                •   Statements and        •   Value retention and      •   Operate steadily and continue to create
                             announcements             appreciation                 value for shareholders
                         •   Reports and visits    •   Regulating corporate •       Improve corporate governance level and
                         •   Daily communication       governance                   continuously improve internal control
                         •   Investor conferences •    Operational risk             system
                                                       prevention               •   Protect the rights of investors, especially
                                                   •   Regulating                   small and medium investors, in
                                                       information disclosure       accordance with laws
                                                                                •   Strictly comply with the disclosure
                                                                                    requirements of corporate information
Customers                •   Customer service      •   Suitable and good        •   Promote business and products
                             hotline                   business products            innovation
                         •   Account manager’s     •   Enhancement of           •   Promote transparent consumption
                             visits                    service quality          •   Set reasonable and preferential tariff
                         •   Customer surveys      •   Tariff charges               charges
                         •   Customer                  reduction                •   Regulate value-added service
                             communication         •   Harmful information          cooperation management
                             activities                prevention               •   Protect customer information in
                                                   •   Personal privacy             accordance with laws
                                                       protection




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        089
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      Stakeholders             Communication                Expectations on the            Our Response
                               Mechanism and                Company
                               Method

      Employees                •    Employee                •   Legal rights               •   Regulate labour management
                                    representative              protection                 •   Optimise income distribution and
                                    congress                •   Realisation of                 welfare protection mechanism
                               •    Employee-                   professional               •   Reinforce employee training and
                                    management                  development                    improve career development
                                    conversations           •   Management                 •   Count on the function of employee
                               •    Employee opinion            participation                  representative congress
                                    surveys                 •   Caring for employees •         Improve work conditions
                               •    Complaints and
                                    grievances
      Government and           •    Meetings                •   Compliance with            •   Govern the corporate in accordance
        Regulatory Institutions •   Statements or reports       laws and regulations           with laws, and operate with integrity
                               •    Reports and visits      •   Government                 •   Pay taxes in accordance with laws, and
                                                                management                     foster employment opportunities
                                                                requirement                •   Provide innovative informatisation
                                                                implementation                 products and services, promote high-
                                                            •   Facilitation of industry       quality economic development
                                                                development                •   Actively provide advice and suggestions
                                                            •   Promotion of
                                                                employment
      Supply Chain             •    Business                •   Equal and mutually         •   Cooperate with integrity, create mutual
                                    communication               beneficial cooperation         benefit and achieve win-win
                               •    Business trainings      •   Co-creation of value •         Actively create an industrial ecosphere
                               •    Seminars or forums      •   Promotion of industry          and promote industry development
                                                                development
      Peers                    •    Forums or               •   Lawful and fair            •   Actively communicate and exchange
                                    conferences                 competition                    experience
                               •    Dispute coordination •      Reinforcement in           •   Promote inter-connection and inter-
                                    and resolution              communication and              communication
                               •    Special topic working       cooperation and            •   Actively engage in co-building and co-
                                    groups                      promotion of healthy           sharing
                               •    Visits                      development of the
                                                                industry




090   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report




Stakeholders                                  Communication                                Expectations on the                           Our Response
                                              Mechanism and                                Company
                                              Method

Community                                     •     Community                              •     Environment                             •     Implement energy conservation
                                                    communication                                protection                                    and emission reduction as well as
                                                    activities                             •     Telecommunications                            environmental protection measures
                                              •     Community co-build                           universal services                      •     Actively fulfill universal services
                                                    activities                             •     Emergency                                     obligation
                                              •     Social welfare                               communications                          •     Maintain smooth communication
                                                    activities                                   assurance                               •     Promote poverty alleviation and help the
                                                                                           •     Assisting vulnerable                          disabled and people in need
                                                                                                 groups


In accordance with the ESG subject areas contained in the ESG Reporting Guide, while taking into consideration the
expectations and needs of stakeholders based on the characteristics of our business and the industry as well as the
impact of our business operations on the economy, environment and society, the Company assesses ESG issues
that are relevant and material to the Company’s business operations from the dual perspectives of its importance to
stakeholders and its impact on the Company’s business operations, and selects and establishes a materiality matrix (see
below) as the basis for the Company’s ESG report’s disclosure.



                High


                                                                                          Maintaining network information security                      Protecting the rights of
                                                                                                                                                        customers in accordance
                                                                                                     Assuring emergency                                 with laws
                                                                                                                                              Devoting to fight against




                 Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                                        communications
                                                                                                                                              COVID-19
                                                                      Operating with integrity and     Promoting the                                    Enhancing service
                                                                         in compliance with laws      co-building and                                   capabilities
                                                                                                        co-sharing of                     Building new information
                                                      Integrity governance and anti-corruption        communication                       infrastructure of cloud-network
                                                                                                        infrastructure                    integration
                                                                               Safeguarding the rights of employees                          Promoting employees’
                                                                                             in compliance with laws                         development
                                                                           Promoting energy conservation                           Promoting universal
                                                                                   and emission reduction                          services
                                                                                                                                   Promoting responsible
                                                                            Caring for employees’ well-being
                                                                                                                                   supply chain
                                                        Emphasising environmental                        Enhancing production safety and
                                              protection in engineering construction                     health and safety management

                                                   Conservation of natural resources                     Participation in social
                                                                                                         welfare activities
                                                   Child and forced
                                                  labour prevention




                                                                                                                                                                           High
                                                                 Impact on the Company’s business operations




                                                                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                 091
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




            The main issues of this report are presented in the following table:

            Environmental, social and governance areas
            listed in the Environmental, Social and Governance            Main environmental, social and governance
            Reporting Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange               issues for the Company
            A Environmental
            A1 Emissions                                                  Promoting energy conservation and emission reduction
            A2 Use of Resources                                           Conservation of natural resources
            A3 The Environment and Natural Resources                      Emphasising environmental protection in engineering
                                                                          construction
                                                                          Promoting the co-building and co-sharing of communication
                                                                          infrastructure
            A4 Climate Change                                             Promoting energy conservation and emission reduction
                                                                          Green purchasing
                                                                          Assuring emergency communications
            B Social
            B1 Employment                                                 Safeguarding the rights of employees in compliance
                                                                          with laws
                                                                          Caring for employees’ well-being
            B2 Health and Safety                                          Enhancing production safety and health and safety
                                                                          management
                                                                          Devoting to fight against COVID-19
            B3 Development and Training                                   Promoting employees’ development
            B4 Labour Standards                                           Child and forced labour prevention
            B5 Supply Chain Management                                    Promoting responsible supply chain
                                                                          Building new information infrastructure of cloud-network
            B6 Product Responsibility
                                                                          integration
                                                                          Promoting universal services
                                                                          Maintaining network information security
                                                                          Assuring emergency communications
                                                                          Protecting the rights of customers in accordance with laws
                                                                          Enhancing service capabilities
            B7 Anti-corruption                                            Operating with integrity and in compliance with laws
                                                                          Integrity governance and anti-corruption
            B8 Community Investment                                       Participation in social welfare activities


            This report is a yearly report which covers the policies, measures and performance on the ESG-related issues of the
            Company and its subsidiaries (branches) for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (reporting period).


092   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                     Corporate Social Responsibility Report




This report actively complies with the requirements of the       The Company set up the Legal Department (Compliance
ESG Reporting Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange              Management Department), as a separate unit in 2020,
in relation to the reporting principles of “materiality”,        to further improve the compliance management system
“quantitative”, “balance” and “consistency”. Based on the        with three lines of defence consisting of the business
materiality principle, the Board of the Company determined       department, compliance management department and
the importance of ESG issues, and this report disclosed          audit supervision department, and collaborated with the
our communication with stakeholders, the identification          parent company to formulate the Compliance Management
process of the material issues and the materiality matrix.       Action Program of China Telecommunications Corporation
Based on the quantitative principle, the Company strived         (2021-2023). The Company has issued the China Telecom
to quantify its ESG performance indicators as much as            Compliance Initiative for standardising the operation and
possible. The statistical standards, methods, assumptions        management behaviors of the corporate and its employees,
and calculation tools, as well as the sources of conversion      actively fostering the compliance culture, and promoting
factors for quantifying the key performance indicators           the realisation of “compliance in everyone, everything and
are all disclosed in this report. Based on the balance           every moment”.
principle, this report strived to provide an unbiased picture
of the Company’s ESG performance during the reporting            In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s
period and avoided selection, omissions or presentation          Republic of China, Accounting Law of the People’s Republic
formats that may inappropriately influence the decision          of China, Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China,
or judgment of the readers. Based on the consistency             Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China, Anti-
principle, the Company kept the statistical methods used         Monopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China, Anti-
for the data disclosed in this report consistent, and if there   Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China,
was any inconsistency, explanations were made. For               Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China and Code
details of compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide of            of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies in China
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, please refer to the ESG            published by the China Securities Regulatory Commission
Reporting Guide Index in this report.                            and other laws and regulations and the regulatory
                                                                 requirements governing internal control of listed companies
II.    OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY                                  in capital markets such as the United States and Hong
       AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH                                    Kong, the Company established its Internal Control Manual
       LAWS                                                      to ensure that the Company’s operation and management
                                                                 is in compliance with laws and regulations, the assets are
China Telecom governs the corporate in accordance with           secured, and the financial reports and relevant information
laws and regulations, persists in operating in compliance        are accurate and complete. In 2020, the Company made
with laws and integrity through abidance by relevant             constant efforts in improving its Internal Control Manual
laws and regulations and industry regulations. We have           and authority list in accordance with relevant provisions of
established an all-rounded and seamless compliance               the laws and regulations and regulatory authorities, taking
system featuring, among others, internal control, audit          changes in business operations etc. into account. The
supervision, anti-corruption and comprehensive risk              Company has advanced the work of “smart finance”, “smart
management. The Company has established a sound,                 legal affairs” and “smart audit”, and has exploited artificial
long-term and effective communication mechanism in               intelligence and other new technological means to improve
order to regulate the disclosure of corporate information,       its risk prevention capacity. No major violations occurred
and is open to government supervision and public scrutiny.       during the year.

                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020         093
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      In compliance with the Trademark Law of the People’s          its employees as well as relevant criticism, opinions and
      Republic of China, Patent Law of the People’s Republic        recommendations on integrity construction and anti-
      of China and other laws and regulations, the Company          corruption work. The Company strictly implemented
      implemented systems and measures including                    the Work Rules for Discipline and Supervision Organs
      Administrative Measures on Trademark Management               Investigation and Handling of Reports and Accusations,
      of China Telecom Group and Measures for the Patent            handled related accusations and charges in accordance
      Management of China Telecom Group. The Company                with the rules, disciplines and regulations and strictly
      established a sound intellectual property management          put the confidentiality requirements into effect, so as to
      system and strictly protected intellectual property           effectively safeguard the rights of accusers.
      rights. Focusing on the risk of intellectual property
      rights infringement, the Company issued risk alert in a       III.    DEVOTING TO FIGHT AGAINST
      timely manner and organised propaganda to promote                     COVID-19
      the protection and requirements of use of intellectual
      property rights in respect of logos, pictures, fonts and      Since the beginning of 2020, the outbreak of the novel
      audiovisual materials used in operation and management.       coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic (the “Epidemic”)
      The Company organises activities to promote the rule          significantly impacted not only the society, production
      of law and governance, such as the “World Intellectual        and daily lives, but also the business development,
      Property Day” and the “National Intellectual Property         customer service, and network construction and operation
      Rights Promotion Week”, to raise the awareness on             of the Company. The management of the Company
      intellectual property rights among all employees. In 2020,    strengthened overall planning and leadership. Based on
      the Company continuously stepped up patent filing             local conditions, entities at all levels implemented the
      and protection efforts concerning 5G, cloud-network           policies and measures for the Epidemic prevention and
      integration, network and information security etc., and       control at each stage in accordance with the relevant
      enhanced the protection of intellectual property rights of    laws and regulations, proactively fulfilled corporate social
      popular technologies according to the law.                    responsibilities.


      The Company strictly executed the laws and regulations        The Company is devoted to provide support for Hubei
      on integrity governance and anti-corruption and               Province and Wuhan as well as other areas which
      strengthened the development of systems, mechanisms           were severely affected by the Epidemic. The Company
      and culture and other aspects in order to strictly prohibit   immediately initiated Epidemic prevention and control
      the occurrence of any forms of corruption such as bribery,    response mechanism, mobilised the manpower, allocated
      extortion, fraud and money laundering. The Company            Epidemic prevention supplies and focused on assisting
      established and optimised five major mechanisms               emergency support work for severely-affected regions
      including anti-corruption education and prevention,           in Hubei and Wuhan. The Company’s Hubei branch
      system monitoring, discipline and accountability, fault       strived to provide telecommunications assurance for
      tolerance and correction, and inspection and check.           local governments and the medical and healthcare
      We conducted integrity and discipline education,              industry, ensured the overall stable operation of the
      formulated code of conduct such as integrity manual,          medical and healthcare dedicated network and cloud
      and opened a public WeChat account called “China              platforms across the province, and ensured the smooth
      Telecom with Integrity”. We set up a whistleblowing postal    operation of 12345 and 120 hotlines in order to strive to
      mailbox, emails and hotline to address any report of          provide telecommunication guarantee for critical tasks
      whistleblowing allegations and relevant complaints against    such as hospital telemedicine. We quickly launched


094   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                       Corporate Social Responsibility Report




                      Ensured smooth running of network to support Epidemic prevention and control


5G communication for Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital and               communication” and 11 specific categories of employees.
Leishenshan Hospital, and promptly completed the entire-          We set up ledgers for employees and family members
process delivery of the two hospitals’ core systems for           diagnosed with COVID-19, employees with suspected
cloud access. We rapidly completed the network coverage           virus infection, employees whose family members are
of newly-built hospitals in areas such as Huanggang and           among the front-line anti-Epidemic medical workers, and
Xiaogan. In addition, the Company’s Hubei branch strived          employees stranded in Hubei, and assigned the special
to enhance network coverage through various means to              personnel to be responsible for the work of contacting,
cater for the network access needs of vast majority of            care and sympathy. We established the ledgers for the
returning students in rural areas, offered sound support          care of the expatriate employees and their family members
for “suspending classes without suspending learning”. We          in China and the employees’ children studying abroad,
swiftly completed the bandwidth expansion of IPTV, cloud          and conveyed our sympathy to the family members in
platforms and Internet Data Centre in a timely manner             China of the expatriates over the phone. Enterprises
and offered free services such as cloud conference, cloud         at all levels provided Epidemic prevention materials to
office and cloud storage of course materials for education        domestic and overseas branches in an orderly manner,
authorities, universities, teachers and students.                 raised sympathy allowance through multiple channels for
                                                                  consolation related to the Epidemic, and actively solved
The Company strived to safeguard the health and safety            emergencies and difficulties for employees and their
and wellbeing of our employees. We set up a working               families in need. The Company set up a psychological
team for employee care and concern and provided                   care hotline to help employees relieve their psychological
guidance for entities at all levels to strengthen care and        anxiety. Overseas branches developed Epidemic
concern for employees. We provided care for the front-line        prevention and control strategies based on the reality of
staff involved in the “fight against the Epidemic and ensure      the local situation and the specific projects, and calmly
                                                                  responded to the Epidemic to ensure the personal safety
                                                                  and health of their employees.




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      095
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      The Company made great efforts to help the society to              campus recruitment for the year, signing contracts with
      resume work and production. Combining the needs of                 more than 7,000 fresh graduates, and won the praise of
      Epidemic prevention and control and the society’s new              “Top 100 Best Employers in 2020” by Zhaopin and “2020
      demand for informatisation services, we fully leveraged            Chinese College Students’ Favorite Employers” by 51Job.
      advantages of cloud-network integration, provided
      a variety of informatisation applications and services             The Company strived to provide excellent customer
      including e-Surfing Cloud, Cloud Conference, Cloud                 services. In response to the Epidemic, the Company
      Streaming, Cloud Classroom, Cloud Dam, e-Surfing                   promptly launched more than 20 service initiatives such
      Push-to-Talk, e-Surfing Webcam and e-Surfing Speaker,              as non-termination of services, public service and welfare
      e-Surfing Monitoring Platform for Epidemic Prevention              messages, quick activation for key assurance functions
      and long distance telemedicine counselling system, and             and caller display name cards in a timely manner. We also
      promoted 5G informatisation applications such as 5G+VR,            strengthened service management and enhanced online
      5G+ thermal imaging temperature measurement/intelligent            service capabilities through electronic channels. The
      disinfection vehicle, so as to help Epidemic prevention and        customer service centre “Hotline 10000” implemented
      control and the resumption of work, production business            a work-from-home policy and we steadily promoted the
      and school. The informatisation applications such as               resumption of operation of physical stores on the basis of
      e-Surfing Monitoring Platform for Epidemic Prevention and          implementing Epidemic prevention and control measures
      long distance telemedicine counselling system provided             at differential regional and hierarchical levels, so as to
      by China Telecom have played a significant role in helping         ensure customer services would not be interrupted and
      fight against the Epidemic, and have been highly praised           customer perception is assured. We also strengthened
      by the society, and the 5G “cloud supervision” has                 network information security to protect users’ personal
      won widespread praise. In response to the call of the              information.
      government, the Company was actively stabilising and
      expanding employment. The Company overfulfilled its




                 Provided effective communications assurance during the Epidemic for hospitals and other key locations




096   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report




The Company commended the anti-Epidemic frontrunners          Building new type of information infrastructure of
and touching deeds of fighting the Epidemic. In the fight     cloud-network integration
against the Epidemic, cadres and employees were on            In order to fully implement the new development
the front-lines making due contributions to ensuring          philosophy, China Telecom carried out co-building and
the smooth operation of the national economy, social          co-sharing of 5G network nationwide with China Unicom,
stability and Epidemic prevention and control, leading to     accelerated the construction of 5G network capabilities
the emergence of a large number of advanced groups            with the number of 5G base stations in use exceeding
who have overcome difficulties, made innovations and          380,000, achieved continuous outdoor coverage of 343
remarkable achievements, as well as advanced individuals      cities in China and completed the world’s largest 5G co-
who have the courage to take on responsibility, fear no
                                                              building and sharing network. Adhering to SA as the lead,
difficulties and sacrifice. China Telecom received one
                                                              the Company promoted the maturity of the SA industry
national group commendation and two national individual
                                                              chain, took the lead in formulating and releasing the
commendations at Awards Ceremony for COVID-19
                                                              “5G SA Implementation Guidelines” all over the world,
Fighters. The Company commended 24 groups and 34
                                                              promoted the integrated development of 5G technology,
individuals for their outstanding performance in Epidemic
                                                              and pioneered in building the world’s largest 5G SA
prevention and control.
                                                              network and commenced the commercial launch. With the
                                                              continuous promotion of fibre network construction, the
The Company made due efforts to ensure effective routine
                                                              Company has practically and primarily achieved optical
Epidemic prevention and control. Thus far, the COVID-19
                                                              network coverage in 21 provinces (autonomous regions
Epidemic is still spreading around the world, with cases
                                                              and municipalities directly under the central government)
and local outbreaks in China from time to time. In
response to the Epidemic, the Company conscientiously         in southern China, and deployed gigabit networks in

implements the requirements of governments at all             280 cities nationwide. In accelerating the pace of IDC

levels, coordinates Epidemic prevention and control in        construction, the Company added 55,000 cabinets and
the domestic and overseas, and resolutely “prevent the        35,000 cloud resource pool servers. The Company has
coronavirus from re-entering the country to cause a new       completed the connection of all e-Surfing cloud resource
Epidemic”. The Company has coordinated the prevention         pools with CN2-DCI and government-enterprise OTN
and control of the Epidemic as well as the economic           networks, and established the shortest optical cable and
and social development to support the development of          transmission system between neighboring provinces and
various sectors and industries with high-quality integrated   cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and Yangtze River
information services.                                         Delta region. The average delay of ChinaNet decreased
                                                              by 2.2ms compared with that at the end of 2019. Among
IV. PROVIDING HIGH QUALITY                                    them, the delay between neighboring provinces and cities
    NETWORK ASSURANCE                                         in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta
                                                              region and other regions dropped to less than 3ms, so
China Telecom promoted the new infrastructure                 as to provide ubiquitous, high-speed and low-delay basic
construction including 5G, data center and Internet           network guarantee for all kinds of customers access to
of Things, promoted universal services, maintained            the cloud and inter-cloud business. The Company initiated
network information security and assured emergency            the construction of Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) and
communications in order to provide high quality network
                                                              promoted the “Cloud Edge” collaboration.
assurance for customers and economic and social
development.


                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       097
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      Promoting universal services                                  actively cooperate with government authorities to combat
      The Company continuously promotes the construction of         cybercrimes and decontaminate the cyberspace.
      communication networks in rural areas. The Company has
      set up local services points for rural villages adapting to   During the year, the Company laid a solid security
      local conditions and proactively promoted informatisation     foundation for cloud-network integration, built on security
      applications and e-commerce development in rural areas        guarantee capabilities, expanded security products and
      to promote the prosperity of rural villages. The Company      services, systematically sorted out more than 60 key
      vigorously carries out network poverty alleviation by         security products and launched a batch of new products
      accelerating the promotion of universal service projects      such as trusted call, security guarder, privacy sentry and
      in remote and impoverished villages and improving the         5G encrypted call. We promoted the security converged
      broadband access coverage in those areas. During              cloud, aligned e-Surfing Cloud and Group IT Cloud with
      the year, the fifth batch of universal services and the       the national standards for network security protection,
      construction of around 7,000 4G base stations were            and realised the security capability coverage of Content
      completed; The Company has fulfilled the industrial goal      Delivery Network (CDN) edge nodes. We advanced the
      of providing broadband access to more than 90% of the         synchronous development of 5G and security, accelerated
      registered poverty-stricken villages in the “Three Regions    the cultivation of security capabilities, and acquired the
      and Three Prefectures” (the “Three Regions” refer to the      ability to export security capabilities on demand. The
      Tibet Autonomous Region, four prefectures in southern         Company improved the network information security
      Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and Tibetan-                management and security capabilities, established
      inhabited regions in Qinghai, Sichuan, Yunnan and Gansu       Chief Network Security Officer in the headquarters and
      provinces, while the “Three Prefectures” refer to Linxia      subordinate units, and initially established an expert
      Autonomous Prefecture in Gansu Province, Liangshan            technical team aimed to maintain the network information
      Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan Province and Nujiang         security. The Company strengthened the real-time
      Autonomous Prefecture in Yunnan Province) as set by the       management of the Internet exposure, actively carried
      Ministry of Industry and Information Technology ahead of      out special actions against pornography and illegal
      schedule.                                                     publications, and continued to step up the establishment
                                                                    of the two-level dispatch and disposal system at the
      Maintaining network information security                      headquarters and provincial branches, in order to
      The Company complies with the Cybersecurity Law               promptly respond and deal with illegal and undesirable
      of the People’s Republic of China and other laws and          information. The Company strengthened the protection of
      regulatory requirements, conscientiously implements the       personal data, and carried on the special governance and
      requirements of the Ministry of Industry and Information      regular inspection of the illegal collection and use of users’
      Technology, Ministry of Public Security and other             personal data by APP.
      authorities on network and information security. We




098   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                     Corporate Social Responsibility Report




                                         5G emergency communications assurance




Assuring emergency communications                                 The Company is truly committed to the mission of
In accordance with the Code of Practice for Emergency             providing safe and smooth communications assurance
Communication Support Response of China Telecom and               and is devoted to fight against a number of severe natural
the Plan Template of Organising Communication Support             disasters such as earthquakes, typhoons, floods and
for Major Disasters of Provincial Companies of China              landslides and to safeguard important events. During
Telecom, the Company developed emergency plans for                the year, we made every effort to ensure emergency
handling natural disasters, organised emergency drills            communications in Hubei, Wuhan and other areas most
and pre-deployed emergency equipment, anti-disaster               affected by the Epidemic, and completed flood and
materials and emergency repair teams based on climate             typhoon-relief and other disaster relief in the provinces
conditions and the severity of the disaster, so as to ensure      such as Hubei, Jiangxi, Anhui, Yunnan, Chongqing,
that emergency support can be provided swiftly, timely            Sichuan and Zhejiang. We also successfully provided
and efficiently in case of disasters. Enterprises at all levels   telecommunications assurance for important events
established leading groups for dealing with disastrous            including the 3rd China International Import Expo, the
weather and major events, and, by graded responsibilities,        128th China Import and Export Fair (Online Canton Fair),
identified the responsible persons and contacts for               World Internet Conference and 5G+ Industrial Internet
assuring communications for flood control and drought-            Conference. During the year, more than 146,000 person-
relief efforts. Equipment and supplies were properly              times, 55,000 vehicle-times and 29,000 set-times of
prepared, and regularly inspected and maintained. Taking          communication equipment were deployed for emergency
the support demand within the entire network, solid efforts       communications.
were made in technical support, material maintenance
and inspection, resource consolidation, circuit testing and
other supports to ensure that the portable emergency
communication devices such as satellite phones in all
provinces could be available at any time.




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     099
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      V.     PROVIDING HEARTFELT                                    perfects the users’ personal information protection

             SERVICES TO CUSTOMERS                                  management system, and strengthens the protection
                                                                    of users’ personal information. In 2020, the Company

      China Telecom has a profound understanding of the             thoroughly implemented the Administrative Measures

      customers’ needs. While being dedicated to providing          of China Telecom on Security Management of Personal

      customers with various communication and information          Information of Users and the Administrative Measures

      application businesses, the Company focuses on                of China Telecom on Information Security Management

      protecting customer rights in accordance with the law,        of Users and other systems and supervised enterprises

      continuously strengthens service awareness, enhances          at all levels to implement the division of responsibility on

      the construction of service capability and comprehensively    protection of users’ personal information. We regulated

      fosters a brand image of “Trustworthy China Telecom”.         behaviours of collecting, storing, transmitting, using
                                                                    and destroying user information and strictly controlled

      Protecting the rights of customers in accordance              the authorisation for sales staff to access and process

      with laws                                                     customers account information in order to “collect

      The Company strictly conforms to the laws and regulations     information for a proper purpose, store and use the

      regarding consumer rights and interests such as Law of        information properly, record the use of information,

      the People’s Republic of China on Protection of Consumer      and investigate the abuse of power”. We thoroughly

      Rights and Interests and Advertising Law of the People’s      implemented the systems including the Rules for the

      Republic of China, dedicates to provide products and          Collection and Use of Personal Information for APP of

      services in compliance with laws and regulations, performs    China Telecom and the Administrative Measures for the

      compliance checks on advertisement campaigns and              Compliance Management on the Collection and Use of

      continuously standardises business tariff management.         Personal Information of APP for our Customers to tighten

      The Company listens to subscribers’ opinions via channels     up compliance management concerning the collection

      like “Hotline 10000”, online and physical stores, etc., and   and use of personal information by APP and continuously

      continuously carries out events such as “Customer Rights      improve the compliance level of APP. Taking a solid and

      Day”, “General Manager’s Service Day” and “Listen to          holistic governance approach, the Company kept a close

      Hotline 10000”.                                               eye on the bottom line problems infringing users’ rights,
                                                                    such as telecommunication fraud, crank calls and junk

      The Company strictly complies with the Cybersecurity          short messages. Compared to the industry average, the

      Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws          Company had a relatively low number of crank calls and

      and regulatory requirements, implements the relevant          junk short messages reported by the Ministry of Industry

      regulatory requirements of the government, continuously       and Information Technology.




100   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report




In response to customers’ feedback on services, the           reflected in customer satisfaction surveys, customer
Company made serious analysis and research and                complaints, malfunction and complaints throughout
actively promoted problem solving. In each quarter            the year, and implemented policies and promoted the
of 2020, a detailed study was conducted on service-           rectification of broadband network in different provinces,
related complaints that affected user perception, and in-     such as home network, metropolitan and backbone
depth analysis was carried out on typical service cases,      network, content access and international network and
rectification was conducted based on thematic studies         other links of broadband network. As regards mobile
on key and difficult problems reported by customers,          network, the Company has carried out improvement and
such as remote service, cloud-network support and             upgrading actions for the benchmarking experience of
outbound marketing. The Company carried on tracking           critical scenes in key areas and communities with poor
and analysing the subscribers’ complaints in the process      communication quality to enhance user perception and
of mobile number portability service and made timely          experience, and the complaint rate of 5G subscribers has
standardisation and rectification in hoping for keeping       decreased significantly compared with the same period
the amount and rate of complaints of mobile number            last year. As regards cloud-network key perception,
portability service at a low level in the industry.           the Company has promoted standard optimisation,
                                                              perception evaluation and targeted improvement of
Enhancing services capabilities                               service capabilities, and increased the delivery satisfaction
Insisting on the customer-oriented principle, the             rate of government and enterprise customers to over
Company continued to enhance service quality. In 2020,        93%.
the evaluation system of “whether service is good or
not, subscribers have the final say” was established.         Adhering to the principle of “wherever the subscriber
The Company applied indicators such as subscribers            is, the service is”, the Company continued to promote
satisfaction, product net promoter score and contact          the digital transformation of services and improve the
service satisfaction rate, and regarded customer              smart service capabilities. During the year, the Company
reputation as a service evaluation criterion to promote the   deployed and promoted the “home customer service”
improvement of service quality. The Company established       mode, taking the lead in launching remote counter video
a sound customer perception experience and evaluation         service by innovative means, to ensure that customers
mechanism to recognise problems in network, products          could process services easily and without leaving
and services from the perspective of subscribers.             home. The Company’s intelligent voice navigation has
Focusing on key products such as 5G and Smart Family,         achieved full coverage in 31 provinces, accounting for
and aiming at major issues such as broadband installation     54% of intelligent services. The Company established the
and maintenance, online channel services, the Company         operation system of new media customer service matrix,
performed 19 intensive experiences at the headquarters        with 167 million followers of new media accounts such as
and more than 300 experiences at provincial branches,         WeChat, Weibo and Douyin, and 200 million self-service
aimed at in-depth analysis of service shortcomings            volume per month, and was awarded the “2020 Most
and clarified optimisation and improvement measures           Influential Second-tier New Media Account of State-owned
by brainstorming. In terms of broadband network, the          Enterprises” by the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Company has closely tracked and analysed the problems         Administration Commission of the State Council.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        101
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      VI. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES                                     clearly determines the employment form of each role,
                                                                   standardises the designated agreements signed with

      China Telecom safeguards the interests of its employees      agency workers, checks and supervises these dispatch

      in accordance with laws, attaches great importance to        units and dispatch workers to sign employment contracts,

      building harmonious labour relations, supports labour        and pays remuneration and social security insurances in a

      unions in carrying out their functions, encourages           timely manner in order to protect the rights and interests

      employees to participate in the management and actively      of contract or agency workers. The Company adheres

      helps employees to improve their capabilities, so that the   to principles of gender equality and equal pay for equal

      Company and the employees can grow together.                 work, protects the privacy of employees in accordance
                                                                   with laws and implements the paid annual leave system.

      Safeguarding the rights of employees in compliance           The Company prohibits child labour and forced labour in

      with laws                                                    accordance with laws. In 2020, no child labour or forced

      The Company strictly complies with and implements            labour was found. The Company supports the labour

      the relevant laws and regulations regarding labour           unions in carrying out their functions in accordance with

      and protection of the employees’ rights and interests        laws, encourages employee participation in management

      including the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of         and continuously establishes stable and harmonious

      China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic      relationship with the employees.

      of China and the Trade Union Law of the People’s
      Republic of China, and protects the rights and interests     Promoting employees’ development

      of employees with respect to labour rights, democracy        The Company strengthens the development of

      rights and spiritual culture rights in accordance with       management talent team. The Company actively takes

      the laws. The Company strictly implements the Notice         measures to choose good cadres, allocate strong teams

      on Standardisation of Labour Management in Strict            and gather talents, adheres to performance orientation

      Compliance with the Labour Contract Law of the People’s      and grassroots orientation, lays emphasis on identifying

      Republic of China, improves labour management, and           and selecting cadres in urgent, difficult, dangerous and

      conducts workforce employment in accordance with             important tasks, and vigorously select and train excellent

      laws and regulations. The Company also ensures that          young cadres. The Company continues to improve the

      all contract employees have their labour contracts           management team structure at all levels to enhance the

      signed and their remunerations and social security           vitality of the cadre talent team, organises specialised

      insurances paid in full and in a timely manner. The          training courses for cadres, increases exchanges and job

      Company continually implements the Notice on Issues          rotation among cadres, assists cadres in improving their

      concerning Labour Dispatch Management, improves the          competence, strengthens oversight and management of

      business operation models and job role classification,       cadres and promotes anti-corruption practices.




102   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                     Corporate Social Responsibility Report




The Company strengthens the development of                        The Company strengthens employees’ training. In 2020,
professional talent team, and actively introduces well-           the Company continued to strengthen the development
established specialists in cloud-network integration, 5G          of internal trainers, more than 678 internal trainers at
MEC, network information security, Internet finance, etc.         the group level and more than 775 internal trainers on
through the formulation of special policies. The Company          probation at the group level were recruited and more
formulates the Guiding Opinions on the Construction of            than 210,000 hours of lectures were delivered by more
Government and Enterprise Industry Expert Team to meet            than 13,000 internal trainers at all levels. The Company
the needs of the reform and development of government             actively responded to the Epidemic, carried out online
and enterprise industry business groups. The Company              learning and training based on the Online College, and
accelerates the construction of expert talent team for            implemented well-targeted training courses to improve the
industrial informatisation application, Big Data, AI and          ability of employees at all levels and positions according
cloud-network operation, and cultivates professional and          to the training needs, so as to accurately empower
high-level talent through the constant implementation             frontline employees. More than 220,000 people studied
of programs such as “Spark Program” and “Prairie Fire             in the Online College and the average learning time per
Program”. In line with the development needs of overseas          employee exceeded 50 hours.
business, the Company cultivates international talents to
support Philippine Mobile Communication Operation and             The Company actively facilitates employees to develop
other relevant projects.                                          skills and increase their values. The Company makes
                                                                  consistent efforts to build innovation workshop and
The Company strengthens the construction of front-line            vigorously encourages employees in job innovation.
skilled talents team. Taking into account the needs of the        Within the year, 29 group level demonstration innovation
grassroots, the Company launches a series of practical            workshops were established and 35 innovation
training programs, such as “comprehensively strengthen            workshops at and above the group level were rewarded.
the training of cloud-network integration talents at the          By the end of the year, the Company had established a
prefectural and municipal levels”, and vigorously conducts        total of more than 1,300 innovation workshops of various
training of skilled talents to empower front-line employees.      types, including 5 national-level Outstanding Innovation
The Company revises the administrative measures of skill          Workshops for the Model Workers and Craftsman, 4
certification and organises 41 kinds of skill certification and   industry-level innovation workshops, and more than 150
2 professional examinations, covering more than 100,000           innovation workshops named by provincial and prefectural
person-times, and carries out tests for Smart Family              labour unions. The Company won more than 700 national
engineers, service specialists and 5G specialists, covering       and provincial achievement awards, and applied for nearly
more than 470,000 person-times.                                   1,000 invention patents and utility model patents. Based
                                                                  on the corporate strategies and business development,
                                                                  the Company organised and launched 15 competition
                                                                  activities to promote production and transformation
                                                                  through competition, sourced innovative talents, and
                                                                  promoted the rapid replication and implementation of
                                                                  successful projects.




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     103
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      The Company vigorously promotes and encourages                 and emergency prevention techniques. The Company
      the spirit of model workers. In 2020, the Company won          strengthened the safety management of engineering
      282 national, ministerial and provincial-level honors of a     projects, strictly implemented licences obtaining system
      general and specialised nature, including 88 national-level    for special operation employees, perfected the accidents
      honors and 194 ministerial and provincial-level honors.        emergency drill and strengthened emergency drills. In
      27 employees won the honorary title of “National Model         2020, there was no occurrence of severe work-related
      Worker” in 2020, setting a record high and fully attesting     casualties and accidents.
      to the high recognition of China Telecom employees by
      government at all levels and the society as a whole. The       The Company attaches great importance to occupational
      Company publicises the deeds of model workers and tells        health and safety management of its employees and
      the stories of model workers in an all-round way through       formulated the Interim Provisions on “Simultaneous
      multiple channels, showing the elegant demeanour               Execution of Three Aspects” of Occupational Safety,
      of China Telecom’s employees to the entire society,            Hygiene Facilities and Main Construction Projects
      and motivating the majority of employees to vigorously         and the Interim Provisions on Personal Protective
      promote the spirit of model workers.                           Equipment for Employees, organising supervision and
                                                                     inspections on the work sites of our employees regularly,
      Enhancing production safety and health and safety              supervising the design and installation units to design
      management                                                     and install in accordance with the standards including
      The Company conscientiously and strictly implements            for indoor lighting, noise, temperature and humidity
      the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of                and continuously improving the workplace environment
      China, coordinates the prevention and control of the           and work conditions, thus effectively eliminating the
      Epidemic and production and work safety during                 occurrences of occupational illness. The Company
      the resumption of production, fully fulfills the core          conducts on-site inspections from time to time, urges
      responsibilities for corporate safety production, develops     units to allocate necessary protective equipment for
      sound accountability systems, implements safety                workers in accordance with the relevant requirements and
      responsibilities at all levels, strictly implements safety     standards and supervises workers to wear and use the
      production assessment and punishment system and                protective equipment properly. The Company attaches
      continually solidifies the foundation of safety production     great importance to the physical and mental health of
      management. The Company continually carries out                employees. Every year, the Company provides free
      supervision and check on the safety production of the          medical examinations for all employees. The Company
      units and professional categories, and prevents safety         continuously conducts counselling activities concerning
      risks by class and level, so as to timely eliminate hazards.   mental health of the employees and assistance work, and
      The Company widely promotes training and publicity of          proactively helps the employees reduce their stress and
      production safety regulations and safety knowledge and         pressures.
      persistently increases the employees’ awareness on safety




104   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




Caring for employees’ well-being                                  VII. PRACTICING GREEN
The Company perfects the closed-loop management                        DEVELOPMENT
mechanism from gathering, analysing, processing and
giving feedback to understand employees’ needs and                China Telecom complies with the Environmental Protection
establishes communication channels such as seminars,              Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Energy
surveys, visiting employees’ family, frontline visits, face-to-   Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China
face communication, reception visits, handling incoming           and other laws and regulations related to environmental
mail or email, striving to enhance communication and              protection, practises the concept of green development
to thoroughly understand the thoughts, working and                and proactively devotes itself to the establishment of
living conditions of employees as well as the hot topics          ecological civilisation. The Company endeavours to
and problems that the employees most care about.                  build a green network, pushes forward green operation,
Enterprises at all levels actively helped the employees           sets up environmental indicators, analyses and releases
solve practical problems or difficulties through regularising     collected performance data on a regular basis, proactively
visits, responding to hot issues, helping employees in need       communicates with the society of its environmental
and other measures. We provided convenient services               protection actions and effectiveness and willingly opens
to employees and strengthened our care for outstanding            itself to public scrutiny. The Company carried out
model workers, young employees and outsourced                     publicity activities of energy conservation and emission
employees. During the year, the Company tracked and               reduction in various forms to enhance the awareness
guided all 110 grassroots units at an elevation of 3,500          and consciousness of energy conservation and emission
meters or above in five provinces including Tibet to              reduction of its employees and the public. There was no
construct oxygen supply facilities, improving the working         violation of environmental protection laws and regulations
and living conditions of employees in high altitude areas.        as well as no incident having a material impact on the
The Company continually optimised the operation of “Four-         environment caused by the Company during the year.
Smalls”, namely small canteens, small bathrooms, small
washrooms and small activity rooms, in order to improve           In response to the national requirements of “reaching a
service ability and enrich service contents in the catering       peak on carbon dioxide emissions and carbon neutrality”,
quality, working environment, activity conditions, quality        the Company implements the dual control strategy of
of life and other aspects. The Company continually built          energy consumption and puts total energy consumption
infant rooms according to the special needs of female             and energy intensity under strict control. In the future, the
employees, organised cultural and sports activities in            Company will accelerate the pace of adjusting the energy
which the employees were interested, assisting employees          use structure, increase the use proportion of clean energy,
in achieving work-life balance and increasing their well-         control the comprehensive energy consumption and the
being.                                                            comprehensive energy consumption per unit information
                                                                  flow, in order to ensure the continuous decline of the
                                                                  comprehensive energy consumption per unit information
                                                                  flow, and strive to achieve the carbon emission peak by
                                                                  2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060.




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        105
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      Promoting energy conservation and emission                   In 2020, against the backdrop of vigorous development
      reduction                                                    of “new infrastructure” and the rapid construction of
      The Company implemented measures such as the                 5G networks and with “dual control” on total energy
      Administrative Measures of China Telecom on Energy           consumption and energy consumption intensity as the
      Conservation and Emission Reduction. Through means           basic requirement, the company worked out a rolling
      like rules and regulations, work plans, work deployment,     plan for energy conservation and emission reduction
      communication and trainings, assessment and evaluation,      for the next three years to support the coordinated
      energy saving promotion etc., the Company applies energy     development of various energy conservation and emission
      conservation and emission reduction requirements to link     reduction tasks. The Company refined the evaluation,
      through various operational activities such as network       reward and punishment system, strictly controlled the
      planning, procurement, construction, operation and office    growth of total energy consumption and the PUE (power
      administration. The Company strengthened its efforts         usage effectiveness) value of large– and super-large
      in monitoring measurements on energy consumption,            data centers. While ensuring the orderly development
      organised training and exchanges on energy conservation      of energy conservation and emission reduction using
      and emission reduction, constantly raised the professional   its self-owned special funds, the Company actively
      level of grassroots personnel, and continued to promote      introduced social capital and technology to realise the
      innovation in energy conservation and emission reduction     technical transformation through the continuous use of
      management. The Company insisted on preferring the use       the energy management contracting mode. The Company
      of energy-efficient and environmental-friendly technology    vigorously promoted the energy-saving experience
      and equipment, actively carried out research and             and best practices for intelligent shutdown technology
      application of new technologies for energy conservation      of large 4G base stations, and improved the energy
      and emission reduction and applied energy-saving             consumption efficiency of 4G wireless base stations, in
      technologies in the facilities of machine rooms, base        order to actively explore energy-saving measures for 5G
      stations and data centers, extended the coverage of the      base stations. The Company made constant efforts in
      energy-saving technological application and promoted the     withdrawing inefficient equipment and machine room from
      upgrade, transformation and withdrawal of old and high       the network, promoting the configuration optimisation of
      energy-consuming equipment. The Company endeavours           basic supporting facilities of machine room, eliminating
      to reduce energy consumptions of all kinds as well as        redundancy and reducing allocations, so as to minimise
      greenhouse gas emission.                                     power consumption and improve power efficiency. In
                                                                   2020, the unit energy consumption per information flow
                                                                   was 4.61 kgce/TB, representing a decrease of 6.1% over
                                                                   last year.




106   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report




Conservation of natural resources                             The Company enhances the recycling, disposal and
The Company promotes water conservation, strives to           utilisation of waste and used materials in order to conserve
reduce water consumption per unit operating revenue,          resources as much as possible and reduce environmental
actively promotes and advocates water conservation by         pollution. The Company strictly follows the Law on the
posting reminders regarding water conservation near           Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused
water facilities and appliances. The Company continually      by Solid Wastes of the People’s Republic of China and
strengthens the management on water usage, carries            other laws and regulations regarding waste disposal and
out sewage disposal and treatment, promotes the reuse         utilisation and carries out waste disposal in accordance
of water, actively uses reclaimed water as an alternative     with regulatory requirements. The Company implemented
source of water in place of tap water while meeting the       the Administrative Measures of China Telecom on Reverse
requirements on use of water, promotes and popularise         Logistics and the Administrative Measures of China
the use of water-saving appliances and performs regular       Telecom on Waste and Idle Recycling and Disposal,
checks and repairs on each part of the water supply           specified the guidelines, division of responsibilities and
system to prevent occurrences of water leakage and            management of the recycling and disposal of waste
water wastage. In 2020, the total water consumption           materials and the qualifications of recyclers, standardised
decreased by 5.66 million tons over last year, representing   the forms and procedures of disposal, and refined the
a decrease of 13.6% compared to last year while the           approval authority and process of disposal decisions to
water consumption per unit operating revenue decreased        effectively prevent disposal risks. The Company formulated
by 17.5% over last year.                                      the incentive policy for cleaning up idle materials which
                                                              specified the incentive standards, and encouraged all
The Company encourages paper saving by actively               levels of enterprises to actively dispose, recycle and
promoting reduction of paper use in operation and office      utilise the waste and used materials based on actual
facilities sites. The Company promotes measurements           circumstances and relevant regulatory requirements. In
on its paper use. The amount of paper used in 2020            2020, the Company continually enhanced the professional
was approximately 5,000 tons. The Company, from               management of waste, promoted the recycling, utilisation
the perspectives of technology and regulations, actively      and harmless disposal of such waste and old materials
encourages paper saving and reduces paper use.                such as batteries, copper cable and devices. Since
We continually promoted electronic accounting files           traditional lead-acid batteries contain large amounts of
management, VAT electronic invoice, e-reimbursement           heavy metal, waste acid, waste alkali and other electrolyte
and filing of e-invoice and paperless operation, and          solutions, the batteries will pollute the environment if
promoted automatic process of tax declaration in order to     handled inappropriately. The Company, on the one hand,
reduce the use of paper.                                      conducted overall on-site inspection of environmental
                                                              protection practices of the battery suppliers, and




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       107
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      continually purchased green and energy-saving products         In the area of construction impact, areas such as mineral
      such as lithium iron phosphate batteries; and on the other     reserves, forest, grasslands, wildlife habitats, natural and
      hand, the Company established a management system              cultural relics, natural reserves and scenery areas are
      for battery recycling and disposal to prevent pollution to     intentionally avoided when conducting routing roll-out
      the environment. The Company arranged waste copper             deployment for fibre cables, so as to avoid changing the
      cables to third parties for recycling and disposal. The        surrounding environment as much as possible.
      Company implemented wireline terminals closed-loop
      management and strengthened the recycling and reuse            In the area of electromagnetic radiation, the Company
      of equipment through measures such as refurbishment            monitors and assesses the electromagnetic radiation
      and cross provincial re-allocation, etc. Waste and used        around the base station, enhances communication with
      materials without recoverable value were properly              the community, opens itself to public scrutiny, strictly
      disposed of in strict accordance with national regulations     controls the quality of network equipment by imposing
      after taking full account of the environmental impact. In      controls from the source and actively takes advanced
      2020, the Company recycled and disposed of various             technical means to refine the layout of base station,
      types of waste and used materials over 90,000 tons.            ensuring the emission standard is stricter than the national
                                                                     emission standards.
      Emphasising environmental protection in engineering
      construction                                                   Promoting co-building and co-sharing of communication
      The Company has taken proactive environmental protection       infrastructure
      measures regarding issues in telecommunications                The Company earnestly implemented the implementation
      engineering construction responding to concerns                measures of promotion of co-building and co-sharing
      of the government and the public, such as farmland             of telecommunications infrastructure promulgated by
      protection, equipment pollution, construction impact and       the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and
      electromagnetic radiation to ensure compliance with the        the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      government’s regulatory requirements and to actively           Commission of the State Council. We closely worked with
      communicate with the public.                                   other telecommunications operators and China Tower
                                                                     Corporation Limited and actively promoted the co-building
      In the area of farmland protection, the existing residence     and co-sharing of communication infrastructures such
      and barren land will be preferred in site selection for base   as base stations, channels and pole lines, to effectively
      stations, in order to minimise the occupation of additional    reduce repeated construction in order to protect the
      farmland as much as possible.                                  natural environment and landscape, and to reduce the
                                                                     land use, energy, and raw materials consumption. In
      In the area of equipment pollution, non-polluting              2020, while deepening the co-building and co-sharing
      equipment with no noise and no electromagnetic radiation       of 5G networks with China Unicom, we fully leveraged
      and free of pollutants is preferred.                           the complementary advantages of both sides’ network
                                                                     resources, actively carried out the construction and
                                                                     sharing of 4G network, and opened about 170,000 base
                                                                     stations. In 2020, the Company provided more than
                                                                     11,900 kilometres of co-shared pole line and more than
                                                                     1,300 kilometres of co-shared pipeline.



108   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                   Corporate Social Responsibility Report




VIII. PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE                                     and evaluation of suppliers in procurement evaluation so as

      SUPPLY CHAIN                                              to encourage the suppliers to improve their services and
                                                                performance. The Company carried out the information

The Company strictly follows the Bidding Law of the             sharing mechanism of illegal and discredited suppliers

People’s Republic of China and procurement-related              with major domestic basic telecommunications operators,

laws and regulations, implemented regulations such              and implemented the newly formulated Interim Provisions

as the Administrative Measures of China Telecom on              on Supplier Misconduct of China Telecom and Interim

Procurement, consistently adhered to supply chain               Provisions on Grading Management of Procurement

management concepts focusing on value-added,                    Suppliers of China Telecom. For outstanding suppliers,

transparent and green procurement, committed to                 the Company adopted incentive measures such as

a trusted relationship with suppliers to achieve win-           publishing lists, increasing the upfront payment proportion

win situations and actively communicated with and               and prioritising payment. For unqualified suppliers, the

encouraged its suppliers to fulfill social responsibilities     Company took disciplinary measures such as urging

together.                                                       improvement and restricting procurement. The Company
                                                                took disciplinary measures such as degradation,

In 2020, the Company strictly complied with requirements        adjustment of procurement amount, restrictions on

of regulations such as the Administrative Measures              procurement, and ban on procurement against suppliers

of China Telecom on the Procurement Bidding and                 with bad behaviors. Through the listing of management

Tendering, the Administrative Measures of China Telecom         methods, the objectification of identification standards

on Tendering Agency and Administrative Measures of              and the openness of processing rules, the Company has

China Telecom on Tender Evaluation Expert and the Pool          gradually built a supplier management system integrating

of Tender Evaluation Experts, and the Regulations on            positive incentive and negative punishment in order for

the Participation of Suppliers in Procurement Activities of     enhancing suppliers’ performance awareness of services,

China Telecom, and constantly promotes open bidding             and promoting suppliers’ good faith in cooperation.

and transparent procurement. The Company ensured
bidding process for 100% of the projects which it ought         The Company actively encourages the supply chain to

to have used bidding process for as required by law.            jointly respond to climate change, constantly promotes

The Company implemented the requirements such                   the application of green procurement indicators in the

as the Administrative Measures of China Telecom on              procurement process and preferentially purchases

Quality of the Purchased Materials and the Administrative       resource saving and environmentally friendly products.

Measures of China Telecom on Inspection for the                 We included environmental impact factors into the

Quality of the Purchased Materials in order to improve          procurement evaluation and adopted environmental

the mechanism for selecting and reviewing suppliers             assessment standards such as ISO14000 Environmental

including pre-purchase inspections by reviewing                 Management System Certification, Environmental Impact

suppliers’ qualifications, conducting site visits and product   Assessment Report issued by the government and

evaluation reviews, and post-purchase inspections by            the “Green Factory” list of the Ministry of Industry and

testing the quality of the products upon arrival, quality       Information Technology, so as to identify and control

checks, post-purchase review of suppliers and day-to-           the products that may pose environmental risks during

day evaluation. The Company continuously enhanced the           the production process and encourage suppliers to

application of procurement data from quality inspection         enhance their awareness and capability of environmental



                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      109
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Social Responsibility Report




      protection. Regarding the investigation of suppliers,
      whether the production wastes are treated in a green
      way and are discharged as per standards, environmental
      assessment report, environmental monitoring report
      and other information are incorporated in the scope of
      investigation; As for supplier evaluation, corporate social
      responsibility (including energy conservation and emission
      reduction) is included in the evaluation index system; In
      the management of suppliers’ misconduct, the suppliers’
      baneful influence caused by environmental problems are
      included into “serious misconduct” for management, and
                                                                           Management proactively took part in poverty
      disciplinary measures such as degradation, reducing and              alleviation work and conducted research in
      canceling procurement amount, restriction and ban on                 remote areas

      procurement are imposed as the case may be.                     achieve the target of poverty eradication in all respects in
                                                                      2020. China Telecom adhered to the two-step approach
      IX. PARTICIPATION IN SOCIAL                                     of “poverty alleviation and fighting against Epidemic”,
          WELFARE ACTIVITIES                                          continuously increased investment in talents, funds,
                                                                      projects and other aspects and made solid progress in
      The Company enthusiastically participates in social welfare     poverty alleviation tasks. Collaborating with the parent
      activities. We implement the Welfare Donations Law of the       company, the Company further promoted the network
      People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations       poverty alleviation, and improved the broadband access
      and the Administrative Measures on Donation of China            level of the severely impoverished areas and villages in the
      Telecom Group under the principles of “voluntariness,           “Three Regions and Three Prefectures”; The Company
      clear responsibility, action within capabilities, honesty and   implemented preferential packages and terminal policies
      trustworthiness”, support the development of technology,        for targeted poverty alleviation, opened all kinds of
      education, culture, sports and healthcare through various       informatisation cloud platforms free of charge, assisted
      ways, and actively help the vulnerable, disabled and            in resumption of business and production activities
      disadvantaged. The Company encourages its employees             and reopening of schools, and achieved a cumulative
      to carry forward the spirit of volunteerism, and actively       reduction of communication costs of more than RMB1
      participates in volunteering activities of different kinds.     billion; The Company innovatively created a sustainable
                                                                      poverty alleviation model of “industry + employment +
      The Company makes great efforts to fulfill the annual           consumption”, introduced free assistance funds to support
      targets for poverty alleviation in 2020. Out of China           related projects, and advocated subscribers and cadres
      Telecom’s 6 targeted counties for poverty alleviation and       to carry out poverty alleviation through consumption of
      offer of support and assistance, five of them are located       more than RMB180 million. During the year, 4 targeted
      in deeply impoverished areas in the “Three Regions and          counties for poverty alleviation and 2 targeted counties for
      Three Prefectures”, which increased the difficulties in         offering of support and assistance of China Telecom, and
      poverty alleviation due to the severe difficulty in natural     more than 1,400 targeted assisted villages of companies
      conditions in these areas. China is in the final push to        at all levels were all lifted out of poverty and won the




110   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report




Organisational Innovation Award of the 2020 National
Poverty Alleviation Award.


X.     OUTLOOK

In 2021, the Company will thoroughly embrace new
development philosophies focusing on innovation,
coordination, green, openness and co-sharing. The
Company will continually increase communication with
stakeholders, deeply implement the “Cloudification
and Digital Transformation” strategy, and build new
                                                                  Helped subscribers in rural area to leverage
information infrastructure with great efforts. The Company        on China Telecom’s service to sell products
will strengthen sci-tech innovation, promote the                  through live streaming

Company’s technology advances, business upgrading
and operational innovation, strive to provide integrated
intelligent information services for all kinds of customers
in all occupations, and make new contributions to
the promotion of high-quality economic and social
development.




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     111
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
      Human Resources Development Report


      In 2020, our work on human resources has closely             and enterprise business. The Company adopted fixed-
      centered around the Company’s requirements for high-         term and contractual appointments at the management
      quality development. We coordinated and promoted             level in reform project companies such as E-surfing Pay
      the optimisation of leadership structure, team building      Co., Ltd and system integration company, and actively
      and the development of human resources mechanism,            implemented the three-year action plan for reform of
      strengthened fundamental management and implemented          state-owned enterprises.
      the project of “Strengthening the Enterprise through
      Talents” in order to continuously improve human              CONTINUOUSLY PROMOTE
      resources efficiency and provide sound organisational        AND IMPLEMENT THE
      assurance and support for our talents for the corporate’s    “STRENGTHENING THE
      sustainable and healthy development.                         ENTERPRISE THROUGH TALENTS”
                                                                   PROJECT
      STRENGTHEN SENIOR
      MANAGEMENT AND EXECUTIVE                                     The management of the Company and its subsidiaries
      TEAM BUILDING                                                at all levels continued to strengthen communication and
                                                                   care for professional talents at all levels. The Company
      Enhancing the building of the management teams at all-       implemented the “Hundred, Thousand, and Ten Thousand
      corporate levels, we continued to promote the training       Professional Talent Project” and continued to build a team
      of a team of outstanding young cadres and selected a         of high-level professional talents. Specific mechanisms
      group of well-recognised cadres with superb qualities,       were implemented in the cloud computing branch of the
      distinguished capabilities and outstanding performance. As   Company, which enabled mobility of the projects and its
      a result, the proportion of young cadres has substantially   personnel and the flexibility of compensation. A “Talent
      increased, the age structure and professional structure of   Zone” was established in the Cloud-network Security
      the management teams have been significantly improved,       Technology Co., Ltd, which implemented a market-
      and the vitality of the management teams has been            oriented mechanism where employee incentives can be
      significantly boosted. We also strengthened the allocation   cashed in according to the performance of the business.
      of the management of the business group serving              The Company further promoted its unified “talent cloud”
      government and enterprise informatisation services,          platform, built a talent labelling system, developed a
      the omni-channel operation centre, the cloud-network         talent vision, and enabled talent sharing and flexible
      development department, the cloud-network operation          internal arrangement. We have set up cloud-network
      department (Big Data and AI center), cloud computing,        integration talent workstations, industry application talent
      system integration, Internet of Things, Smart Family and     workstations (including Internet of Thing substations),
      other units, and strongly supported the “Cloudification      Smart Family workstations, etc., to achieve full access to
      and Digital Transformation” strategy of the Company. The     the workstations cloud services. By leveraging the talent
      Company took part in the national ten major industries       workstation, the Company initiated the company-wide
      of government and enterprises joint leader selection and     talent arrangement, and fully leveraged the support from
      recruitment, further clarified rights and obligations and    workstations mode for key projects of the Company such
      assessment and withdrawal mechanisms, and strived to         as cloud-network integration, government and enterprise
      mobilise the enthusiasm and initiative of the government     reform and others and the outsourcing talent to Xinjiang
      and enterprise industry teams to stimulate new               and Ningxia.
      breakthroughs during the development in the government

112   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                 Human Resources Development Report




FURTHER STRENGTHEN HUMAN
RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND
DATA FOUNDATION

In 2020, the Company continued to optimise and enhance
the function of centralised human resources system,
which focused on the maintenance of employees directly
managed by the Company, resume analysis, digitalisation
of labour contracts, mobilisation of income proof, and the
management of mentoring system for new employees. At
the same time, the new human resources and business
                                                                   Management communicated with outstanding
operation systems interface was built to provide user login        employees
authority authentication services, and basic data support
for important business systems such as Bamboo Cloud           and emphasised on improving the efficiency of front-
System, Internal Control System, “Major Issues, Major         line teams. At the same time, for professional talents,
Personnel Appointments and Dismissals, Major Project          the Company promoted the “talent cloud” platform and
Investments and Large payments” System, MSS/Mobile            talent cloudification mechanism, to visualise, digitalise and
Portal, etc.                                                  systematise the selection, training, use, and motivation
                                                              process of professional talents. By labelling the capabilities
In 2020, the Company continued to promote                     and quality of various talents and promoting flexible job
intelligent human resources projects, focused on the          assignments and on-job training, the Company created a
intelligentisation application of Smart Family engineers,     “system + data + mechanism” solution, so as to achieve
supported the analysis of human resources operations,         precise talent management and talent resources sharing
                                                              across the Company.


INFORMATION OF EMPLOYEES

As at the end of 2020, the Group had 281,192 employees. The number of employees working under each classification
and their respective proportions were as follows:


                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                         Employees          Percentage
Management, Finance and Administration                                                         47,743              17.0%
Sales and Marketing                                                                           135,135              48.1%
Operations and Maintenance                                                                     86,347              30.7%
Research and Development                                                                       11,967               4.2%
Total                                                                                         281,192             100.0%




                                                                  China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020         113
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Human Resources Development Report




      RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE
      COMPANY AND EMPLOYEES

      Corporate Democratic Management
      During the COVID-19 Epidemic, we collected opinions
      and suggestions for more than 100,000 person-times
      through the “Voice of Employees Column”, which reflected
      the employees’ thoughts and highlighted difficulties,
      which served as important references for the Company
      to adjust its focus and response measures according
      to the specific circumstances. Labour unions at all
      levels reached out to 11 specific groups of employees,
      including those that were confirmed or suspected cases
      of COVID-19 and those put under medical observation,
      and visited and learned about the conditions of employees
      for 22,500 person-times. A survey of new employees was
      conducted through the Internet, sampling employees for
      7,897 person-times from 19 provincial units (professional        Customer service through video call to reduce
      companies). The provincial labour unions understood the          social contact during the Epidemic
      thoughts of employees based on annual key tasks and
      reported to the provincial company management and
      higher-level units.                                          to all employees. Labour unions at all levels standardised
                                                                   and implemented systems such as the rules of procedure

      122 employee representatives submitted 157 proposals         of Employee Representative Congress meeting and the

      to the Company, which were all gradually handled and         proposal collecting and handling systems. All provincial

      implemented by 24 units, reflecting a feedback rate of       companies have convened Employee Representative

      100%. The satisfaction rate of employee representatives      Congress to enable the orderly participation of employee

      on the work of handling proposals reached 98%. The           representatives in corporate governance.

      Company organised and convened the fourth meeting of
      the first session of the Employee Representative Congress,   Competitions and Honours

      during which the Company listened to and reviewed the        In accordance with the deployment of “Cloudification and

      reports on the work of the Employee Representative           Digital Transformation” strategy and the requirements

      Congress, the report on the work of corporate strategy       of Epidemic prevention and control, 15 competitions

      reform and the performance of Employee Directors, the        were organised, including 6 skill competitions, 6 labour

      report on the business expenditure of the Company’s          competitions and 3 innovation competitions. The

      persons-in-charge in 2020 and the management and             competitions were closely integrated with the actual

      operation of the Company’s official vehicles, and the        operations, and promoted actual production and business

      report on the interpretation of the Company’s human          transformation, which effectively cultivated innovative

      resources-related policies. The 29 model workers who         talents in “Cloudification and Digital Transformation”,

      received the commendation jointly issued the proposal of     promoted the rapid replication and implementation of

      “Striving to be a dedicator and fighting on a new journey”   successful projects, and achieved remarkable results.




114   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                  Human Resources Development Report




In 2020, the Company received a total of 282 external
honours in comprehensive and specific categories at
national, provincial and ministerial levels, including 88
national honours and 194 provincial and ministerial
honours. 27 employees received the honour of “2020
National Model Worker”. The number reached historical
high, which fully reflected the high recognition of China
Telecom by government at all levels and the society
as a whole, and also demonstrated the cohesion and
combat power of the Company at all levels, fully proving
that the employees are the most dependable force
                                                                   Strengthened personal protection for frontline
for the high-quality development of the Company. We                employees during the Epidemic
organised a symposium to study and implement the
spirit of the important speech of Mr. Xi Jinping, the
General Secretary, at the commendation conference of           CARING FOR EMPLOYEES
national model workers and advanced workers, and Mr.
Ke Ruiwen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,           Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 Epidemic, the
attended the meeting and gave a speech, which stated           Company’s labour unions insisted on putting the
clear requirements for studying and promoting national         employees’ life safety and health first, and allocated RMB4
model workers. The Company organised activities to learn       million of special sympathy allowance to the 16 provinces
from the national model workers at the entire company          that were more seriously influenced by the Epidemic. The
by publicising the model workers’ deeds and stories            Company’s labour unions at all levels arranged more than
through multiple channels such as the People’s Post and        RMB67 million of special sympathy allowance for Epidemic
Telecommunications News, Learning Power, SASAC                 prevention and control, which effectively enhanced every
website, CCTV, Douyin and Weibo, which showcased the           employee’s sense of security and provided a solid ground
contemporary style of China Telecom employees to the           for winning the battle against the COVID-19 Epidemic.
whole society and widely spread the good image of China
Telecom as a responsible state-owned enterprise.               The Company’s labour unions organised support work
                                                               for 11 types of specific employee groups including front-
Innovation Workshops                                           line employees who fought the Epidemic and secured
The Company has established more than 1,300 innovation         communications, and those that were confirmed or
workshops of various types, including 5 national-level         suspected cases of COVID-19 and those put under
innovation studios for model workers and craftsmen             medical observation, led the effort to establish a
talents and 4 industry-level innovation studios. More than     classification ledger, to assign specific contacting persons,
150 of them were named by provincial and municipal             and to provide timely consolation and care. The provincial
labour unions. The Company has been awarded more               companies and labour unions at each level carried out
than 700 national and provincial awards and applied for        caring activities for more than 2,000 model workers above
nearly 1,000 invention patents and utility model patents. In   C1 level, more than 3,200 exchange workers and poverty
2020, 29 model innovation studios at the company-level         alleviation cadres and their families, nearly 200,000 retired
were selected and promoted, and 35 innovation studios          staff, more than 17,000 pregnant or breastfeeding female
above the company-level were awarded.

                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        115
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Human Resources Development Report




      employees, etc., and helped provide protective supplies      Company organised provincial labour unions to do more
      such as masks to show consolation and care. The              than 5 practical things for employees in the province,
      Company established a ledger of 5,167 employees whose        continuously optimised ‘Four Smalls’ operations, improved
      family members participated in the medical supporting        service capabilities, and expanded the range of services in
      teams in Hubei province or fought in the front-line of       areas of catering, working environment, activity conditions
      local Epidemic prevention and medical care works, and        and quality of life, etc.
      conveyed corporate care by issuing sympathy allowance
      or products and arranging field visits by Company leaders.   STRENGTHENING HUMAN CAPITAL

      The labour unions of the Company took the lead in            Supporting National Key Training Programme
      improving the care ledger of more than 1,200 expatriate      In 2020, China Telecom actively undertook the national
      employees and their domestic family members, and             professional and technical talent knowledge upgrading
      contacted each expatriate employee to assist with their      project. In October 2020, China Telecom held the Ministry
      practical difficulties. The Company has established a        of Human Resources and Social Security knowledge
      mechanism for handling “important matters” of expatriate     upgrading project workshop – “Smart Family Advanced
      employees, and as a result, the relevant departments         Workshop”. More than 60 experts and technicians from
      cooperated and quickly implemented solutions to              government agencies, research institutes, etc., attended
      resolve 66 difficult cases for domestic family members of    the workshop.
      expatriate employees, provided care for 178 employees
      who had been dispatched to areas with serious Epidemic       Efficient Operations of Online College
      situation or have been abroad for more than one year. The    In the context of normalised Epidemic prevention and
      Company has improved the care ledger for employees’          control, the Company comprehensively coordinated the
      children that were studying abroad, supplied information     enhancement of online learning and internet training, and
      related to the overseas Epidemic prevention and control,     accelerated the improvement of the online training service
      promoted the development of “China Telecom Health            system. Mainly relying on China Telecom Online College,
      Consultation Program for Overseas Employees”, and            the Company expanded the scale of online training, and
      provided remote medical services for overseas employees      provided in-depth personalised and tailored training in
      and their children for 217 person-times.                     combination with the ecology, so as to help enterprises to
                                                                   resume work and production. Facing fast-growing digital
      According to the survey statistics, the employees’           learning demand during the Epidemic, China Telecom
      satisfaction rate for the Company’s Epidemic prevention      Online College completed the construction of an operation
      and control reached 9.7 points, and the satisfaction rate    supporting system at the earliest time possible, and
      for the Company’s employees’ care work reached 94%.          quickly launched various solutions such as live broadcast
                                                                   and online thematic training courses for leading cadres,
      The Company followed up and guided 110 grass-root            sci-tech innovation talents, highly skilled talents and young
      units located in areas with an altitude of more than 3,500   employees, focusing on key business segments such as
      meters in five provinces, including Tibet, to build oxygen   5G, cloud-network integration and Smart Family. Relying
      supply facilities, which greatly improved the working        on various online learning tools, the Company also carried
      and living conditions of employees in high-altitude          out various thematic learning programs such as “Leaders
      areas and was praised by grass-root employees. The           and Cadres Learning Month”, “Cloud-Network Operation



116   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                   Human Resources Development Report




Lecture”, “Operation Warm Spring” and “Spotlight               with 1.11 million person-times attending. Two phases of
Platform”, which ensured “suspension of work but no            the “Dragon Programme” were held to train and exchange
suspension of learning” during the Epidemic and helped         the international talents.
the business development during the work resumption
period.                                                        Building Employees’ Capacity
                                                               The first initiative of the Company is to carry out the
In 2020, China Telecom Online College had cumulatively         training of cloud-network integration talents at municipal
covered 52.59 million person-times in various types of         levels. The Company promoted talent training through

training, with 44,000 students logging in daily on average.    online learning, offline training, certification, practical

18,567 new courses were added, 1,916 thematic online           projects, professional coaching, hands-on training, labour
                                                               competitions, etc. The training coverage ratio for municipal
classes were organised, 1,341 live broadcasts were
                                                               level cloud-network integration account managers
conducted, 1,998 exams and certifications of various
                                                               and solution managers reached 60%, and the training
kinds were organised covering 2.2 million person-times
                                                               coverage ratio for municipal level product maintenance
through the intelligent learning platform for pushing
                                                               managers and customer engineers reached 50%.
learning resources.

                                                               The second initiative of the Company is to continuously
Building up the Internal Training Team
                                                               empower and promote the development of Smart Family
In 2020, the Company continuously enhanced the
                                                               capabilities. Focusing on product standardisation and
building of the internal training team. There were 13,000
                                                               service visualisation, the Company constantly improved
internal trainers at all levels of the Company, and the
                                                               the professional capabilities of the front-line sales and
accumulated teaching time of all levels of internal trainers   installation and maintenance team. The Company
reached 212,000 hours. During the year, the Company            prepared a Smart Family marketing manual, consisting
recruited 678 company-level internal trainers and 775          of a total of 150,000 words, and carried out 17 series
company-level trial internal trainers. The Company held an     of live learnings and 2 supporting online classes, with a
online training camp for internal trainers. A total of 1,335   total of 145,000 participants and the learners amounting
company-level internal trainers participated in community      to 880,000 person-times; the Company selected and
learning, spending a total of 19,500 learning hours.           hired the first batch of more than 90 company-level Smart
                                                               Family professional internal trainers on a trial basis, and
Cultivating Professional Talents                               organised the first “Genius Cup” Smart Family scenario
We conducted large-scale talent trainings at each level        sales competition; the Company carried out more than 60
and grade. In 2020, the Company completed the second           sessions of Smart Family engineer skill level certifications,
phase of the “Spark Programme” for the cultivation of          covering 58,000 people in total; it optimised the design of
74 high-end leaders and the “Prairie Fire Programme”           the Smart Family Lecture zone, with a total of 48 courses
of cyber security training course for 50 people. The           updated and more than 2 million person-times took part in
Company organised a total of 40 online training sessions       the learning in 2020.
for backbone professionals at company-level and over
720,000 person-times attended the training courses.            The third initiative of the Company is to launch multi-level
During the year, 1,916 online training courses were held,      “Unit CEO” online learning through online empowerment.
with 29.67 million person-times attending. 1,341 live          In 2020 the “Unit CEOs” program used Online College
broadcasts were held, with 2.38 million person-times           Unit CEOs business school as the platform, perfected
attending. 31,000 face-to-face training courses were held,     the “Unit CEOs” online course system in different layers,


                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       117
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Human Resources Development Report




      updated more than 20 courses for the corresponding              application of “New Employee Tutoring Mechanism”,
      positions of “Unit CEOs” online learning, and mostly used       which won the ATD Excellence in Practice Award,
      the online learning channel to teach the standard general       throughout the Company, organised online special
      courses. Using the Wings School as the channel, the             courses on career mentorship for new employees,
      Company regularly carried out experience sharing live           launched and optimised the function of career mentorship
      broadcasts for the key business issues, with a total of 45      for new employees in the MSS human resources system,
      live broadcasts and 256,000 person-times attending. The         and promoted the goal of equipping new employees
      company also held online training camps for Unit CEOs           with corresponding professional mentors and counselling
      internal trainers, which cultivated 316 internal trainers and   throughout the process upon their onboarding. For the
      effectively supported the implementation of Unit CEOs
                                                                      recruitment of mature talents from the society, units at all
      core courses in all provincial and municipal companies.
                                                                      levels organised induction training in accordance with their
                                                                      business development needs.
      Cultivating and Attracting Outstanding Young
      Talents
                                                                      To pr ov ide oppor t unit ie s for e mploy e e s’ c a r e e r
      We continuously enhanced the mechanism for recruitment,
                                                                      development, the Company developed a comprehensive
      management, cultivation and evaluation of our trainees.
                                                                      dual promotion channel. Promotion is based on the
      We organised spring internships, summer internships,
                                                                      principles of fairness, justice, openness and transparency.
      day-to-day internships and other activities to expand
                                                                      The Company fully respects employees’ rights of choice,
      the channels to attract outstanding young talents for
                                                                      knowledge and scrutiny.
      campus recruitment. We also continued to carry out the
      Company’s top college graduate cultivation programme
      and organised online special classes for outstanding            In the recruitment and promotion processes, the Company

      graduates, which were attended by 7,445 people. The             treats all candidates and employees equally regardless of

      Company innovatively launched a live interactive sharing        factors such as gender, age and race.
      platform for outstanding college graduates, the “Spotlight
      Platform”, which was opened to all groups of outstanding        The Company strictly abides by the national regulations
      trainee students and would invite industry experts and          relating to employees’ working hours and implemented
      representatives of outstanding graduates to conduct             the Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees
      interactive live lectures.                                      promulgated by the State Council and formulated the
                                                                      relevant policies in relation to employees’ vacations and
      Recruitment                                                     rest periods.
      The Company recruits fresh university graduates and
      mature talents from the society. We organised a unified         The Company strictly abides by the laws and regulations
      platform, unified advertising and publicity and unified         such as the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China
      information sessions in key universities for recruiting fresh   and the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of
      graduates. In 2020, the Company recruited more than             China to regulate its employment and dismissal practices.
      7,000 new graduates. We normally provide an induction           The Company adheres to offering equality of remuneration
      training of one to two months to fresh graduates after          and work for male and female employees and implements
      they join the Company in order to help them understand          special regulations to protect female employees’ rights
      our corporate strategy, culture and business. In 2020,          and interests. There were no discriminatory policies
      the Company continued to deepen the promotion and               or regulations, nor had there been any circumstance



118   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                 Human Resources Development Report




whereby child labour or forced labour was employed.            with project results and personal contributions, so as to
Taking into account the actual circumstances of the            ensure that key personnel with outstanding ability and
Company, the Company strictly abides by relevant labour        performance would be better compensated, and truly
laws and regulations in China, constantly improves the         developed a compensation system where salaries can be
relevant employee management systems, and formulates           increased or decreased.
relevant administrative measures which include detailed
provisions stipulated in accordance with the termination of    The Company actively promoted medium and long-
employment contract.                                           term incentives. The Company further expanded the pilot
                                                               scope of sci-tech company equity and dividend incentive
REMUNERATION AND                                               program, promoted employee shareholding in mixed
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT                                         ownership enterprises, directly linked the income of key
                                                               personnel with the development of company and personal
Remuneration                                                   performance, established an incentive and restraint
The Company optimised and improved the labour cost             mechanism for interest and risk sharing, which enabled
allocation mechanism. The Company continued to adhere          the talents to share the benefits of the Company’s growth.
to value-driven principles, promoted improvement of
scale and efficiency, increased the incentive for efficiency   Performance management
contribution in labour cost allocation, and encouraged         The Company has established a comprehensive
revenue increase and efficiency improvement as well            performance management system and implemented
as cost reduction and efficiency improvement. Based            performance appraisal for all employees. Adhering to the
on the functional positioning and value contribution of        performance-oriented principle, the results of performance
each unit, the Company adopted various strategies,             appraisal were closely correlated to employees’
formulated policies based on actual circumstances and          remuneration. Branches at all levels have established
constantly optimised the total labour cost decision making     employees’ performance evaluation teams which are
mechanism, so as to ensure that incentives are in place        led by the respective general managers of the relevant
and constraints are effective.                                 branches, and have formulated appraisal methods for
                                                               deputies, functional departments, subordinate units
The Company promoted market-oriented incentives in             and employees. The Company improves its employee
key areas. The Company promoted the innovation of              evaluation and incentive mechanism and the related
incentive mechanism by combining the mechanisms                scrutiny and supervision system to ensure fair and reliable
and systems     reform of the competence centre and the        performance evaluation results. At the same time, we
R&D system, and constantly promoted the distribution           further optimise and improve the performance evaluation
mechanism of “market evaluates contribution and                system and implement performance evaluation by
contribution determines reward”. The Company supported         categories of business units, deputies, mid-level cadres
the principle of “matching responsibilities, rights and        and employees at all levels, enhancing the specificity of
rewards”, and “reciprocity of incentives and constraints”      the performance evaluation.
in key projects and key areas, adopted market-oriented
benchmarking method for key personnel, provided
market-competitive salary, linked personal income closely




                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      119
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
      Table of the ESG Indicators


      Issues                  Name of Indicators                             Units                     Year 2020      Year 2019

      Emissions               Scope 1: Direct greenhouse gas emissions1      million tons CO2e               0.21           0.21
                              Scope 2: Indirect greenhouse gas emissions1    million tons CO2e             13.55          13.34
                              Total greenhouse gas emissions1                million tons CO2e             13.76          13.55
                              Greenhouse gas emissions per unit
                                                                             tCO2e/RMB million             34.96          36.07
                                 operating revenue1
                              Sewage emissions2                              million tons                  30.57          35.38
                              SO2 emissions3                                 tons                          55.75          68.01
                              Non-hazardous waste produced   4
                                                                             tons                      28,717.77              –
                              Non-hazardous waste produced per unit
                                                                             tons/RMB million                0.07             –
                                 operating revenue
                              Hazardous waste produced4                      tons                      18,378.93              –
                              Hazardous waste produced per unit
                                                                             tons/RMB million                0.05             –
                                 operating revenue
                              Electronic waste produced4                     tons                      71,872.84              –
                              Electronic waste produced per unit
                                                                             tons/RMB million                0.18             –
                                 operating revenue
      Use of Resources        Electricity consumption                        100 million kwh              228.33         195.01
                              Natural gas consumption                        million m3                      7.69           9.23
                              Coal consumption                               10,000 tons                     0.41           0.51
                              Gasoline consumption                           10,000 tons                     4.17           4.39
                              Diesel consumption                             10,000 tons                     1.72           1.38
                              Purchased heat consumption amount              GJ                      1,237,790.55   1,338,157.37
                              Overall energy consumption5                    tce                     2,948,806.73   2,544,048.55
                              Overall energy consumption per unit of
                                                                             kgce/TB                         4.61           4.91
                                 information flow
                              Overall energy consumption per operating
                                                                             kgce/RMB million            7,492.63       6,770.88
                                 revenue
                              Power consumption per carrier frequency
                                                                             kwh/carrier frequency       1,254.81       1,100.65
                                 at base stations
                              Water consumption                              million tons                  35.97          41.63
                              Water consumption per unit operating revenue   tons/RMB million              91.39         110.78
                              Coverage rate of energy-saving technology
                                                                             %                             74.54          70.76
                                 at telecommunications equipment room
                              Reclaimed water consumption                    tons                     253,980.38      53,685.43



120   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                         Table of the ESG Indicators




Issues                   Name of Indicators                                    Units                      Year 2020       Year 2019

The Environment and      Investment in energy saving and                       RMB million                   614.09          636.11
Natural Resources           emission reduction
                         Times of video conferencing                           times                         37,569          35,672
Product Responsibility   Data international roaming countries and regions –                                    248                –
                         Domestic administrative village fibre broadband
                                                                               %                                96              94
                            coverage
                         Domestic administrative village 4G network
                                                                               %                                95              94
                            coverage
                         Internet backbone network interconnection
                                                                               Gbps                       12,305.00        8,416.00
                            bandwidth
                         International interconnection bandwidth               Gbps                        9,985.26        8,766.76
                         Call drop rate of mobile communication6               %                               0.05            0.10
                         Call completing rate of mobile communication
                                                                               %                              99.07           97.57
                            network6
                         Call completing rate for access line                  %                              93.05           92.45
                         Packet loss rate of broadband Internet ChinaNet
                                                                               %                               0.06            0.03
                            backbone network
                         Degree of satisfaction of mobile Internet users7      points                         78.20           81.91
                         Degree of satisfaction of mobile voice users   7
                                                                               points                         82.60           82.68
                         Degree of satisfaction of fixed Internet users7       points                         78.90           79.46
                         Degree of satisfaction of access line users7          points                         87.60           87.58
                         Percentage of in-time response to international
                                                                               %                              99.64           99.16
                            customer repair reports
                         Degree of satisfaction of international customers     points                         92.30           91.40
                         Number of newly acquired patent authorisation         –                               400             472
                         Number of newly acquired invention patent
                                                                               –                               383             452
                            authorisation
                         Number of phishing and fraud websites blocked         –                              9,080          13,144
Anti-corruption          Anti-corruption education programmes organised –                                    31,135          25,457
                         Attendance of anti-corruption education and
                                                                               person-times               1,041,420         799,356
                            trainings
Supplier                 Total number of suppliers8                            –                               277                –
                         Proportion of suppliers reviewed8                     %                               100                –




                                                                                China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   121
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Table of the ESG Indicators




      Issues                   Name of Indicators                               Units   Year 2020   Year 2019

                               Percentage of employees participating in
      Employment                                                                %            100         100
                                    labour union
                               Percentage of female employees at
                                                                                %           20.33       19.97
                                    management level
                               Total number of employees9                       –         281,192     281,215
                               Total number of full-time employees9             –         274,425     274,172
                               Total number of part-time employees    9
                                                                                –           6,767       7,043
                               Percentage of employees aged 30 and below        %           12.97       12.19
                               Percentage of employees aged 30 to 49            %           66.15       68.42
                               Percentage of employees aged 50 and above        %           20.88       19.39
                               Percentage of male employees                     %           67.96       67.89
                               Percentage of female employees                   %           32.04       32.11
                               Percentage of employees of ethnic minorities     %            6.62        6.97
                               Percentage of local employees hired in
                                    Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and                %             44          44
                                    overseas branches
                               Total number of newly-hired employees            –          11,936      12,350
                               Percentage of newly-hired male employees         %           61.09       58.96
                               Percentage of newly-hired female employees       %           38.91       41.04
                               Turnover rate of employees aged 30 and below     %            5.38           –
                               Turnover rate of employees aged 30 to 49         %            1.13           –
                               Turnover rate of employees 50 and above          %            1.06           –
                               Turnover rate of female employees                %            1.86           –
                               Turnover rate of male employees                  %            1.58           –
                               Turnover rate of employees hired in
                                                                                %            1.67           –
                                    mainland China
                               Turnover rate of employees hired in Hong Kong,
                                                                                %            0.50           –
                                    Macau, Taiwan and overseas branches




122   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                       Table of the ESG Indicators




Issues                     Name of Indicators                                Units                      Year 2020       Year 2019

Safety and Health          Death rate in accidents per 1,000 employees       ‰                             0.0036              0
                           Injury rate in accidents per 1,000 employees      ‰                               0.00              0
                           Loss of working days due to work-related injury   –                               0.00              0
                           Number of participants in safety emergency drills person-times                 261,087         272,542
                           Number of participants in health and safety
                                                                             person-times                 385,305         362,174
                             trainings
                           Participation rate of employee health checkup     %                              89.82            100
Training and Development Training expenses per employee                      RMB/person                  2,242.15        3,076.81
                           Number of internal trainers                       –                             13,054           8,844
                           Number of training participants                   10,000 person-times            46.53           55.76
                           Number of senior management trained               person-times                    487             564
                           Number of middle-level management trained         person-times                  58,999          82,842
                           Number of general employees trained               person-times                 405,835         474,193
                           Number of male employees trained                  person-times                 297,180         361,199
                           Number of female employees trained                person-times                 168,141         196,400
                           Number of employees passed skill
                                                                             person-times                  26,680          26,668
                             certification exams
                           Number of employees enrolled in online college    10,000 persons                 22.12           13.24
                           Average training time per employee                hours/person                   29.49           29.12
                           Average training time per senior management       hours/person                   58.30           52.15
                           Average training time per middle-level
                                                                             hours/person                   43.40           44.63
                             management
                           Average training time per general employee        hours/person                   27.75           27.28
                           Average training time per male employee           hours/person                   28.97           29.03
                           Average training time per female employee         hours/person                   30.59           29.31
                           Average training time in online college per
                                                                             hours/person                   50.18           18.42
                             employee
                           Proportion of senior management participating
                                                                             %                              80.21               –
                              in training
                           Proportion of middle-level management
                                                                             %                              58.44               –
                              participating in training
                           Proportion of general employees participating
                                                                             %                              51.44               –
                              in training
                           Proportion of male employees participating
                                                                             %                              51.35               –
                              in training
                           Proportion of female employees participating in
                                                                             %                              54.77               –
                              training

                                                                              China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   123
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Table of the ESG Indicators




      Issues                           Name of Indicators                                     Units                                Year 2020            Year 2019

      Community                        Number of registered employee volunteers               10,000 persons                              7.43                 6.62
                                       Total service time of volunteers                       10,000 hours                              74.14                 61.86
                                       Number of participants in volunteering activities      10,000 person-times                       14.00                 11.80
                                       Number of volunteering activities                      sessions                                 10,195                 9,854
                                       Volunteer service activities input amount              RMB million                               18.83                 15.18
                                       Number of participated pole line co-built              kilometres                                5,217                 7,357
                                       Number of provided pole line co-shared                 kilometres                               11,946               23,062
                                       Number of participated pipeline co-built               kilometres                                8,901                 6,665
                                       Number of provided pipeline co-shared                  kilometres                                1,399                 1,309
                                       Number of participated indoor distribution
                                                                                              –                                        24,865                 7,356
                                         system co-built
                                       Personnel involved in emergency
                                                                                              person-times                           146,397                69,817
                                         communication support
                                       Number of emergency communication
                                                                                              set-times                                29,342               17,979
                                         equipment dispatched
                                       Number of emergency communication
                                                                                              vehicle-times                            55,428               22,014
                                         vehicles dispatched
                                       Number of emergency public service
                                                                                              million pieces                         2,489.73                 79.09
                                         messages sent

      Notes:

      1.       Greenhouse gas is measured based on the Greenhouse Gas Protocol – Enterprise Accounting and Reporting Standards of World Resources
               Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), the 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas
               Inventories of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the Fourth Assessment Report 2007 of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
               Change (IPCC), etc.
               Scope I: direct greenhouse gas emission includes the greenhouse gas emission from use of natural gas, coal, gasoline and diesel;

               Scope II: indirect greenhouse gas emission includes the greenhouse gas emission from purchased electricity and heating power, where
                         the electricity emission factors shall refer to the base line emission factors of regional power grids in China released by National
                         Development and Reform Commission, Department of Climate Change.
               Total greenhouse gas emission shall be the sum of Scope I (direct greenhouse gas emission) and Scope II (indirect greenhouse gas emission).
      2.       The quantity of sewage emission is measured based on water consumption, and the wastewater discharge coefficient shall be based on
               GB50318-2017 Code of Urban Wastewater Engineering Planning of the National Standards of the PRC and relevant documents of National
               Bureau of Statistics of the PRC.
      3.       SO 2 emissions are calculated with the method of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the
               PRC.
      4.       Non-hazardous waste includes domestic waste and paper consumption. The quantity of domestic waste produced is measured based on the per
               capita household waste output coefficient as specified in the guidance released by the State Council of the PRC. Hazardous waste includes waste
               storage batteries. Electronic wastes include waste telecommunications equipment, waste cables, waste terminals and other wastes.
      5.       Overall energy consumption is calculated with the energy statistics calculation method applied by National Bureau of Statistics of the PRC.
      6.       VoLTE data was used for call drop rate of mobile communication and call completing rate of mobile communication network after the full
               commercial launch of VoLTE (based on 4G network calls) business in 2019.
      7.       The “degree of satisfaction of mobile Internet users”, “degree of satisfaction of mobile voice users”, “degree of satisfaction of fixed Internet users”
               and “degree of satisfaction of access line users” are the intensive evaluation data of China Telecom by using the Telecom Customer Satisfaction
               Index (TCSI) model of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
      8.       Suppliers refer to the group level centralised procurement suppliers of China Telecom.
      9.       The total number of employees includes the total number of contract workers, labour dispatch and re-employed employees, of which, contract
               workers are counted as full-time employees, and labour dispatch and re-employed employees are counted as part-time employees.



124   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL,
SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Independent Assurance Report




         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   125
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
      Appendix – ESG Reporting Guide Index


      No.                         Description of Indicators                                                    Page

      A1 Emissions                General Disclosure                                                           105-108
                                  Information on:
                                  (a)   the policies; and
                                  (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                        significant impact on the issuer
                                  relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into
                                  water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous
                                  waste.
                                  Note: Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under
                                        national laws and regulations.
                                        Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,
                                        hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
                                        Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations.

      A1 Emissions                A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                   120
      A1 Emissions                A1.2 Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tons) and, where                  120
                                        appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                        per facility).
      A1 Emissions                A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and, where                     120
                                        appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                        per facility).
      A1 Emissions                A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tons) and, where                 120
                                        appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                                        per facility).
      A1 Emissions                A1.5 Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results               105-108
                                        achieved.
      A1 Emissions                A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes                   105-108
                                        are handled, reduction initiatives and results achieved.
      A2 Use of Resources         General Disclosure                                                           105-107
                                  Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water
                                  and other raw materials
                                  Note: Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in
                                        buildings, electronic equipment, etc.

      A2 Use of Resources         A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g.                 120
                                        electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g.
                                        per unit of production volume, per facility).




126   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                        Appendix – ESG Reporting Guide Index




No.                      Description of Indicators                                                 Page

A2 Use of Resources      A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of           120
                               production volume, per facility).
A2 Use of Resources      A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results         106
                               achieved.
A2 Use of Resources      A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water          107-108
                               that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives and results
                               achieved.
A2 Use of Resources      A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) Not Applicable1
                               and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
A3 The Environment and   General Disclosure                                                        108
Natural Resources        Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the
                         environment and natural resources.
A3 The Environment and   A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the          108
Natural Resources              environment and natural resources and the actions taken
                               to manage them.
B1 Employment            General Disclosure                                                        102, 105, 118-119
                         Information on:
                         (a)   the policies; and
                         (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                               significant impact on the issuer
                         relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                         promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                         diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
B1 Employment            B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group                113, 122
                               and geographical region.
B1 Employment            B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                      122
                               geographical region.




                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020    127
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Appendix – ESG Reporting Guide Index




      No.                           Description of Indicators                                                   Page

      B2 Health and Safety          General Disclosure                                                          104
                                    Information on:
                                    (a)   the policies; and
                                    (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                          significant impact on the issuer
                                    relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
                                    employees from occupational hazards.
      B2 Health and Safety          B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities.                            123
      B2 Health and Safety          B2.2 Lost days due to work injury.                                          123
      B2 Health and Safety          B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures                 104
                                         adopted, how they are implemented and monitored.
      B3 Development and Training   General Disclosure                                                          102-104, 112-113, 116-119
                                    Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for
                                    discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.
                                    Note: Training refers to vocational training. It may include internal and
                                          external courses paid by the employer.

      B3 Development and Training   B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and                      123
                                         employee category (e.g. senior management, middle
                                         management).
      B3 Development and Training   B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by                   123
                                         gender and employee category.
      B4 Labour Standards           General Disclosure                                                          102
                                    Information on:
                                    (a) the policies; and
                                    (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                           significant impact on the issuer
                                    relating to preventing child and forced labour.
      B4 Labour Standards           B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to 102
                                         avoid child and forced labour.
      B4 Labour Standards           B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when 102
                                         discovered.
      B5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure                                                109-110
                                 Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply
                                 chains.
      B5 Supply Chain Management B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,                  109-110
                                      number of suppliers where the practices are being
                                      implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.




128   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                         Appendix – ESG Reporting Guide Index




No.                                  Description of Indicators                                                     Page

B6 Product Responsibility            General Disclosure                                                97-101
                                     Information on:
                                     (a) the policies; and
                                     (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                            significant impact on the issuer
                                     relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                                     matters relating to products and services provided and methods
                                     of redress.
B6 Product Responsibility            B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to                  Not applicable2
                                          recalls for safety and health reasons.
B6 Product Responsibility            B6.2 Number of products and service-related complaints                        100-101
                                          received and how they are dealt with.
B6 Product Responsibility            B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting 93-94
                                          intellectual property rights.
B6 Product Responsibility            B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall                      Not applicable2
                                          procedures.
B6 Product Responsibility            B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy                      100-101
                                          policies, how they are implemented and monitored.
B7 Anti-corruption                   General Disclosure                                                             93-94
                                     Information on:
                                     (a) the policies; and
                                     (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                            significant impact on the issuer
                                     relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
B7 Anti-corruption                   B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing                   93-94
                                          procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.
B8 Community Investment              General Disclosure                                                            110-111
                                     Policies on community engagement to understand the needs
                                     of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its
                                     activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.
B8 Community Investment              B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental               110-111
                                          concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).
B8 Community Investment              B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus                  124
                                          area.

Notes:

1.       The indicator of “packaging materials used for the finished products” is not relevant to the business practice of the Company. Through the
         identification of material issues, the Company mainly reported the recycling and reusing of the resources such as storage batteries, cables,
         terminals that are mainly used in operations and services. For more details, please refer to “VII. Practicing green development” of Corporate Social
         Responsibility Report.

2.       The indicator of “recalling products” is not relevant to the practice of the Company. Through the identification of material issues, the Company
         mainly reported on maintaining network information security, assuring emergency communications and protecting the rights of customers in
         accordance with laws. For more details, please refer to “IV. Providing high quality network assurance” and “V. Providing heartfelt services to
         customers” of Corporate Social Responsibility Report.




                                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                     129
      ENVIRONMENTAL,
      SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
      Corporate Governance Report


      AN OVERVIEW OF CORPORATE                                     The Company persists in refining the basic system of its

      GOVERNANCE                                                   corporate governance. As a company incorporated in the
                                                                   People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company

      The Company strives to maintain high level of corporate      adopts the Company Law of the People’s Republic of

      governance and has always adhered to excellent,              China and other relevant laws and regulations as the basic

      prudent and efficient corporate governance principles        guidelines for the Company’s corporate governance.

      and continuously improves its corporate governance           As a company dual-listed in Hong Kong and the United

      methodology, regulates its operations, improves its          States, the Company strives to ensure compliance with

      internal control mechanism, implements sound corporate       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock

      governance and disclosure measures, and ensures that         Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)

      the Company’s operations are in line with the long-term      and the regulatory requirements for non-US companies

      interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.    listed in the United States. In addition, the Company

      In 2020, the shareholders’ meeting, the Board and the        has regularly published statements relating to its internal

      Supervisory Committee operated soundly and efficiently.      control in accordance with the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act

      The Company was dedicated to lean management while           and the regulatory requirements of the SEC and the NYSE

      ensuring stable and healthy operation, and elevated          to confirm its compliance with related financial reporting,

      its high-quality development to a new level, while           information disclosure, corporate internal control

      continuously optimising its internal control system and      requirements and other regulatory requirements.

      comprehensive risk management in order to effectively
      ensure steady operation of the corporate. The standard
      of the Company’s corporate governance continued to
      improve and is aligned with the long-term best interest
      of the shareholders, ensuring that the interests of the
      shareholders were effectively assured.



                                                   Shareholders’ Meeting




                                                        Board of Directors                 Supervisory Committee




                     Audit Committee                  Remuneration Committee                Nomination Committee




130   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




    For the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the            Company in Asia” in the 2020 All-Asia-Executive-Team
    roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the          poll organised by Institutional Investor, a prestigious
    Company were performed by the same individual. In the         international financial magazine, for ten consecutive
    Company’s opinion, through supervision by the Board           years. The Company also received “Best ESG”, “Best
    of Directors (the “Board”) and the Independent Non-           IR Program” and other honours. The Company was
    Executive Directors of the Company, with effective control    accredited with “Platinum Award – Excellence in
    of the Company’s internal check and balance mechanism,        Environmental, Social and Governance” in the poll of ESG
    the same individual performing the roles of Chairman          Corporate Awards 2020 by The Asset, and was the only
    and Chief Executive Officer can enhance the Company’s         telecommunications company in the region which had
    efficiency in decision-making and execution and effectively   received the Platinum recognition for 12 years in a row.
    capture business opportunities. Many leading international    Mr. Ke Ruiwen, Chairman and CEO of the Company,
    corporations around the world also have similar               was honoured with “Best CEO in Telecommunications”
    arrangements. Save as stated above, the Company was           award while the Company was accredited “Best Investor
    in compliance with all the code provisions under the          Relations Team”. In addition, the Company was awarded,
    Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14           for the 13th time, “The Best of Asia – Icon on Corporate
    of the Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) in     Governance” by Corporate Governance Asia, a renowned
    the year 2020.                                                regional journal on corporate governance. Mr. Ke Ruiwen,
                                                                  Chairman of the Company, was honoured with “Asia’s
    In 2020, the Company’s continuous efforts in corporate        Best CEO” and “Asian Corporate Director Recognition”
    governance gained wide recognition from the capital           awards. The Company was also accredited “No.1 Best
    market and the Company was accredited with a number of        Telecommunications Company in Asia” in Asia’s Best
    awards. The Company was voted as the “Most Honoured           Managed Companies Poll 2020 by FinanceAsia.




                      Corporate
                 Governance Asia                                                          Institutional
                                                                                          Investor
  Icon on Corporate Governance
                                                                                         Most Honoured Company in Asia



                     The Asset
           Platinum Award -
Excellence in Environmental,
       Social and Governance                                                                    FinanceAsia
                                                                                                No.1 Best
                                                                                                Telecommunications
                                                                                                Company in Asia




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020   131
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      OVERALL STRUCTURE OF THE                                        1.     To approve the consolidated financial statements

      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                   of the Company, the report of the Directors, the
                                                                             report of the Supervisory Committee and the report

      A two-tier structure is adopted as the overall structure for           of the international auditor for the year ended 31

      corporate governance: the Board and the Supervisory                    December 2019 and to authorise the Board to

      Committee are established under the shareholders’                      prepare the budget of the Company for the year

      meeting; the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee                   2020;

      and Nomination Committee are established under
      the Board. The Board is authorised by the articles of           2.     To approve the profit distribution proposal and the

      association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”)             declaration and payment of a final dividend for the

      to make major operational decisions of the Company                     year ended 31 December 2019;

      and to oversee the daily management and operations of
      the senior management. The Supervisory Committee is             3.     To approve the re-appointment of Deloitte Touche

      mainly responsible for the supervision of the performance              Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified

      of duties of the Board and the senior management.                      Public Accountants LLP as the international auditor

      Each of the Board and the Supervisory Committee is                     and domestic auditor of the Company respectively

      independently accountable to the shareholders’ meeting.                for the year ending on 31 December 2020 and to
                                                                             authorise the Board to fix the remuneration of the

      SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING                                                  auditors;


      In 2020, the Company convened one shareholders’                 4.     To approve the election or re-election of the

      meeting which was the annual general meeting for the                   Directors and Independent Directors of the

      year 2019 (the “2019 Annual General Meeting”).                         seventh session of the Board and to authorise any
                                                                             Director of the Company to sign the Directors’

      On 26 May 2020, the Company held the 2019 Annual                       service contracts on behalf of the Company with

      General Meeting in Hong Kong to approve the following                  them and to authorise the Board to determine their

      resolutions, all of which were duly passed and approved                remuneration;

      by the shareholders of the Company.




           Management presented at AGM held in Hong Kong and communicated with shareholders through video conferencing
           due to the Epidemic

132   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




5.   To approve the election or re-election of the        Since the Company’s listing in 2002, at each of the
     Shareholder Representative Supervisors of the        shareholders’ meetings, a separate shareholders’
     seventh session of the Supervisory Committee         resolution was proposed by the Company in respect of
     and to authorise any Director of the Company to      each independent item. The circulars to shareholders
     sign the Supervisors’ service contracts on behalf    also provided details of the resolutions. All votes on
     of the Company with them and to authorise            resolutions tabled at the shareholders’ meetings of the
     the Supervisory Committee to determine their         Company were conducted by poll and all voting results
     remuneration;                                        were published on the websites of the Company and the
                                                          Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company attaches
6.   To approve the amendments to the Articles of         great importance to the shareholders’ meetings and the
     Association and to authorise any Director of the     communication between Directors and shareholders. The
     Company to complete registration or filing of the    Directors provided detailed and sufficient answers to the
     amendments to the Articles of Association;           questions raised by shareholders at the shareholders’
                                                          meetings. The Board implemented the Shareholders
7.   To approve the issue of debentures by the            Communication Policy to ensure that the shareholders are
     Company, to authorise the Board to issue             provided with comprehensive, equal, understandable and
     debentures and determine the specific terms,         public information of the Company on a timely basis and
     conditions and other matters of the debentures       to facilitate the communication amongst the Company,
     and to approve the centralised registration of       the shareholders and investors.
     debentures by the Company;
                                                          COMPOSITION OF BOARD
8.   To approve the issue of company bonds in the         OF DIRECTORS AND BOARD
     PRC and to authorise the Board to issue company      DIVERSITY POLICY
     bonds and determine the specific terms, conditions
     and other matters of the company bonds in the        As at 31 December 2020, the Board consisted of 11
     PRC;                                                 Directors with 6 Executive Directors, 1 Non-Executive
                                                          Director and 4 Independent Non-Executive Directors.
9.   To grant a general mandate to the Board to           There is no relationship (including financial, business,
     issue, allot and deal with additional shares in      family or other material or relevant relationship) among the
     the Company not exceeding 20% of each of the         Board members. The Audit Committee, Remuneration
     existing domestic shares and H shares in issue and   Committee and Nomination Committee under the Board
     to authorise the Board to increase the registered    consist solely of Independent Non-Executive Directors,
     capital of the Company and to amend the Articles     which ensures that the Committees are able to provide
     of Association of the Company to reflect such        sufficient checks and balances and make independent
     increase in the registered capital of the Company    judgements to protect the interests of the shareholders
     under the general mandate.                           and the Company as a whole. The number of Independent
                                                          Non-Executive Directors exceeds one-third of the
                                                          members of the Board. Mr. Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius, the




                                                              China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       133
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      Chairman of the Audit Committee, is an internationally          on each candidate’s attributes and the consideration
      renowned financial expert with extensive expertise in           for his/her value contributions to be made to the Board.
      accounting and financial management. As at the date of          The Nomination Committee oversees the implementation
      this report, the Board comprised 10 Directors, including        of Board Diversity Policy, reviews the existing policy as
      5 Executive Directors, 1 Non-Executive Director and 4           and when appropriate, and recommends proposals for
      Independent Non-Executive Directors. The term of office         revisions for the Board’s approval.
      for the seventh session of the Board (including the Non-
      Executive Directors) lasts for 3 years, starting from 26 May    Biographical details of existing Directors are set out in the
      2020 until the day of the Company’s 2022 annual general         “Biographical details of Directors, Senior Management
      meeting to be held in 2023, upon which the eighth session       and Supervisors” section of this annual report. There
      of the Board will be elected.                                   are currently two female Directors on the Board. The
                                                                      Board currently comprises experts from diversified
      In August 2013, the Company implemented the Board               professions such as telecommunications, accounting,
      Diversity Policy. The Company strongly believes that board      finance, law, banking, regulatory, compliance and
      diversity will contribute significantly to the enhancement of   management with diversification in terms of gender, age,
      the overall performance of the Company. The Company             duration of service, etc., advancing the enhancement of
      views board diversity as the key element for accomplishing      management standard and the further standardisation
      its strategic goals and sustainable development. In             of corporate governance practices, which results in a
      determining the composition of the Board, the Company           more comprehensive and balanced Board structure
      takes into account diversity of the Board from a number         and decision-making process. Each Director brings to
      of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,      the Board different views and perspectives. Both the
      educational background, professional experience, skills,        Nomination Committee and the Board believe that the
      knowledge, duration of service and time commitment,             gender, age, educational background, professional
      etc. All appointments made or to be made by the Board           experience, skills, knowledge and the duration of service
      are merit-based, and candidates are selected based              of the Board members are in alignment with the Board
      on objective criteria taking full consideration of board        Diversity Policy.
      diversity. Final decisions are comprehensively made based


      The below chart sets out the analysis of the Board composition as at the date of this report:


                                                                                                             10 Years or
                     2    Female                                                                        2
                                                                                                             Above
                                                      Executive             4    61-75
                                                 5    Directors                  Years Old                   5 Years to
                                                                                                        2
                                                                                                             10 Years



                                                 1    Non-Executive
                     8    Male                        Director
                                                                                 51-60
                                                                            6                           6    5 Years or
                                                                                 Years Old
                                                      Independent                                            Below
                                                 4    Non-Executive
                                                      Directors




                  Gender                    Designation                Age Group                   Duration of
                                                                                                    Service
                                                                                                       (years)

134   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




The Company strictly complies with the Corporate               maintain highly efficient operations, as well as flexibility
Governance Code to rigorously regulate the operating           and swiftness in operational decision-making, the Board
procedures of the Board and its Committees, and to             may delegate its management and administrative powers
ensure that the procedures of the Board meetings are           to the management when necessary, and shall provide
in compliance with related rules in terms of organisation,     clear guidance regarding such delegation so as to avoid
regulations and personnel. The Board responsibly               impeding or undermining the capabilities of the Board
and earnestly supervises the preparation of financial          when exercising its powers as a whole.
statements for each financial period, so that such financial
statements truly and fairly reflect the financial condition,   All members of the Board and Committees are informed
the operating results and cash flows of the Company for        of the meeting schedule for the Board and Committees
such period. In preparing the financial statements for the     for the year at the beginning of each year. In addition,
year ended 31 December 2020, the Directors adopted             all Directors will receive meeting notice at least 14 days
appropriate accounting policies and made prudent, fair         prior to the meeting under normal circumstances. The
and reasonable judgements and estimates, and prepared          Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that the
the financial statements on a going concern basis.             Board meetings comply with all procedures, related rules
                                                               and regulations while all Directors can make enquiries
The Articles of Association clearly defines the respective     to the Company Secretary for details to ensure that they
duties of the Board and the management. The Board              have received sufficient information on various matters set
is accountable to the shareholders’ meetings, and              out in the meeting agendas.
its duties mainly include the execution of resolutions,
formulation of major operational decisions, financial          The Board holds at least 4 meetings in each year.
proposals and policies, formulation of the Company’s           Additional Board meetings will be held in accordance
basic management system and the appointment of                 with practical needs. In 2020, the Company convened
senior management. The management is responsible for           4 Board meetings in total and completed various written
leading the production, operation and management of            resolutions; the Chairman held a meeting to independently
the Company, the implementation of Board resolutions           communicate with the Independent Non-Executive
and the annual operation plans and investment proposals        Directors without the presence of any other Directors to
of the Company, formulating the proposal of the                ensure their opinions can be fully expressed, which further
Company’s internal administrative organisations and sub-       facilitated the exchange of different views within the Board.
organisations, and performing other duties as authorised       In 2020, the Board played a pivotal role in the Company’s
by the Articles of Association and the Board. In order to      operation, supervision, internal control, risk management




                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020        135
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      and other significant decisions and corporate governance.     DIRECTORS’ TRAINING AND
      Specifically, the Board reviewed matters including, but       CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL
      not limited to, the Company’s annual and interim financial    DEVELOPMENT
      statements, quarterly financial results, risk management
      and internal control implementation and assessment            The Company provides guidelines including on directors’
      report, annual proposal for profit distribution, amendments   duties, continuing obligations, relevant laws and regulations,
      to the Articles of Association, approval and authorisation    operation and business of the Company to newly appointed
      of the issuance of debentures, the budget of the Company      Directors so that they are provided with tailored induction
      for the years 2020 and 2021, review of the structure and      relating to their appointment. To ensure that the Directors are
      operations of the Board, proposal for directors and senior    familiar with the Company’s latest operations for decision-
      management liabilities insurance, proposal for election or    making, the Company arranges for key financial data
      re-election of the Directors of the seventh session of the    and operational data to be provided to the Directors on a
      Board, election or re-election of the senior management,      monthly basis. Meanwhile, through regular Board meetings
      chairman and members of the Board Committees,                 and reports from management, the Directors are able to
      remuneration proposal for the Directors of the seventh        have clearer understanding of the operations, business
      session of the Board, report on relevant situations under     strategy, and the latest development of the Company and
      the global Epidemic environment, re-appointment and           the industry. In addition, the Company reminds the Directors
      remuneration of auditors, and the progress report on the      of their functions and duties by continuously providing them
      preparation of the Environmental, Social and Governance       with information regarding the latest development of the
      Report.                                                       Listing Rules and other applicable regulations, and arranging
                                                                    internal training on topics related to the latest development
      The Company determines the Directors’ remuneration            of the industry and operational focus of the Company for
      with reference to factors such as their respective duties     mutual exchange of ideas and discussion. The Directors
      and responsibilities in the Company, as well as their         actively participate in training and continuous professional
      experience and market conditions at the relevant time.        development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
                                                                    skills in order to contribute to the Company.
      The Board formulates and reviews the Company’s
      policies and practices on corporate governance; reviews
      and monitors the training and continuous professional
      development of Directors and senior management;
      reviews and monitors the Company’s policies and
      practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
      requirements; formulates, reviews and monitors the code
      of conduct for employees; and reviews the Company’s
      compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and
      disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.




136   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




During the year, the Directors have participated in training and continuous professional development activities, and the
summary is as follows:


Directors                                                                                                                    Types of training
Executive Directors
Ke Ruiwen                                                                                                                                      A, B
Li Zhengmao*                                                                                                                                   A, B
Shao Guanglu*                                                                                                                                  A, B
Liu Guiqing                                                                                                                                    A, B
Zhu Min                                                                                                                                        A, B
Chen Zhongyue*                                                                                                                                 A, B
Wang Guoquan*                                                                                                                                  A, B
Gao Tongqing*                                                                                                                                  A, B


Non-Executive Director
Chen Shengguang                                                                                                                                A, B


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                                                                                                          A, B
Xu Erming                                                                                                                                      A, B
Wang Hsuehming                                                                                                                                 A, B
Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                                                                                                           A, B


A:     attending relevant seminars and/or conferences and/or forums; or delivering speeches at relevant seminars and/or conferences and/or forums
B:     reading or writing relevant newspapers, journals and articles relating to economy, general business, telecommunications, corporate governance or
       directors’ duties
*      On 17 January 2020, Mr. Gao Tongqing resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of the Company due to
       change in work arrangement. On 26 May 2020, Mr. Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu were appointed as Directors at the 2019 Annual General
       Meeting. On 4 December 2020, Mr. Wang Guoquan resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of the
       Company due to change in work arrangement. On 19 January 2021, Mr. Chen Zhongyue resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and
       Executive Vice President of the Company due to change in work arrangement.




                                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020                   137
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      COMPLIANCE WITH THE                                           with the adequacy of the staff’s training programmes and
      MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES                                     the related budget. The Audit Committee also has the
                                                                    authority to set up a reporting system on whistleblowing
      TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
                                                                    to receive and handle cases of complaints or complaints
      AND SUPERVISORS AND                                           made on an anonymous basis regarding the Company’s
      CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE                                  accounting, internal control and audit matters.
      BY THE INDEPENDENT NON-
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                           In 2020, pursuant to the requirements of the governing
                                                                    laws and regulations of the places of listing and the
      The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities         Charter of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee fully
      Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out        assumed its responsibilities within the scope of the clear
      in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules to govern securities      mandate from the Board. The Audit Committee proposed
      transactions by the Directors and Supervisors. Based          a number of practical and professional recommendations
      on the written confirmation from the Directors and            for improvement based on the Company’s actual
      Supervisors, the Company’s Directors and Supervisors          circumstances in order to promote the continuous
                                                                    improvement and perfection of corporate management.
      have strictly complied with the Model Code for Securities
                                                                    The Audit Committee has provided important support to
      Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers in Appendix
                                                                    the Board and played a significant role in protecting the
      10 of the Listing Rules regarding the requirements
                                                                    interests of the independent shareholders.
      in conducting securities transactions for the year
      2020. Meanwhile, the Company has received annual              In 2020, the Audit Committee convened 4 meetings and
      independence confirmation from each of the Independent        passed 2 written resolutions, in which it reviewed matters
      Non-Executive Directors and considered them to be             including but not limited to, the Company’s annual and
      independent.                                                  interim financial statements and quarterly financial results,
                                                                    assessment of the qualifications, independence and
      AUDIT COMMITTEE                                               performance, appointments and remuneration of the
                                                                    external auditors, effectiveness of risk management and
      As at 31 December 2020, the Audit Committee comprised         internal control systems, internal audit, implementation of
      4 Independent Non-Executive Directors, Mr. Tse Hau Yin,       continuing connected transactions, selection of external
      Aloysius as the Chairman and Mr. Xu Erming, Madam             auditors, the progress work report of the change of
      Wang Hsuehming and Mr. Yeung Chi Wai, Jason as the            external auditors, review of the operations in 2019 and
      members. The Audit Committee is responsible to the            the Charter of the Audit Committee, and the progress
      Board. The Charter of the Audit Committee clearly defines     report on the preparation of the Environmental, Social and
      the status, structure and qualifications, work procedures,    Governance Report. The Audit Committee reviewed the
      duties and responsibilities, funding and remuneration, etc.   annual auditor’s report, interim review report and quarterly
      of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee’s principal       agreed-upon procedures reports prepared by the external
      duties include the supervision of the truthfulness and        auditors, communicated with the management and the
      completeness of the Company’s financial statements,           external auditors in regard to the regular financial reports
      the effectiveness and completeness of the Company’s           and proposed them for the Board’s approval after review
      internal control and risk management systems as well as       and approval. The Audit Committee regularly received
      the work of the Company’s Internal Audit Department. It       quarterly reports in relation to the internal audit and
      is also responsible for the supervision and review of the     continuing connected transactions and provided guidance
      qualifications, selection and appointment, independence       to the Internal Audit Department. Additionally, the Audit
      and services of external independent auditors. The            Committee reviewed the internal control assessment and
      Audit Committee ensures that the management has               the attestation report, followed up with the implementation
      discharged its duty to establish and maintain an effective    procedures of the recommendations proposed by the
      risk management and internal control system including         external auditors, reviewed the U.S. annual report, and
      the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience      communicated independently with the external auditors
      of staff fulfilling the accounting, internal control and      twice a year.
      financial reporting functions of the Company together



138   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                         NOMINATION COMMITTEE

As at 31 December 2020, the Remuneration Committee             As at 31 December 2020, the Nomination Committee
comprised 3 Independent Non-Executive Directors,               comprised 3 Independent Non-Executive Directors,
Mr. Xu Erming as the Chairman and Mr. Tse Hau Yin,             Madam Wang Hsuehming as the Chairlady and Mr. Tse
Aloysius and Madam Wang Hsuehming as the members.              Hau Yin, Aloysius and Mr. Xu Erming as the members.
The Remuneration Committee is responsible to the               The Nomination Committee is responsible to the Board.
Board. The Charter of the Remuneration Committee               The Charter of the Nomination Committee clearly defines
clearly defines the status, structure and qualifications,      the status, structure and qualifications, work procedures,
work procedures, duties and responsibilities, funding          duties and responsibilities, funding and remuneration, etc.
and remuneration, etc. of the Remuneration Committee.          of the Nomination Committee, and it specifically requires
The Remuneration Committee assists the Board to                that the Nomination Committee members shall have no
formulate overall remuneration policy and structure for        significant connection with the Company, and comply with
the Company’s Directors and senior management, and             the regulatory requirements related to “independence”.
to establish related procedures that are standardised and      The Nomination Committee assists the Board to formulate
transparent. The Remuneration Committee’s principal            standardised, prudent and transparent procedures for
duties include giving recommendations to the Board in          the appointment and succession plans of Directors, and
respect of the overall remuneration policy and structure       to further optimise the composition of the Board. The
for the Company’s Directors and senior management and          principal duties of the Nomination Committee include
the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure        regularly reviewing the structure, number of members,
for developing remuneration policy, and determining, with      composition and diversity of the Board; identifying
delegated responsibility by the Board, the remuneration        candidates and advising the Board with the appropriate
packages of individual Executive Directors and senior          qualifications for the position of Directors; reviewing
management including benefits in kind, pension                 the Board Diversity Policy as appropriate to ensure its
rights and compensation payments (including any                effectiveness; evaluating the independence of Independent
compensation payable for loss or termination of their          Non-Executive Directors; advising the Board on matters
office or appointment). Its responsibilities comply with the   regarding the appointment or re-appointment of Directors
requirements of the Corporate Governance Code. The             and succession plans for the Directors (especially
Remuneration Committee convened 1 meeting in 2020,             Chairman and Chief Executive Officer). The Nomination
during which it reviewed and discussed the remuneration        Committee convened 1 meeting in 2020, during which
proposals for the Directors of the seventh session of the      it performed a review of the structure and operations of
Board.                                                         the Board and considered the recommendation of the
                                                               proposed candidates for the Directors of the seventh
                                                               session of the Board.




                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      139
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      Number of Board and Committee Meetings Attended/Held in 2020


                                                                                Audit           Nomination        Remuneration
                                                            Board           Committee           Committee           Committee          Shareholders’
                                                           Meeting            Meeting             Meeting             Meeting               Meeting
      Executive Directors
      Ke Ruiwen                                                  4/4                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  1/1
      Li Zhengmao*                                               3/3                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  N/A
      Shao Guanglu*                                              3/3                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  N/A
      Liu Guiqing                                                4/4                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  1/1
      Zhu Min                                                    4/4                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  1/1
      Chen Zhongyue*                                             0/4                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  0/1
      Wang Guoquan*                                              3/3                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  1/1
      Gao Tongqing*                                             N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  N/A


      Non-Executive Director
      Chen Shengguang                                            3/4                 N/A                  N/A                  N/A                  1/1


      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                      4/4                  4/4                  1/1                 1/1                  1/1
      Xu Erming                                                  4/4                  4/4                  1/1                 1/1                  1/1
      Wang Hsuehming                                             4/4                  4/4                  1/1                 1/1                  1/1
      Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                       4/4                  4/4                 N/A                  N/A                  1/1


      Note:   Certain Directors (including Non-Executive Director) could not attend some of the shareholders’ meetings and Board meetings due to other
              important business commitments. Such Directors have reviewed the relevant Board meeting agendas and papers before the meetings and
              authorised other Directors in writing to vote on their behalf so as to ensure their views were fully reflected in the meetings.

      *       On 17 January 2020, Mr. Gao Tongqing resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of the Company due to
              change in work arrangement. On 26 May 2020, Mr. Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu were appointed as Directors at the 2019 Annual General
              Meeting. On 4 December 2020, Mr. Wang Guoquan resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and Executive Vice President of the
              Company due to change in work arrangement. On 19 January 2021, Mr. Chen Zhongyue resigned from his positions as an Executive Director and
              Executive Vice President of the Company due to change in work arrangement.




140   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Company will identify suitable Director candidates           minimum period during which written notice given to
through multiple channels such as internal recruitment and       the Company of the intention to propose a person for
recruiting from the labour market. The criteria of identifying   election as a Director, and during which written notice to
candidates include but not limited to their gender, age,         the Company by such person of his/her willingness to be
educational background, professional experience,                 elected may be given, will be at least 7 days. Such period
skills, knowledge and length of service and capability to        will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch
commit to the affairs of the Company and, in the case            of the notice of the meeting for the purpose of considering
of Independent Non-Executive Director, the candidates            such election and shall end no later than 7 days prior
should fulfill the independence requirements set out in          to the date of such meeting. The ordinary resolutions to
the Listing Rules from time to time. After the Nomination        approve the appointment of Directors shall be passed
Committee and the Board have reviewed and resolved to            by votes representing more than one-half of the voting
appoint the appropriate candidate, the relevant proposal         rights represented by the shareholders (including proxies)
will be put forward in writing to the shareholders’ meeting      present at the meeting.
for approval.
                                                                 SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
Directors shall be elected at the shareholders’ meeting
for a term of 3 years. At the expiry of a Director’s             As at 31 December 2020, the Company’s Supervisory
term, the Director may stand for re-election and re-             Committee comprised 5 Supervisors, including 2
appointment. According to the Articles of Association,           Employee Representative Supervisors. The principal
before the convening of the annual general meeting,              duties of the Supervisory Committee include supervising,
shareholders holding 3% or more of the total voting              in accordance with the law, the Company’s financials
shares of the Company shall have the right to propose            and performance of its Directors, managers and other
new motions (such as election of Directors) in writing,          senior management so as to prevent them from abusing
and the Company shall place such proposed motions                their powers. The Supervisory Committee is a standing
on the agenda for such annual general meeting if there           supervisory organisation within the Company, which
are matters falling within the functions and powers of           is accountable to and reports to all shareholders. The
shareholders in general meetings. According to the               Supervisory Committee usually holds meetings at least
Articles of Association, shareholders can also request for       twice a year. The Supervisory Committee convened 2
the convening of extraordinary general meeting provided          meetings in 2020. The term of office for the seventh
that 2 or more shareholders holding in aggregate 10%             session of the Supervisory Committee lasts for 3 years,
or more of the shares carrying the right to vote at the          starting from 26 May 2020 until the day of the 2022
meeting sought to be held and they shall sign one or more        annual general meeting to be held in year 2023, upon
written requisitions in the same format and with the same        which the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee
content, requiring the Board to convene an extraordinary         will be elected.
general meeting and stating the resolutions of meeting
(such as election of Directors). The Board shall convene
an extraordinary general meeting within 2 months. The




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     141
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      Number of Supervisory Committee Meetings Attended/Held in 2020


                                                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                                                              Meetings
      Supervisors                                                                                                                     Attended/Held
      Sui Yixun (Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and Shareholder Representative Supervisor)                                                      1/2
      Zhang Jianbin (Employee Representative Supervisor)                                                                                               2/2
      Dai Bin (Employee Representative Supervisor) *                                                                                                   1/1
      Xu Shiguang (Shareholder Representative Supervisor)                                                                                              2/2
      You Minqiang (Shareholder Representative Supervisor) *                                                                                           1/1
      Yang Jianqing (Employee Representative Supervisor) *                                                                                             1/1
      Ye Zhong (Shareholder Representative Supervisor) *                                                                                               0/1


      Note:   Certain Supervisors could not attend some of the meetings of the Supervisory Committee due to other important business commitments.

      *       On 26 May 2020, Mr. You Minqiang was appointed as Shareholder Representative Supervisor at the 2019 Annual General Meeting. Meanwhile,
              Mr. Dai Bin has been elected by the employees of the Company democratically as the Employee Representative Supervisor. Due to their age,
              Mr. Yang Jianqing, an Employee Representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, and Mr. Ye Zhong, a Shareholder
              Representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, retired from their positions as Supervisors of the Company upon the
              expiry of their term of office at the 2019 Annual General Meeting.



      EXTERNAL AUDITORS

      The international and domestic auditors of the Company are Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants LLP, respectively. The non-audit services provided by the external auditors did not
      contravene the requirements of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act and therefore enabling them to maintain the independence.


      A breakdown of the remuneration received by the external auditors for audit and non-audit services provided to the
      Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                      Fee
                                                                                                                                             (including
                                                                                                                                   value-added tax)
      Service item                                                                                                                     (RMB millions)
      Audit services                                                                                                                               76.83
      Non-audit services (mainly include internal control advisory and other advisory services)                                                      3.13

      Total                                                                                                                                        79.96




142   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Directors of the Company are responsible for                 RISK MANAGEMENT AND
the preparation of consolidated financial statements             INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
that give a true and fair view in accordance with the
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by         The Board attaches great importance to the establishment
the International Accounting Standards Board and the             and perfection of the risk management and internal control
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies               systems. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors        determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of              to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives,
consolidated financial statements that are free from             and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The        appropriate and effective risk management and internal
Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties           control systems, and the Board acknowledges that it is
relating to any events or conditions which may cast a            responsible for the risk management and internal control
serious impact upon the Group’s ability to continue as a         systems and for reviewing their effectiveness. Such
going concern. The statements by the external auditors           systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, regarding              the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and
their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial   can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance
statements of the Company is set out in the Independent          against material misstatements or losses. The Board
Auditor’s Report on pages 160 to 163 of this annual              oversees management in the design, implementation
report.                                                          and monitoring of the risk management and internal
                                                                 control systems. The Board takes effective approaches to
Since the approval at the annual general meeting of              supervise the implementation of related control measures,
the Company for the year 2012, the external auditors,            whilst enhancing operation efficiency and effectiveness,
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu            and optimising corporate governance, risk assessment,
Certified Public Accountants LLP have provided audit             risk management and internal control so that the
services for the Company for eight consecutive years.            Company can achieve long-term development goals.
Pursuant to the relevant regulations issued by the Ministry
of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and SASAC,          The risk management and internal control systems of
the service term of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte        the Company is built on clear organisational structure
Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP will            and management duties, an effective delegation and
expire soon. They will retire as the international auditors      accountability system, definite targets, policies and
and domestic auditors of the Company effective upon              procedures, comprehensive risk assessment and
the close of the forthcoming annual general meeting              management, a sound financial accounting system,
of the Company for the year 2020 and will not be re-             and continuing analysis and supervision of operational
appointed. Pursuant to the open selection process, and as        performance, etc. which plays a pivotal role in the
recommended by the Audit Committee of the Company,               Company’s overall operation. The Company has
the Board has resolved to propose for the shareholders’          formulated a code of conduct for the senior management
approval for the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers           and employees which ensures their ethical value and
and PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP as the                 competency. The Company attaches great importance
Company’s external auditors for the year ending 31               to the prevention of fraud and has formulated its internal
December 2021 at the 2020 Annual General Meeting.                reporting system, which encourages anonymous reporting
                                                                 of situations where employees, especially Directors and
                                                                 senior management, breach the rules.


                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       143
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      The Company views comprehensive risk management as              In 2021, the potential significant risks and the major risk-
      an important task within the Company’s daily operation.         prevention and countering measures are as follows:
      Pursuant to regulatory requirements in capital markets
      of the United States and Hong Kong, the Company has             Economic and policy environment adaptation risks:
      formulated a featured 5-step risk management approach           Facing the risks and challenges, such as the increasing
      based on risk management theory and practice to                 uncertainties in the economy development, the wide-
      achieve closed-loop management of risk identification,          ranging impact of the global COVID-19 Epidemic, the
      risk assessment, key risk analysis, risk reaction and risk      gradual impacts of regulatory policies’ adjustments in the
      management assessment. In continuously strengthening            industry, the official commencement of the 5G era, and
      the risk process control and management and focusing            the apparent increase in the sources of global unrest and
      on significant risk which may be encountered, the               risks, the Company will actively respond to the change in
      Company established a risk monitoring team, to follow           environment, implement the requirements of regulatory
      and report the status of risk management and control            policies, accelerate the construction of information
      regularly, improve the collection mechanism of risk-related     infrastructure represented by 5G, innovate 5G applications
      information and identify the potential flaws of risk in a       and business models, deepen reform and innovation,
      timely manner. Following the efforts made over the years,       expedite “Cloudification and Digital Transformation”,
      the Company has established a structured and highly             expand ecological cooperation, perfect overseas
      effective comprehensive risk management system and              compliance management system and pragmatically
      has gradually perfected its comprehensive risk monitoring       promote corporate high-quality development.
      and prevention mechanism.
                                                                      Business development risks: Facing the needs to cultivate
      In 2020, pursuant to the requirement of code provision C2       5G new applications and businesses and the persistent
      of the Corporate Governance Code promulgated by the             upgrade of customers’ needs, the Company will focus
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company concentrated              on customers’ needs, enhance the quality of service,
      resources on the prevention of significant potential risks,     expand subscriber scale, promote corporate high-quality
      and strived to reduce negative effect from significant risks.   development and in-depth cloud-network integration,
      The Company was not confronted by any major risk event          comprehensively apply new technologies such as the 5G,
      throughout the whole year.                                      cloud, Big Data, the Internet of Things and AI, implement
                                                                      the upgrades of marketing service strategies for individual,
      The Company has identified, assessed and analysed               family, government and enterprise market and expedite
      potential major risks faced by the Company in 2021,             the expansion in the market for emerging businesses such
      including economic and policy environment adaptation            as DICT, Internet of Things and Internet Finance, marching
      risks, business development risks and network and               steadily towards becoming a leading integrated intelligent
      information security risks etc., and has put forward            information services provider.
      detailed response plans. Through strict and appropriate
      risk management procedures, the Company will ensure             Network and information security risks: Facing the risks
      the potential impact from the above risks on the Company        and challenges of network and information security, the
      is limited and within an expected range.                        Company will enhance the related sci-tech innovation
                                                                      capabilities, speed up the construction of network




144   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




information security integrated system and capabilities               The Company highly values the compliance with the laws
development, strengthen the protection of key information             and regulations of the PRC as well as the places of listing
infrastructure and expand the network information security            of the Company and where the Company’s business
products and services, building network information                   operations are located, strictly complies with all laws
security ecology so as to provide reliable network                    and regulations and timely and proactively incorporates
information security protection for subscribers.                      the laws and regulations into the Company’s rules and
                                                                      regulations to protect the Company’s legitimate business
The American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”) of the                    management, maintain the Company’s legitimate rights
Company may be subject to the risk of being delisted.                 and interests and support the corporate to achieve long-
On 6 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), The                     term healthy development target.
NYSE announced that it had determined to re-commence
proceedings to delist the ADSs of the Company (the                    In August 2018, the Standing Committee of the National
“Determination”). Trading in the ADSs of the Company                  People’s Congress (the “NPCSC”) approved the
was suspended at 4:00 a.m. (US Eastern standard time)                 E-Commerce Law of the People’s Republic of China,
on 11 January 2021. The Determination may affect the                  which was formally implemented on 1 January 2019. The
trading prices and volumes of the Company’s H shares                  E-Commerce Law consists of seven chapters and eighty
and ADSs and may result in the Company’s ADSs being                   nine articles which further regulate e-commerce activities
delisted. In order to protect the legitimate interests of the         conducted by relevant parties including e-commerce
Company and its shareholders, the Company filed with the              platform operators (“e-commerce platforms”). The
NYSE a written request for a review of the Determination              E-Commerce Law defines and confirms, for the first
by a Committee of the Board of Directors of the NYSE.                 time, the obligation of e-commerce platforms to protect
The Company will continue to pay close attention to the               the consumers’ security, and requires them to bear
development of related matters and also seek professional             the corresponding responsibility when the obligation
advice and reserve all rights to protect the legitimate               is breached. It further refines the regulation for the
interests of the Company.                                             responsibility of intellectual property infringement on
                                                                      the e-commerce platforms, regulates the industrial
Furthermore, the Company’s operations of telecommunications           and commercial registration and tax collection and
services in other jurisdictions are also subject to the licensing     management of e-commerce operators, requires
and other regulatory requirements and supervision of the              e-commerce operators to publish information when
local regulatory authorities. The license of the Company’s            terminating transactions at their own discretion, prohibits
subsidiary to provide telecommunications services in the              fabricating transactions and user comments to defraud
United States may be subject to actions by the relevant               and mislead consumers, prohibits the e-commerce
authorities in the United States and the Company cannot               platforms from abusing the dominant market position to
assure that it will be able to maintain that license in the future.   exclude and restrict competition, regulates the rules of
The Company’s subsidiary will continue to cooperate with              deposits collection and refund, requests the products
the regulatory authorities by providing additional details to         participating in bidding ranking with the results marked
support the Company’s position and address any concerns.              therein.




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     145
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      On 23 August 2018, the Ministry of Industry and                    trade secret infringement. Fourth, the penalty on trade
      Information Technology promulgated the Notice of                   secret infringement has been increased. Fifth, in relation
      Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Further         to the allocation of burden of proof for trade secret
      Regulating Marketing Activities for Telecommunications             infringement in the civil trial procedure, it stipulates that
      Tariff Schemes (the “Notice”) which became effective from          the right holder may only need to provide preliminary
      23 August 2018. The Notice encourages fundamental                  evidences which can prove that the right holder has taken
      telecommunications enterprises to provide a tiered                 confidentiality measures and can reasonably indicate that
      discount pricing formula for tariff plans according to the         the trade secret has been infringed. The amendments
      usage amount of the users and simplify the structure               to the Anti-Unfair Competition Law strengthened the
      of tariff packages. In formulating and implementing the            protection of intellectual property rights in China and had
      tariff plans of bundled packages, the tariff plans for             a positive impact on the establishment of a fair market
      each respective service should also be provided, and               order and protection of the legitimate interests of the right
      the tariff rates disclosure policy should be improved.             holders.
      When promoting the tariff plans, the telecommunications
      enterprises shall fulfil its obligation to remind the users with   On 11 November 2019, the Ministry of Industry and
      respect to matters they shall pay attention to, including          Information Technology promulgated the Notice of
      the restrictive conditions, the validity period and the            the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
      charging principles. The same type of users with the same          on Printing and Publishing the Regulations on the
      transaction conditions should be guaranteed with equal             Management of Mobile Number Portability Service. The
      rights to select the tariff plans.                                 Regulations on the Management of Mobile Number
                                                                         Portability Service (the “Regulations”) became effective
      On 23 April 2019, the NPCSC promulgated the amended                on 1 December 2019. The Regulations expressly allow
      Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic               the cellular mobile telecommunication users (excluding
      of China (the “Anti-Unfair Competition Law”), which was            the users of Internet of Things) to apply for a change of
      formally implemented on the same day. The amendments               the contracted fundamental business operator within
      to the Anti-Unfair Competition Law mainly involve the              the same local network area whilst retaining their phone
      provisions regarding the trade secrets of intellectual             numbers unchanged. Telecommunications business
      property rights. First, the scope of trade secrets has             operators should strictly implement the relevant provisions
      been expanded through the incorporation of a catch-all             on the real-name registration of users of mobile number
      description, which is no longer limited to “technical” or          portability service and ensure that the users whose
      “business operation” information. Second, the scope of             mobile numbers have been transferred from other
      the trade secret infringer has been expanded. Apart from           networks should be entitled to the same rights under the
      business operators, other natural persons, legal persons           same conditions. Providing an important basis for the
      and non-legal entities have been included in the scope of          supervision and inspection of the telecommunications
      the subject of liability for trade secret infringement. Third,     regulators, the Regulations explicitly require that in the
      given the practical situation of evolving infringement means       course of providing the mobile number portability service
      and conducts, it has been clarified that misappropriation          telecommunications business operators should not
      of trade secrets through electronic intrusion or indirect          engage in 9 types of prohibited conducts including to
      means, such as instigating, inducing and aiding others             refuse, prevent or delay the provision of mobile number
      to acquire the right holder’s trade secrets, will constitute       portability service to users without justifiable reasons,



146   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




to restrict the users from switching to another network         and services that affect or may affect national security. It
by means of expanding the scope of the agreement                further clarifies the standards and procedures of review
in relation the terms of service, to affect the quality of      and stipulates that if the reviewers fail to be objective and
telecommunications service provided to the mobile               fair, or are unable to undertake the obligation to remain
number portability service users through technical              the confidentiality of the information received during the
measures such as interception and restriction, to conduct       review, the operators or network product and service
a comparative promotion, fabricate or disseminate               providers may report this to the Cyber Security Review
false or misleading information or discredit other              Office or other relevant departments.
telecommunication business operators when promoting
the mobile number portability service and the relevant          On 28 May 2020, the third session of the 13th National
tariff plans, to design special tariff plans and marketing      People’s Congress passed the Civil Code of the People’s
schemes for mobile number portability service users,            Republic of China (the “Civil Code”), which was formally
continue to occupy the mobile numbers transferred-in            implemented on 1 January 2021. The Civil Code, for the
while the users have exited the network and to hinder or        first time, codifies the right of privacy as an independent
disrupt the normal operation of mobile number portability       personality right, stipulates a series of specific rules
service by means of handling the mobile number transfer         and formulates a framework of fundamental rights and

maliciously on behalf of the users, making complaints           obligations between natural persons and information

maliciously on behalf of the users, etc.                        processors. When conducting businesses, enterprises
                                                                shall effectively strengthen the awareness of privacy rights
                                                                of natural persons and personal data protection and
On 13 April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China,
                                                                strictly adhere to the principles of legality, justification and
the National Development and Reform Commission,
                                                                necessity. Enterprises shall collect and process personal
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the
                                                                information in strict compliance with the conditions as
Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of State Security
                                                                stipulated by laws and definitive agreements with the data
and other government departments jointly formulated the
                                                                subject concerned, and shall not over collect or process
Cyber Security Review Measures (the “Measures”), which
                                                                the data. The Civil Code provides principle provisions
became effective on 1 June 2020. The Measures further
                                                                on the protection of data and online virtual assets. The
refines the relevant provisions in the Interim Security
                                                                Company should continue to strengthen the protection
Review Measures for Network Products and Services,
                                                                of intangible assets such as proprietary data, online
which requires critical information infrastructures operators
                                                                virtual assets and intellectual property and enhance the
to make declaration when procuring network products             compliance on the usage of such intangible assets.




                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020          147
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      Apart from implementing the relevant latest and newly-          internal control, enhancing the safety of the Company’s
      amended laws and regulations in a timely manner, the            information system so that the integrity, timeliness and
      Company also actively and closely monitors forthcoming          reliability of data and information are maintained. At the
      changes in the relevant laws and regulations in order to        same time, the Company attaches great importance to
      strengthen the management of the relevant business              the control and monitoring of network information safety.
      operation behaviour, and safeguards the effective               The Company persistently optimises the relevant rules
      adherence to relevant laws and regulations so as                and guidances, further defines the responsible entities and
      to ensure that the Company’s operations are in full             regularly commences the inspection of network safety and
      compliance with the laws.                                       information safety in order to promote the enhancement of
                                                                      the awareness of network information safety and relevant
      Since 2003, based on the requirements of the U.S.               skills and knowledge.
      securities regulatory authorities and the COSO Internal
      Control Framework, and with the assistance of other             In 2020, based on external regulatory supervision,
      advisory institutions including external auditors, the          changes in policy environment and requirements for
      Company has formulated manuals, implementation rules            prevention and control of the Company’s key risks,
      and related rules in relation to internal control, and has      the Company also took into account measures for
      developed the Policies on Internal Control Management           deepened reform and innovation and changes in business
      and Internal Control Accountability Management to               development. In order to focus on responding quickly
      ensure the effective implementation of the above systems.       to market demands and supporting business innovation
      The Company has all along continuously revises and              and operational innovation for enterprises, the Company
      improves the manuals and implementation rules in view           conducted annual revision of internal control manuals,
      of the ever changing internal and external operation            list of authority and implementation guidance. The
      environment as well as the requirements of business             Company also supplemented and improved the contents
      development over the years. While continuing to improve         of information technology strategic plan, cybersecurity
      the internal control related policies, the Company has          deficiency management and management for providing
      also been strengthening its IT internal control capabilities,   services to specific customers for free and optimised
      which has improved the efficiency and effectiveness of          and adjusted business processes such as fixed asset
                                                                      maintenance and compliance with laws and regulations.




148   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Internal Audit Department plays a vital role in              evaluate the nature of internal control deficiencies and
supporting the Board, the management and the risk                reach a conclusion as to the effectiveness of the internal
management and internal control systems. The functions           control system, the Company adopts the following 4
of the Internal Audit Department, which are independent of       major steps of assessment: (1) analyse and identify areas
the Company’s business operations, are complementary             which require assessment, (2) assess the effectiveness
with the functions of the external auditors while the Internal   of the design of internal control, (3) assess the operating
Audit Department plays an important role in the monitoring       effectiveness of internal control, (4) analyse the impact
of the Company’s internal management. The Internal Audit         of deficiencies in internal control, judge the nature of
Department is responsible for internal control assessment        deficiencies in internal control and conclude on the
of the Company, and provides an objective assurance              effectiveness of the internal control system. At the same
to the Audit Committee and the Board that the risk               time, the Company rectifies any deficiencies found during
management and internal control systems are maintained           the assessment. By formulating the amended “Measures
and operated by the management in compliance with                for the Internal Control Assessment”, the “Manual for the
agreed processes and standards. The Internal Audit               Self-Assessment of Internal Control”, the “Manual for the
Department regularly reports the internal audit results to       Independent Assessment of Internal Control” and other
the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis, and reports            regulations, the Company has ensured the assessment
the internal audit results to the Board through the Audit        procedures are in compliance. In 2020, the Company’s
Committee.                                                       Internal Audit Department initiated and coordinated the
                                                                 assessment of internal control all over the Company,
ANNUAL EVALUATION OF RISK                                        and reported the results to the Audit Committee and the
MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL                                          Board.
CONTROL SYSTEMS
                                                                 In terms of internal control self-assessment, the
The Company has been continuously improving its                  Company continued to insist on 100% coverage of all
risk management and internal control systems so as               units (including the newly incorporated professional
to meet the regulatory requirements of its places of             companies). Through the self-assessment for the
listing, including the United States and Hong Kong, and          year 2020, management responsibilities were further
strengthen its internal control while guarding against           strengthened, and top leaders of companies at all levels
operational risk.                                                were identified as primary individuals responsible for
                                                                 self-assessment for fulfilment with prime responsibility.
The Company has adopted the COSO Internal Control                The Company enhanced the self-assessment of the
Framework (2013) as the standard for the internal control        development and the operation effectiveness of the
assessment. With the management’s internal control               integrated supervision system for internal control, risk
testing guidelines and the Auditing Standard No. 2201            and compliance management, and further intensified
that were issued by The Public Company Accounting                the self-assessment of cross-level, cross-department
Oversight Board (PCAOB) as its directives, the Company’s         and cross-system processes. Through collaboration,
internal control assessment system is composed of the            the Company built the internal control self-assessment
self-assessment conducted by the persons responsible for         mechanism that was mutually integrated, collaborative
internal control together with the independent assessment        and efficient. Taking into account changes in internal and
conducted by the Internal Audit Department. In order to          external environment and risk prevention focuses and



                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      149
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      focusing on the integrity and reliability of financial reports,   Furthermore, the Company organised the risk management
      compliance of operation and management and key risk               and internal control assessment team and other relevant
      control areas, the Company assessed the effectiveness             departments to closely coordinate with the external
      of the design and implementation of internal control and          auditors’ audit of internal control over financial reporting.
      focused on the soundness and effectiveness of enterprise          The internal control audit performed by the external
      risk management system and compliance with laws and               auditor covered the Company and all of its subsidiaries as
      regulations in light of increasing downward pressure on           well as the key processes and control points in relation to
      the economy, complex and ever-changing international              material financial statements items. The external auditors
      situation and growing complexity of business environment.         regularly communicated with the management in respect
      In response to the internal control deficiencies identified       of the audit results.
      during the self-assessment, the Company identified the
      responsibilities one by one, timely rectified the deficiencies,   The Company attaches great importance to rectifying
      and effectively controlled and prevented any potential risks      internal control deficiencies. Focusing on deficiencies and
      to continuously improve the effectiveness of the design           problems identified through self-assessment, independent
      and implementation of internal control.                           assessment and internal and external audit, particularly
                                                                        cross-departmental and cross-professional problems, the
      The internal control independent assessment was                   Company actively mobilised the function of collaborative
      conducted with full coverage of all relevant units for            risk prevention. The relevant business departments jointly
      a period of three years. On this basis, the scope                 discussed and formulated rectification measures, specified
      of assessment was further expanded in 2020 and                    the acceptance criteria and monitored the rectification
      independent assessment was conducted on 4 provincial              results. Entities at all levels carried out multi-layered and
      branches and 10 professional companies. In terms                  full-dimensional reviews of its internal control system
      of the assessment method, firstly, the Company                    through self-assessments and independent assessments
      further enhanced the integration with internal control            and put its utmost efforts into rectifying the problems
      self-assessment and inspected the quality of self-                which were identified. Through this method, the Company
      assessment in the independent assessment, promoted                was able to ensure the effectiveness of its internal
      the improvement of the self-inspection and self-healing           control and successfully passed the year-end attestation
      capabilities of the relevant units. Secondly, several             undertaken by the external auditors.
      departments of the Company jointly conducted special
      investigations to evaluate the risk areas affecting the           The Board oversees the Company’s risk management
      development of the company from multiple perspectives.            and internal control systems on an on-going basis and
      In terms of assessment areas, the Company focused on              the Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted
      the soundness of internal control system and effectiveness        an annual review of the risk management and internal
      of the design and implementation of internal control, in          control systems of the Company and its subsidiaries
      particular high-risk areas and problems that occurred             for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which
      frequently and analysed the cause of identified problems,         covered all material areas including financial controls,
      promoting the rectification from point to surface. During         operational controls and compliance controls, as well as
      the year, the independent assessment of internal control          its risk management functions. After receiving the reports
      improved the quality of assessment and effectiveness of           from the Internal Audit Department and the confirmation
      rectification, effectively prevented risks and enhanced the       from the management to the Board on the effectiveness
      corporate self-healing capability, and safeguarded the            of the Company’s risk management and internal control
      healthy corporate development.                                    systems (including Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                                        risk management and internal control systems), the




150   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




    Management held results announcement meetings and communicated with investors and media through conference
    call in Beijing due to the Epidemic


Board is of the view that these systems are solid, well        in Hong Kong to provide convenience and encourage
established, effective and sufficient. The annual review       its shareholders, especially the public shareholders,
also confirms the adequacy of resources relating to the        to actively participate in the Company’s annual
Company’s accounting, internal control and financial           general meeting and to promote direct and two-way
reporting functions, the sufficiency of the qualifications     communications between the Board and shareholders.
and experience of staff, together with the adequacy of the     Due to the COVID-19 Epidemic in 2020, the management
staff’s training programmes and the relevant budget.           was unable to attend the results announcement briefings
                                                               and the annual general meeting in person in Hong Kong.
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND                                         Therefore, the management announced the results and
TRANSPARENT INFORMATION                                        communicated with investors, shareholders and the media
DISCLOSURE MECHANISM                                           through online and video conferencing. Meanwhile, the
                                                               Company set up a dedicated investor relations enquiry
The Company established an Investor Relations                  line, for the purpose of providing a direct channel to
Department which is responsible for providing                  address enquiries from the investment community. This
shareholders and investors with the necessary                  allows the Company to better serve its shareholders and
information, data and services in a timely manner. It also     investors.
maintains proactive communications with shareholders,
investors and other capital market participants so as to       With an aim of strengthening communications with the
allow them to fully and timely understand the operation        capital market and enhancing transparency of information
and development of the Company. The Company’s                  disclosure, the Company has provided quarterly
senior management presents the annual results and              disclosure of revenue, operating expenses, EBITDA,
interim results every year. Through various activities such    net profit figures and other key operational data, and
as analyst meetings, press conferences, global investor        monthly announcements of the number of access lines in
telephone conferences and investors road shows,                service, mobile and wireline broadband subscribers. The
senior management provides the capital market and              Company attaches great importance to maintaining daily
media with important information and responds to key           communication with shareholders, investors and analysts.
questions which are of prime concerns to the investors.        In 2020, facing travel restriction brought by the COVID-19
This has helped reinforce the understanding of the             Epidemic, the Company proactively participated in a
Company’s business and the overall development of the          number of investor conferences held by a number of major
telecommunications industry in China. Since 2004, the          international investment banks around the globe through
Company has been holding the annual general meeting            online meetings, which facilitated the communication with
                                                               institutional investors.

                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020     151
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      In 2020, the Company attended the following investor conferences held by major international investment banks:


      Date                          Name of Conference
      January 2020                  ICBCI Corporate Pre-blackout NDR
      January 2020                  UBS Greater China Conference 2020
      January 2020                  Morgan Stanley China New Economy Summit 2020
      March 2020                    Morgan Stanley Virtual Access Summit 2020
      April 2020                    Bernstein 6th Annual China Telco Symposium
      May 2020                      Nomura Virtual Greater China TMT Corporate Day 2020
      May 2020                      Goldman Sachs TechNet Conference – Asia Pacific 2020
      June 2020                     BofA 2020 Innovative China Virtual Conference
      June 2020                     CITIC Securities Capital Market Forum 2020
      June 2020                     China Merchants Securities Mid-year Online Strategy Conference 2020
      August 2020                   Nomura Virtual China Investor Forum 2020
      September 2020                UBS China TMI Conference 2020
      September 2020                Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia TMT Conference 2020
      September 2020                CLSA 27th Investors’ Forum
      September 2020                Inaugural Jefferies Asia Forum
      September 2020                Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia Pacific Conference 2020
      November 2020                 11th Credit Suisse China Investment Conference
      November 2020                 Citi China Investor Conference 2020
      November 2020                 BofA China Conference 2020
      November 2020                 Goldman Sachs China Conference 2020
      November 2020                 Daiwa Investment Conference Hong Kong 2020
      November 2020                 Morgan Stanley Virtual European Technology, Media & Telecoms Conference 2020
      November 2020                 Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia Pacific Summit 2020
      November 2020                 Nomura Virtual 5G/Tech Corporate Day 2020




152   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




The Company’s investor relations website                    anytime anywhere. The Company’s website is equipped
(www.chinatelecom-h.com) not only serves as an              with a number of useful functions including interactive
important channel for the Company to disseminate press      stock quote, interactive KPI, interactive FAQs, auto
releases and corporate information to investors, media      email alerts of investors activities, downloading to excel,
and the capital market, but also plays a significant role   RSS Feeds, self-selected items in investors briefcase,
in the Company’s valuation and our compliance with          html version annual report, financial highlights, investor
regulatory requirements for information disclosure. The     toolbar, historical stock quote, adding investor events to
Company launched a responsive website with the latest       calendars, content sharing to social media, etc. In addition
technology, which allows automatic adjustment to fit for    to setting up a dedicated investor relations enquiry line, a
different screen resolution and user interface, assuring    specialised appointment function to schedule a meeting
the best browsing experience of website content with        with investor relations professionals was also launched
desktop computers, laptops or mobile devices. This          on the Company’s website, to promote direct and close
allows investors, shareholders, reporters and the general   communication between the Company and investors, as
public to browse the latest information on the Company’s    well as to increase transparency.
website with any device more easily and promptly
                                                            The Company also strives to enhance the disclosure
                                                            quality and format of annual report. The Company further
                                                            enhanced the transparency of disclosure in environmental,
                                                            social and governance areas, by following the original
                                                            guidelines of Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                            Reporting Guide, Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules, to
                                                            report the Company’s achievements and key performance
                                                            indicators on environmental protection, while also took
                                                            initiative to comply with and adapt to the Listing Rules
                                                            which were newly amended but not yet effective as
                                                            well as the new guidelines of Environmental, Social and
                                                            Governance Reporting Guide. For details, please refer
                                                            to the Environmental, Social and Governance report of
                                                            this Annual Report. Relevant indicators and data were
                                                            analysed and assessed by independent third party to
                                                            ensure compliance with relevant requirements.


                                                            The Company also actively seeks recommendations
                                                            on how to improve the Company’s annual report
                                                            from shareholders through survey, and prepared and
                                                            distributed the annual report in a more environmentally-




                                                                China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       153
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      friendly and cost-saving manner according to the            The Company has always maintained a sound and
      recommendations received. Shareholders can ascertain        effective information disclosure mechanism while keeping
      their choice of receiving the annual reports and            highly transparent communications with media, analysts
      communications by electronic means, or receiving printed    and investors. Meanwhile, we attach great importance
      version in English and/or Chinese. The Company clearly      to the handling of inside information and have formulated
      and precisely delivered the messages about its strategies   rules on information disclosures and guidelines on inside
      and goals in its 2019 Annual Report “Connecting Infinity,   information which encompass (including but not limited to)
      Empowering Future”, so that shareholders and investors      disclosure of sensitive information and rules on confidential
      can easily understand the Company’s development             information, identifying the scope of inside information,
      directions and focus. The print and online versions of      procedure and management guidelines on handling
      2019 Annual Report won a number of top accolades in         inside information. In general, the authorised speakers
      international competitions, including being ranked No.7     only clarify and explain on information that is available
      of “Top 100 Reports Worldwide” (No.1 in Asia Pacific) in    on the market, and avoid providing or divulging any
      “LACP 2019 Vision Awards”. They also received a number      unpublished inside information either as an individual or
      of platinum and gold awards in categories including         as a team. Before conducting any external interview, if the
      telecommunications and technology industries, among         authorised speaker has any doubt about the information
      others. In addition, the Company’s print Annual Report      to be disclosed, he/she would seek verification from the
      has earned the gold award in “2020 International ARC        relevant person or the person-in-charge of the relevant
      Awards”. These prestigious honours reflect the unanimous    department, so as to determine if such information is
      worldwide recognition towards China Telecom’s tireless      accurate. In addition, discussions on the Company’s key
      pursuit of excellence and globally leading performance      financial data or other financial indicators are avoided
      on corporate governance and disclosure, on both             during the blackout periods.
      conventional and digital channels.




154   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS                                                    Process of forwarding shareholders’ enquiries
                                                                to the Board or requesting for convening of an

Details of shareholders by class and shareholding               extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting or

structure can be referred to the Report of the Directors on     proposing new motions

pages 48 to 79 of this annual report.                           Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries,
                                                                requests, proposals and concerns to the Board in

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS                                            writing through the Company Secretary and the Investor
                                                                Relations Department.

Procedures for convening of an extraordinary
general meeting or a class meeting                              To conform with the operation needs for corporate

According to the Articles of Association, shareholders          governance after the A Share Offering, the Company is

who request for the convening of an extraordinary general       required to amend the Articles of Association pursuant to

meeting or a class meeting shall comply with the following      the Securities Law and the Guidelines for the Articles of

procedures:                                                     Association and other relevant laws and regulations. The
                                                                relevant amendments (including those articles applicable

2 or more shareholders holding in aggregate 10% or              to shareholders’ rights) will be submitted for the approval

more of the shares carrying the right to vote at the            by the shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary

meeting sought to be held shall sign one or more written        general meeting to be held on 9 April 2021. The new

requisitions in the same format and with the same               applicable Articles of Association will take effect from the

content, stating the proposed matters to be discussed           date of the A Share Offering and Listing upon approval by

at the meeting, and requiring the Board to convene an           the shareholders of the Company and fulfilment of relevant

extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting thereof.       procedures of the regulatory authorities.

The Board shall convene an extraordinary general meeting
within 2 months. If the Board fails to issue a notice of such   Please refer to the announcement published by the

a meeting within 30 days from the date of receipt of the        Company on 9 March 2021 and the relevant circular for

requisitions, the shareholders who make the requisitions        further details.

may themselves convene such a meeting (in a manner as
similar as possible to the manner in which shareholders’        The contact details of the Company Secretary are as

meetings are convened by the Board) within 4 months             follows:

from the date of receipt of the requisitions by the Board.
                                                                The Company Secretary

Procedures for proposing resolutions at the annual              China Telecom Corporation Limited

general meeting                                                 28th Floor, Everbright Centre,

When the Company convenes an annual general meeting,            108 Gloucester Road, Wanchai,

shareholders holding 3% or more of the total voting             Hong Kong

shares of the Company shall have the right to propose           Email:        ir@chinatelecom-h.com

new motions in writing, and the Company shall place such        Tel No.:      (852) 2877 9777

proposed motions on the agenda for such annual general          IR Enquiry:   (852) 2582 0388

meeting if they are matters falling within the functions and    Fax No.:      (852) 2877 0988

powers of shareholders’ meetings.



                                                                     China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      155
      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Corporate Governance Report




      A dedicated “Investor” section is available on the           amend notice period, shareholders’ proposal rights and
      Company’s website (www.chinatelecom-h.com). There            convening procedures for general meetings applicable
      is a FAQ function in the “Investor” section designated to    to joint stock companies incorporated in the PRC and
      enable timely, effective and interactive communication       listed overseas, the Company amended the relevant
      between the Company, shareholders and investors.             provisions in the Articles of Association regarding notice
      Company Secretary and the Investor Relations                 period, shareholders’ proposal rights and convening
      Department of the Company handle both telephone and          procedures for the general meetings. Please refer to
      written enquiries from shareholders of the Company from      the announcement published by the Company on 24
      time to time. Shareholders’ enquiries and concerns will      March 2020 in relation to the proposed amendments
      be forwarded to the Board and/or the relevant Board          to the Articles of Association and the circular published
      Committees of the Company, where appropriate, which          by the Company on 9 April 2020 for the details of the
      will answer the shareholders’ questions. Information on      amendments.
      the Company’s website is updated regularly.
                                                                   SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES
      AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF                                    BETWEEN THE CORPORATE
      ASSOCIATION                                                  GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
                                                                   FOLLOWED BY THE COMPANY
      At the 2019 Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2020,      AND THOSE FOLLOWED BY NYSE-
      the shareholders approved the amendments to the Articles     LISTED U.S. COMPANIES
      of Association. Pursuant to the requirements of regulatory
      authorities and the actual operational needs of the          The Company was established in the PRC and is currently
      Company, the Company amended the relevant provisions         listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the NYSE.
      of the Articles of Association regarding the scope of        As a foreign private issuer in respect of its listing on the
      business to reflect the amendments to the contents of        NYSE, the Company is not required to comply with all
      the operation permit for value-added telecommunications      corporate governance rules of Section 303A of the NYSE
      businesses. Pursuant to the requirements of “Reply of the    Listed Company Manual. However, the Company is
      State Council on the Adjustment of the Notice Period of      required to disclose the significant differences between the
      the General Meeting and Other Matters Applicable to the      corporate governance practices of the Company and the
      Overseas Listed Companies (Guo Han [2019] No. 97)” to        listing standards followed by NYSE-listed U.S. companies.




156   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




Pursuant to the requirements of the NYSE Listed                 for corporate governance; therefore, the Company has
Company Manual, the Board of all NYSE-listed U.S.               not formulated any separate corporate governance
companies must be made up by a majority of Independent          guidelines. However, the Company has implemented the
Directors. Under currently applicable PRC and Hong              code provisions under the Corporate Governance Code
Kong laws and regulations, the Board is not required to         and Corporate Governance Report as set out in Appendix
be formed with a majority of Independent Directors. As a        14 of the Listing Rules for the financial year ended 31
listed company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the             December 2020.
Company needs to comply with the Listing Rules. The
Listing Rules require that at least one-third of the Board      CONTINUOUS EVOLUTION OF
of a listed company in Hong Kong be Independent Non-            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Executive Directors. As at the date of this report, the
Board comprises 10 Directors, of which 4 are Independent        The Company continuously analyses the corporate
Directors, making the number of Independent Directors           governance development of international advanced
exceeds one-third of the total number of Directors on           enterprises and the investors’ desires, constantly examines
the Board, in compliance with the requirements of the           and strengthens the corporate governance measures
Listing Rules. These Independent Directors also satisfy the     and practice, and improves the current practices at the
requirements on “independence” under the Listing Rules.         appropriate time; we strongly believe that by adhering to
However, the related standard set out in the Listing Rules is   good corporate governance principles, and improving the
different from the requirements in Section 303A.02 of the       transparency of operations, as well as the establishment
NYSE Listed Company Manual.                                     of the effective accountability system, we can ensure the
                                                                long-term stable development of the Company and seek
Pursuant to the requirements of the NYSE Listed                 sustainable returns for the shareholders and investors.
Company Manual, companies shall formulate separate
corporate governance guidelines. Under the currently            For further information, please browse our website at
applicable PRC and Hong Kong laws and regulations,
the Company is not required to formulate any guidelines         www.chinatelecom-h.com




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020      157
                     1  47
                        16
                          0
Digitalisation
    for the Future
                            0
0                      96
                     2130
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA TELECOM CORPORATION LIMITED
(Incorporated in The People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Telecom Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 164 to 244, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31
December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Revenue recognition

We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter because      Our procedures in relation to revenue recognition comprising both
there is an inherent industry risk around the accuracy of revenue    control testing and substantive procedures on a sample basis,
recorded by the IT billing systems given the complexity of the       included involving our internal IT specialists to assist with:
systems and the significance of volumes of data processed by
the systems.                                                         •         Testing the IT environment in which the billing systems
                                                                               reside, including interface controls between different IT
Revenues from the provision of telecommunications services are,                applications.
in general, recognised as performance obligations are satisfied.
Fees for telecommunications packages are recognised for each         •         Testing the key controls over the calculation of the
service type in the packages. The data records are captured and                amounts billed to customers and the capturing and
the revenue transactions are recorded by the IT billing systems.               recording of the revenue transactions.

Details of the accounting policies for revenue recognition and       •         Testing the key controls over the authorisation of the rate
an analysis of revenues are disclosed in Notes 3(m) and 28,                    changes and the input of such rates to the billing systems.
respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                     •         Testing the end-to-end reconciliations from data records to
                                                                               the billing systems and to the general ledger.

                                                                     •         Testing material journals processed between the billing
                                                                               systems and the general ledger.

                                                                     •         Testing the accuracy of customer bill calculations and the
                                                                               respective revenue transactions recorded.

Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets within the cash-generating unit

We identified the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets       Our procedures in relation to the impairment of goodwill and long-
within the cash-generating unit as a key audit matter because        lived assets within the cash-generating unit included:
the impairment assessment of cash-generating unit requires the
management to exercise significant judgments relating to the         •         With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
estimation of level of revenue, amount of operating costs and                  assessing the discount rate and assumptions used by the
applicable discount rate.                                                      management in the value in use model and comparing
                                                                               the discount rate used by the management to externally
Details of the accounting policies for impairment of goodwill                  derived data and our own assessments of key inputs used
and long-lived assets and the related accounting estimates are                 in deriving the discount rate.
disclosed in Notes 3(h) and 48, respectively, to the consolidated
financial statements. Details of goodwill impairment assessment      •         With the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
are disclosed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.              comparing the key inputs to the projected cash flows,
                                                                               such as the number of subscribers, the average
                                                                               revenue per subscriber and amount of operating costs,
                                                                               with corresponding historical data to evaluate the
                                                                               reasonableness of the management’s projections.

                                                                     •         Assessing and challenging the significant judgments
                                                                               and estimates used in the management’s impairment
                                                                               assessment and evaluating the sensitivity analysis
                                                                               performed by the management.




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:


•       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
        design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
        to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
        resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
        control.


•       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
        circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also: (continued)


•       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
        disclosures made by the directors.


•       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
        evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
        the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
        attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
        inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
        report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
        whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
        presentation.


•       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
        Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
        performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ip Kan Wah.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
9 March 2021




                                                                            China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
at 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions)




                                                                                       31 December   31 December
                                                                                              2020          2019
                                                                               Notes          RMB           RMB

ASSETS

Non-current assets

  Property, plant and equipment, net                                              4        418,605       410,008

  Construction in progress                                                        5         48,425        59,206

  Right-of-use assets                                                             6         59,457        61,549

  Goodwill                                                                        7         29,920        29,923

  Intangible assets                                                               8         18,508        16,349

  Interests in associates                                                        10         40,303        39,192

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                         73             –

  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income            11          1,073         1,458

  Deferred tax assets                                                            12          8,164         7,577

  Other assets                                                                   13          6,552         4,687

     Total non-current assets                                                              631,080       629,949

Current assets

  Inventories                                                                    15          3,317         2,880

  Income tax recoverable                                                                       334         1,662

  Accounts receivable, net                                                       16         21,502        21,489

  Contract assets                                                                17            604          474

  Prepayments and other current assets                                           18         25,167        22,219

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          –           39

  Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash                                               9,408         3,628

  Cash and cash equivalents                                                      19         23,684        20,791

     Total current assets                                                                   84,016        73,182

       Total assets                                                                        715,096       703,131




The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
at 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions)




                                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                                                                        2020                  2019
                                                                               Notes                    RMB                   RMB

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Current liabilities

  Short-term debt                                                                20                     27,994               42,527

  Current portion of long-term debt                                              20                       1,126                  4,444

  Accounts payable                                                               21                    107,578              102,616

  Accrued expenses and other payables                                            22                     56,775               48,516

  Contract liabilities                                                           23                     63,849               54,388

  Income tax payable                                                                                        350                   243

  Current portion of lease liabilities                                           24                     13,192               11,569

  Current portion of deferred revenues                                           25                         278                   358

     Total current liabilities                                                                         271,142              264,661

         Net current liabilities                                                                      (187,126)            (191,479)

         Total assets less current liabilities                                                         443,954              438,470

Non-current liabilities

  Long-term debt                                                                 20                     24,222               32,051

  Lease liabilities                                                              24                     27,455               30,577

  Deferred revenues                                                              25                         861                  1,097

  Deferred tax liabilities                                                       12                     24,208               19,078

  Other non-current liabilities                                                                           1,033                   627

     Total non-current liabilities                                                                      77,779               83,430

         Total liabilities                                                                             348,921              348,091

Equity

  Share capital                                                                  26                     80,932               80,932

  Reserves                                                                       27                    282,524              271,578

     Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                        363,456              352,510

     Non-controlling interests                                                                            2,719                  2,530

         Total equity                                                                                  366,175              355,040

           Total liabilities and equity                                                                715,096              703,131


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 9 March 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:



                              Ke Ruiwen                                                        Zhu Min
                             Chairman and                                                 Executive Director,
                         Chief Executive Officer                          Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions except for per share data)




                                                                                          2020        2019
                                                                               Notes      RMB         RMB

Operating revenues                                                               28    393,561     375,734

Operating expenses

  Depreciation and amortisation                                                         (90,240)    (88,145)

  Network operations and support                                                 29    (119,517)   (109,799)

  Selling, general and administrative                                                   (55,059)    (57,361)

  Personnel expenses                                                             30     (65,989)    (63,567)

  Other operating expenses                                                       31     (29,074)    (27,792)

  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                                4      (5,042)          –

     Total operating expenses                                                    32    (364,921)   (346,664)

Operating profit                                                                        28,640      29,070

Net finance costs                                                                33      (3,014)     (3,639)

Investment income                                                                           60           30

Share of profits of associates                                                            1,701      1,573

Profit before taxation                                                                  27,387      27,034

Income tax                                                                       34      (6,307)     (6,322)

Profit for the year                                                                     21,080      20,712

Other comprehensive income for the year

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Change in fair value of investments in equity instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                                     (385)       604

  Deferred tax on change in fair value of investments in equity instruments
    at fair value through other comprehensive income                                        97         (147)

                                                                                           (288)       457

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:

  Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
    subsidiaries outside mainland China                                                    (312)       102

  Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                          (4)         (2)

                                                                                           (316)       100

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                        (604)       557

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 20,476      21,269




The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions except for per share data)




                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                Note                  RMB               RMB

Profit attributable to

  Equity holders of the Company                                                                     20,850            20,517

  Non-controlling interests                                                                            230               195

Profit for the year                                                                                 21,080            20,712

Total comprehensive income attributable to

  Equity holders of the Company                                                                     20,244            21,074

  Non-controlling interests                                                                            232               195

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             20,476            21,269

Basic earnings per share                                                         39                   0.26              0.25

Number of shares (in millions)                                                   39                 80,932            80,932




The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions)




                                                                                       Attributable to equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                           General                                                           Non-
                                                             Share    Capital       Share     Surplus          risk       Other        Exchange     Retained            controlling      Total
                                                            capital   reserve    premium     reserves      reserve     reserves          reserve    earnings      Total interests       equity
                                                    Notes     RMB       RMB          RMB        RMB          RMB          RMB              RMB         RMB        RMB        RMB         RMB

Balance as at 1 January 2019                                80,932    17,806       10,746      76,231            –          160             (727)    155,481    340,629       1,027    341,656

Profit for the year                                              –          –           –           –            –             –               –      20,517     20,517        195      20,712

Other comprehensive income for the year                          –          –           –           –            –          455             102            –       557            –       557

Total comprehensive income for the year                          –          –           –           –            –          455             102       20,517     21,074        195      21,269

Contribution from non-controlling interests                      –          –           –           –            –             –               –           –          –       1,500      1,500

Acquisition of non-controlling interests                         –          3           –           –            –             –               –           –          3         (11)        (8)

Distribution to non-controlling interests                        –          –           –           –            –             –               –           –          –        (181)      (181)

Share of an associate’s other changes in reserves                –       (305)          –           –            –             –               –           –       (305)          –       (305)

Dividends                                            38          –          –           –           –            –             –               –      (8,891)    (8,891)          –     (8,891)

Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve          27          –          –           –       1,812            –             –               –      (1,812)         –           –          –

Appropriations to general risk reserve               27          –          –           –           –           23             –               –         (23)         –           –          –

Balance as at 31 December 2019                              80,932    17,504       10,746      78,043           23          615             (625)    165,272    352,510       2,530    355,040

Profit for the year                                              –          –           –           –            –             –               –      20,850     20,850        230      21,080

Other comprehensive income for the year                          –          –           –           –            –          (294)           (312)          –       (606)          2       (604)

Total comprehensive income for the year                          –          –           –           –            –          (294)           (312)     20,850     20,244        232      20,476

Acquisition of non-controlling interests                         –          –           –           –            –             –               –           –          –          (1)        (1)

Distribution to non-controlling interests                        –          –           –           –            –             –               –           –          –         (42)       (42)

Share of associates’ other changes in reserves                   –        (36)          –           –            –             –               –           –        (36)          –        (36)

Dividends                                            38          –          –           –           –            –             –               –      (9,262)    (9,262)          –     (9,262)

Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve          27          –          –           –       1,811            –             –               –      (1,811)         –           –          –

Appropriations to general risk reserve               27          –          –           –           –           33             –               –         (33)         –           –          –

Balance as at 31 December 2020                              80,932    17,468       10,746      79,854           56          321             (937)    175,016    363,456       2,719    366,175




The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions)




                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                               Notes                  RMB               RMB

Net cash from operating activities                                               (a)               132,260           112,600

Cash flows used in investing activities

  Capital expenditure                                                                               (88,748)         (82,853)

  Purchase of investments                                                                               (74)            (478)

  Payments for right-of-use assets                                                                     (220)            (310)

  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              863             2,514

  Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use assets                                                         24               115

  Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                                 47               296

  Purchase of short-term bank deposits                                                               (4,664)           (5,119)

  Maturity of short-term bank deposits                                                               5,695             8,621

Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (87,077)         (77,214)

Cash flows used in financing activities

  Repayments of principal of lease liabilities                                                      (12,738)         (10,699)

  Proceeds from bank and other loans                                                                81,049           103,315

  Repayments of bank and other loans                                                              (106,982)         (120,107)

  Payment of dividends                                                                               (9,262)           (8,891)

  Distribution to non-controlling interests                                                             (42)            (181)

  Payment for the acquisition of non-controlling interests                                               (1)               (8)

  Contribution from non-controlling interests                                                             –            1,590

  Advanced payment received in respect of contribution from non-
    controlling interest                                                                               978                  –

  Net deposits with Finance Company                                              (b)                 5,728             4,098

  Increase in statutory reserve deposits placed by Finance Company               (b)                   (837)            (405)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                               (42,107)         (31,288)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                            3,076             4,098

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                              20,791            16,666

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                                                             (183)              27

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                            23,684            20,791




The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (Amounts in millions)




(a)     RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION TO NET CASH FROM
        OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                                     RMB                RMB

        Profit before taxation                                                                     27,387             27,034

        Adjustment for:

          Depreciation and amortisation                                                            90,240             88,145

          Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                                          5,042                   –

          Impairment losses for financial assets and other items, net of reversal                   1,512               1,695

          Write down of inventories, net of reversal                                                   35                  61

          Investment income                                                                            (60)               (30)

          Share of profits of associates                                                            (1,701)            (1,573)

          Interest income                                                                            (582)               (492)

          Interest expense                                                                          3,433               4,090

          Net foreign exchange loss                                                                   163                  41

          Net loss on retirement and disposal of long-lived assets                                  3,827               2,710

        Operating profit before changes in working capital                                        129,296            121,681

          Increase in accounts receivable                                                           (1,771)            (2,601)

          (Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                                     (132)                  4

          (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                         (474)              1,891

          (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other current assets                                (116)              1,045

          (Increase)/decrease in restricted cash                                                    (6,097)                89

          (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                       (2,971)              414

          Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable                                                   5,689              (2,657)

          Increase in accrued expenses and other payables                                           1,934                614

          Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                               9,516              (1,412)

          Decrease in deferred revenues                                                                (55)               (90)

        Cash generated from operations                                                            134,819            118,978

          Interest received                                                                           594                474

          Interest paid                                                                             (3,524)            (4,200)

          Investment income received                                                                  603                133

          Income tax paid                                                                            (232)             (2,785)

        Net cash from operating activities                                                        132,260            112,600


(b)     “Finance Company” refers to China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company established on 8 January
        2019, providing capital and financial management services to the member units of China Telecommunications Corporation.

The notes on pages 171 to 244 form part of these consolidated financial statements.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




1.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES, ORGANISATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
      Principal activities

      China Telecom Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter, collectively referred to as the “Group”)
      offers a comprehensive range of wireline and mobile telecommunications services including voice, Internet, telecommunications
      network resource and equipment services, information and application services and other related services. The Group provides
      wireline telecommunications services and related services in Beijing Municipality, Shanghai Municipality, Guangdong Province,
      Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province, Fujian Province, Jiangxi Province, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
      Region, Chongqing Municipality, Sichuan Province, Hubei Province, Hunan Province, Hainan Province, Guizhou Province,
      Yunnan Province, Shaanxi Province, Gansu Province, Qinghai Province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region and Xinjiang Uygur
      Autonomous Region of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Group also provides mobile telecommunications and
      related services in the mainland China and Macau Special Administrative Region (“Macau”) of the PRC. The Group also provides
      international telecommunications services, including network services, Internet access and transit, Internet Data Centre and
      mobile virtual network services in certain countries and regions of the Asia Pacific, Europe, Africa, South America and North
      America. The operations of the Group in the mainland China are subject to the supervision by the PRC government and relevant
      regulation.


      Organisation

      As part of the reorganisation (the “Restructuring”) of China Telecommunications Corporation, the Company was incorporated in
      the PRC on 10 September 2002. In connection with the Restructuring, China Telecommunications Corporation transferred to
      the Company the wireline telecommunications business and related operations in Shanghai Municipality, Guangdong Province,
      Jiangsu Province and Zhejiang Province together with the related assets and liabilities in consideration for 68,317 million ordinary
      domestic shares of the Company. The shares issued to China Telecommunications Corporation have a par value of RMB1.00
      each and represented the entire registered and issued share capital of the Company at that date.


      On 31 December 2003, the Company acquired the entire equity interests in Anhui Telecom Company Limited, Fujian Telecom
      Company Limited, Jiangxi Telecom Company Limited, Guangxi Telecom Company Limited, Chongqing Telecom Company
      Limited and Sichuan Telecom Company Limited (collectively the “First Acquired Group”) and certain network management
      and research and development facilities from China Telecommunications Corporation for a total purchase price of RMB46,000
      million (hereinafter, referred to as the “First Acquisition”).


      On 30 June 2004, the Company acquired the entire equity interests in Hubei Telecom Company Limited, Hunan Telecom
      Company Limited, Hainan Telecom Company Limited, Guizhou Telecom Company Limited, Yunnan Telecom Company
      Limited, Shaanxi Telecom Company Limited, Gansu Telecom Company Limited, Qinghai Telecom Company Limited, Ningxia
      Telecom Company Limited and Xinjiang Telecom Company Limited (collectively the “Second Acquired Group”) from China
      Telecommunications Corporation for a total purchase price of RMB27,800 million (hereinafter, referred to as the “Second
      Acquisition”).


      On 30 June 2007, the Company acquired the entire equity interests in China Telecom System Integration Co., Ltd. (“CTSI”),
      China Telecom Global Limited (“CT Global”) and China Telecom (Americas) Corporation (“CT Americas”) (collectively the “Third
      Acquired Group”) from China Telecommunications Corporation for a total purchase price of RMB1,408 million (hereinafter,
      referred to as the “Third Acquisition”).


      On 30 June 2008, the Company acquired the entire equity interest in China Telecom Group Beijing Corporation (“Beijing
      Telecom” or the “Fourth Acquired Company”) from China Telecommunications Corporation for a total purchase price of
      RMB5,557 million (hereinafter, referred to as the “Fourth Acquisition”).




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




1.     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES, ORGANISATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
       (continued)
       Organisation (continued)

       On 1 August 2011 and 1 December 2011, the subsidiaries of the Company, E-surfing Pay Co., Ltd (“E-surfing Pay”) and
       E-surfing Media Co., Ltd. (“E-surfing Media”), acquired the e-commerce business and video media business (collectively the
       “Fifth Acquired Group”) from China Telecommunications Corporation and its subsidiaries for a total purchase price of RMB61
       million (hereinafter, referred to as the “Fifth Acquisition”). The Company disposed the equity interest in E-surfing Media to China
       Telecommunications Corporation in 2013.


       On 30 April 2012, the Company acquired the digital trunking business (the “Sixth Acquired Business”) from Besttone Holding
       Co., Ltd. (“Besttone Holding”), a subsidiary of China Telecommunications Corporation, at a purchase price of RMB48 million
       (hereinafter, referred to as the “Sixth Acquisition”).


       On 31 December 2013, CT Global, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100% equity interest in China Telecom (Europe)
       Limited (“CT Europe” or the “Seventh Acquired Company”), a wholly owned subsidiary of China Telecommunications
       Corporation, from China Telecommunications Corporation for a total purchase price of RMB278 million (hereinafter, referred to as
       the “Seventh Acquisition”).


       On 31 October 2017, the Company disposed of the 100% equity interest in Chengdu E-store Technology Co., Ltd (“E-store”),
       a subsidiary of the Company, to Besttone Holding. The final consideration for the disposal of the equity interest in E-store was
       arrived at RMB251 million, among which RMB249 million was received on 16 November 2017 and the remaining balance of
       RMB2 million was received in 2018.


       In December 2017, the Company acquired the satellite communications business (the “Satcom Business”) from China Telecom
       Satellite Communication Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of China Telecommunications Corporation, at a purchase price
       of RMB70 million. In the same month, E-surfing Pay acquired a 100% interest in Shaanxi Zhonghe Hengtai Insurance Agent
       Limited (currently known as Orange Insurance Agent Limited) (“Orange Insurance”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Shaanxi
       Communications Services Company Limited (“Shaanxi Comservice”, a company ultimately held by China Telecommunications
       Corporation), from Shaanxi Comservice, at a purchase price of RMB17 million. The acquisitions of the Satcom Business and
       Orange Insurance (collectively referred to as the “Eighth Acquired Group”) are two separate transactions, which are collectively
       referred to as the “Eighth Acquisition”. The total final consideration of the Eighth Acquisition was paid by 30 June 2018.


       Hereinafter, the First Acquired Group, the Second Acquired Group, the Third Acquired Group, the Fourth Acquired Company,
       the Fifth Acquired Group, the Sixth Acquired Business, the Seventh Acquired Company and the Eighth Acquired Group are
       collectively referred to as the “Acquired Groups”.

       Basis of presentation

       Since the Group and the Acquired Groups are under common control of China Telecommunications Corporation, the Group’s
       acquisitions of the Acquired Groups have been accounted for as a combination of entities under common control in a manner
       similar to a pooling-of-interests. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of these entities have been accounted for at historical
       amounts and the consolidated financial statements of the Group prior to the acquisitions are combined with the financial
       statements of the Acquired Groups. The considerations for the acquisition of the Acquired Groups are accounted for as an
       equity transaction in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




1.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES, ORGANISATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
      (continued)
      Merger with subsidiaries

      Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Company’s shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting held on 25 February
      2008, the Company entered into merger agreements with each of the following subsidiaries: Shanghai Telecom Company
      Limited, Guangdong Telecom Company Limited, Jiangsu Telecom Company Limited, Zhejiang Telecom Company Limited,
      Anhui Telecom Company Limited, Fujian Telecom Company Limited, Jiangxi Telecom Company Limited, Guangxi Telecom
      Company Limited, Chongqing Telecom Company Limited, Sichuan Telecom Company Limited, Hubei Telecom Company
      Limited, Hunan Telecom Company Limited, Hainan Telecom Company Limited, Guizhou Telecom Company Limited, Yunnan
      Telecom Company Limited, Shaanxi Telecom Company Limited, Gansu Telecom Company Limited, Qinghai Telecom Company
      Limited, Ningxia Telecom Company Limited and Xinjiang Telecom Company Limited. In addition, the Company entered into
      merger agreement with Beijing Telecom on 1 July 2008. Pursuant to these merger agreements, the Company merged with
      these subsidiaries and the assets, liabilities and business operations of these subsidiaries were transferred to the Company’s
      branches in the respective regions.


2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
      REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
      In the current year, the Group has applied, for the first time, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
      IFRS Standards and the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”)
      that are mandatorily effective for the current year:


      Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8, “Definition of Material”


      Amendments to IFRS 3, “Definition of a Business”


      Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7, “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform”


      In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16, “Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions”.


      Except as described below, the application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards
      and the above amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material effect on the Group’s consolidated financial
      statements.




                                                                        China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




2.     APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
       REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
       2.1    Impacts on early application of Amendment to IFRS 16, “Covid-19-Related
              Rent Concessions”

              The Group has applied the amendment for the first time in the current year. The amendment introduces a new practical
              expedient for lessees to elect not to assess whether a Covid-19-related rent concession is a lease modification. The
              practical expedient only applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 that meets all of
              the following conditions:


              •       the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or
                      less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;


              •       any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021; and


              •       there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.


              As a result of applying the practical expedient, the Group accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
              concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16, “Leases” (“IFRS 16”) if the changes
              were not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments.
              The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment
              recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.


              The application has no impact to the opening reserves as at 1 January 2020. The amounts related to changes in
              lease payments that resulted from rent concessions in the profit or loss for the current year was not material to the
              consolidated financial statements.


3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       (a)    Basis of preparation

              The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the
              IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such
              information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. The consolidated financial statements
              also comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and the applicable disclosure
              provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
              Rules”). The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared on a going concern basis.


              The consolidated financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis as modified by the revaluation of certain
              financial instruments measured at fair value (Note 3(k)).




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (a)    Basis of preparation (continued)

             The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgments,
             estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
             and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
             amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The estimates and associated assumptions are based
             on historical experience and various other factors that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances,
             the results of which form the basis of making the judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
             readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates.


             The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
             recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the
             revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


             Judgments made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated financial
             statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 48.


      (b)    Basis of consolidation

             The consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group’s interests in
             associates.


             A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the Company. When fulfilling the following conditions, the Company has control
             over an entity: (a) has power over the investee, (b) has exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
             the investee, and (c) has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s returns.


             When assessing whether the Company has power over that entity, only substantive rights (held by the Company and
             other parties) are considered.


             The financial results of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
             commences until the date that control ceases, and the profit attributable to non-controlling interests is separately
             presented on the face of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of the profit or loss
             for the year between the non-controlling interests and the equity holders of the Company. Non-controlling interests
             represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company. For each business combination,
             other than business combination under common control, the Group measures the non-controlling interests at the
             proportionate share, of the acquisition date, of fair value of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. Non-controlling
             interests at the end of the reporting period are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity
             and consolidated statement of changes in equity, separately from the equity of the Company’s equity holders. Changes
             in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions,
             whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity
             to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.
             When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
             with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date
             when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a
             financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (b)    Basis of consolidation (continued)

              An associate is an entity, not being a subsidiary, in which the Group exercises significant influence, but not control, over
              its management. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
              investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.


              An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method and
              is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the
              investee’s net identifiable assets over the cost of the investment (if any) after reassessment. Thereafter, the investment is
              adjusted for the Group’s equity share of the post-acquisition changes in the associate’s net assets and any impairment
              loss relating to the investment. When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
              for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any
              interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this
              amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.


              All significant intercompany balances and transactions and unrealised gains arising from intercompany transactions are
              eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates are eliminated to the extent of
              the Group’s interest in the entity. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the
              extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


       (c)    Foreign currencies

              The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
              Company and its subsidiaries in mainland China is RMB. The functional currency of the Group’s foreign operations is
              the currency of the primary economic environment in which the foreign operations operate. Transactions denominated
              in currencies other than the functional currency during the year are translated into the functional currency at the
              applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the transaction dates. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are
              translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The
              resulting exchange differences, other than those capitalised as construction in progress (Note 3(e)), are recognised as
              income or expense in profit or loss. For the periods presented, no exchange differences were capitalised.


              When preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements, the results of operations of the Group’s foreign
              operations are translated into RMB at average rate prevailing during the year. Assets and liabilities of the Group’s
              foreign operations are translated into RMB at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. The
              resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in
              the exchange reserve.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (d)    Property, plant and equipment

             Property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and impairment
             losses (Note 3(h)). The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price, any costs directly attributable to bringing the
             asset to working condition and location for its intended use and the cost of borrowed funds used during the periods of
             construction. Expenditure incurred after the asset has been put into operation, including cost of replacing part of such
             an item, is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the item of property, plant and
             equipment and the cost can be measured reliably. All other expenditure is expensed as it is incurred.


             Gains or losses arising from retirement or disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference
             between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the respective asset and are recognised as income or
             expense in the profit or loss on the date of disposal.


             Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of each asset over its estimated useful life on a straight-line basis, after
             taking into account its estimated residual value, as follows:


                                                                                                                  Depreciable lives
                                                                                                               primarily range from

             Buildings and improvements                                                                                 8 to 30 years

             Telecommunications network plant and equipment                                                             5 to 10 years

             Furniture, fixture, motor vehicles and other equipment                                                     5 to 10 years


             Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is allocated on
             a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its
             residual value are reviewed annually.


      (e)    Construction in progress

             Construction in progress represents buildings, telecommunications network plant and equipment and other equipment
             and intangible assets under construction and pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (Note
             3(h)). The cost of an item comprises direct costs of construction, capitalisation of interest charge, and foreign exchange
             differences on related borrowed funds to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest charges during
             the periods of construction. Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
             property, plant and equipment and intangible assets when the asset is substantially ready for its intended use.


             No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.


      (f)    Goodwill

             Goodwill represents the excess of the cost over the Group’s interest in the fair value of the net assets acquired in the
             CDMA business (as defined in Note 7) acquisition.


             Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units and
             is tested annually for impairment (Note 3(h)). On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable
             amount of the goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.




                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (g)    Intangible assets

              The Group’s intangible assets are primarily software.


              Software that is not an integral part of any tangible assets, is recorded at cost less subsequent accumulated
              amortisation and impairment losses (Note 3(h)). Amortisation of software is mainly calculated on a straight-line basis
              over the estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 5 years.


       (h)    Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets

              The carrying amounts of the Group’s long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
              intangible assets with finite useful lives, construction in progress and contract costs included in other assets are
              reviewed periodically to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. These assets are tested for impairment
              whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
              For goodwill, the impairment testing is performed annually at each year end.


              Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised as contract costs under IFRS 15, “Revenue from
              Contracts with Customers” (“IFRS 15”), the Group assesses and recognises any impairment loss on other assets related
              to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalised
              as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that
              the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which relate directly to providing
              those goods or services that have not been recognised as expenses. The assets capitalised as contract costs are
              then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating
              impairment of that cash-generating unit.


              The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and
              value in use. The recoverable amount of a tangible and an intangible asset is estimated individually. When an asset
              does not generate cash flows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined
              for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). In determining
              the value in use, expected future cash flows generated by the assets are discounted to their present value using a pre-
              tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for
              which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. The goodwill arising from a business combination, for
              the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies
              of the combination.


              An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated
              recoverable amount. Impairment loss is recognised as an expense in profit or loss. Impairment loss recognised in
              respect of cash-generating units is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units
              and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.


              The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss
              recognised for an asset in prior years may no longer exist. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable
              change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. A subsequent increase in the recoverable amount
              of an asset, when the circumstances and events that led to the write-down cease to exist, is recognised as an
              income in profit or loss. The reversal is reduced by the amount that would have been recognised as depreciation and
              amortisation had the write-down not occurred. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For the years
              presented, no reversal of impairment loss was recognised in profit or loss.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (i)    Interests in joint operations

             A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have the rights
             to the assets, and obligation for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed
             sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous
             consent of the parties sharing control.


             The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in
             accordance with the IFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.


             When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a sale or
             contribution of assets), the Group is considered to be conducting the transaction with the other parties to the joint
             operation, and gains and losses resulting from the transactions are recognised in the consolidated financial statements
             only to the extent of other parties’ interests in the joint operation.


             When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a purchase of
             assets), the Group does not recognise its share of the gains and losses until it resells those assets to a third party.


      (j)    Inventories

             Inventories consist of materials and supplies used in maintaining the telecommunications network and goods for resale.
             Inventories are valued at cost using the specific identification method or the weighted average cost method, less a
             provision for obsolescence.


             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in
             the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion, the estimated costs to make the sale and the
             related tax expenses.


      (k)    Financial instruments

             Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
             the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
             basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
             the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


             Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts receivable arising from
             contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly
             attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial
             liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets
             or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of
             financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and
             of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
             exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form
             an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
             life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
             recognition.



                                                                             China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (k)    Financial instruments (continued)

              Financial assets
              Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
              (i)     Financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost
                      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


                      •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                              and


                      •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                              and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


                      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
                      amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
                      of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For
                      financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                      effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit
                      risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired,
                      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                      asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                      impaired.


              (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
                      At initial recognition of a financial asset, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair
                      value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income, and accumulate in other reserves, if that equity
                      investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
                      combination to which IFRS 3, “Business Combinations” applies. These equity instruments are not subject to
                      impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the
                      equity investments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.


                      Dividend from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to
                      receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
                      investment. Dividends are included in the “investment income” line item in profit or loss.


              (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
                      FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
                      gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any
                      dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “investment income” line item.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (k)    Financial instruments (continued)

             Financial assets (continued)
             Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9,
             “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”)
             The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
             accounts receivable, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, short-term bank deposits and
             restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents) and other item (contract assets) which are subject to impairment assessment
             under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
             recognition.


             Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
             instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
             default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s
             historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and
             an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


             The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivable and contract assets. The ECL on these assets are
             assessed individually for debtors with significant balances or credit-impaired debtors, and collectively using a provision
             matrix with appropriate groupings based on shared credit risk characteristics, nature of services provided as well as
             type of customers, such as receivable from telephone and Internet subscribers and from enterprise customers.


             For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether
             lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since
             initial recognition.


             (i)     Significant increase in credit risk
                     In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
                     risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
                     on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
                     both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                     and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
                     significantly:


                     •       failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;


                     •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating
                             (if available);


                     •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and


                     •       existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a
                             significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (k)    Financial instruments (continued)

              Financial assets (continued)
              Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9,
              “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”) (continued)
              (ii)    Definition of default
                      For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                      developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
                      including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


              (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                      future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
                      includes observable data about the following events:


                      •       significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                      •       a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      •       the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                              difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                              consider;


                      •       it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or


                      •       the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


              (iv)    Write-off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                      financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
                      placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be
                      subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
                      where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in
                      profit or loss.


              (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                      The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the
                      loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given
                      default is based on the historical data and forward-looking information. The Group uses a practical expedient
                      in estimating ECL on accounts receivable using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss
                      experience, adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                      Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
                      with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest
                      rate determined at initial recognition.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (k)    Financial instruments (continued)

             Financial assets (continued)
             Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9,
             “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”) (continued)
             (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)
                     Lifetime ECL for accounts receivable and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking into
                     consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward-looking macroeconomic
                     information.


                     For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating
                     the grouping:


                     •        Past-due status;


                     •        Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                     •        External credit ratings where available.


                     The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share
                     similar credit risk characteristics.


                     The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments measured at
                     amortised cost by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts receivable and other
                     receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.


             Derecognition of financial assets
             The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
             when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
             entity.


             On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
             and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


             On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at
             FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in other reserves is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
             transferred to retained earnings.

             Financial liabilities and equity
             Classification as debt or equity
             Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of
             the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


             Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
             liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (k)    Financial instruments (continued)

              Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
              Financial liabilities
              All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


              Financial liabilities including short-term and long-term debt, accounts payable and financial liabilities included in accrued
              expenses and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


              Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
              A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of
              financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised
              amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (l)    Cash and cash equivalents

              Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and in hand and time deposits with original maturities of three
              months or less when purchased. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value.


       (m)    Revenue from contract with customers

              The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when “control” of the goods or
              services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.


              A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of
              distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.


              Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
              satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


              •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                      Group performs;


              •       the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Groups performs; or


              •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                      enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


              As such, revenues from contracts with customers of telecommunications services, including voice, Internet, information
              and application and telecommunications network resource and equipment services, resale of mobile services (MVNO)
              and repair and maintenance of equipment are generally recognised over time during which the services are provided to
              customers.


              Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.
              As such, revenues from sales of equipment are recognise at a point in time when the equipment is delivered to the
              customers and when the control over the equipment have been transferred to the customers.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (m)    Revenue from contract with customers (continued)

             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
             transferred to a customer but the right is conditioned on the Group’s future performance. A contract asset is transferred
             to accounts receivable when the right becomes unconditional. A contract asset is assessed for impairment in
             accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only
             the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


             A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
             has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. When the Group receives
             an advance payment before the performance obligation is satisfied, this will give rise to a contract liability, until the
             operating revenues recognised on the relevant contract exceed the amount of the advance payment.


             A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.


             Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of
             transaction price)
             For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, such as the Group’s direct sales of promotional
             packages bundling terminal equipment, e.g. mobile handsets, and the telecommunications services, the Group
             allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.


             The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is determined at
             contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately to a
             customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques
             such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration
             to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.


             Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete
             satisfaction of a performance obligation
             The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is generally measured based on output
             method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
             transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract.

             Principal versus agent
             When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the nature
             of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal)
             or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).


             The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
             customer.


             The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service by
             another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by another party before
             that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the
             amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
             services to be provided by the other party.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (m)    Revenue from contract with customers (continued)

              Consideration payable to a customer
              Consideration payable to a customer includes cash amounts that the Group pays, or expects to pay, to the customer,
              and also includes credit or other items that can be applied against amounts owed to the Group. The Group accounted
              for such consideration payable to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and, therefore, of revenue unless
              the payment to the customer is in exchange for a distinct good or service that the customer transfers to the Group and
              the fair value of the good or service received from the customer can be reasonably estimated.


              Certain subsidies payable to third party agent incurred by the Group in respect of customer contracts, which will be
              ultimately enjoyed by end customers, and other subsidies incurred by the Group directly payable to its customers, are
              qualified as consideration payable to a customer and accounted for as a reduction of operating revenues.


              Incremental costs of obtaining a contract
              Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer
              that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.


              Certain commissions incurred by the Group paid or payable to third party agents, whose selling activities resulted in
              customers entering into telecommunications service agreements with the Group, are qualified as incremental costs. The
              Group recognises such costs as an asset, included in other assets, if it expects to recover these costs. The asset so
              recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the
              customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to impairment review.


              The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if these costs would
              otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.


              Costs to fulfil a contract
              When the Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract, it first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset
              in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the
              following criteria:


              •       the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify;


              •       the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
                      performance obligations in the future; and


              •       the costs are expected to be recovered.


              The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
              transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to impairment review.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (n)    Leases

             Definition of a lease
             A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
             time in exchange for consideration.


             The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception
             or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
             subsequently changed.


             The Group as a lessee
             As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group
             reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual
             leases within the portfolio.


             Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
             For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
             allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the
             lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


             Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
             The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
             from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease
             of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expenses
             on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


             Right-of-use assets
             The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


             •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


             •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


             •       any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and


             •       an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring
                     the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                     conditions of the lease.


             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
             for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from Covid-19-related rent
             concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.


             Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the
             end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets
             are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


             The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.



                                                                            China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (n)    Leases (continued)

              The Group as a lessee (continued)
              Lease liabilities
              At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
              of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
              the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
              determinable.


              The lease payments include:


              •       fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;


              •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;


              •       the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and


              •       payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
                      terminate the lease.


              Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using the index or rate as at the
              commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are not included in the
              measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognised as expense in the period on which the
              event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


              After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


              The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
              whenever:


              •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which
                      case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
                      rate at the date of assessment.


              •       the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in which
                      cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial
                      discount rate.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (n)    Leases (continued)

             The Group as a lessee (continued)
             Lease modifications
             Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the Group accounts
             for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


             •       the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and


             •       the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                     increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the
                     particular contract.


             For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based
             on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
             effective date of the modification.


             The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
             right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-
             lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the
             basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
             components.


             Covid-19-related rent concessions
             In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected
             to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all of the following conditions
             are met:


             •       the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or
                     less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;


             •       any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021; and


             •       there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.


             As a result of applying the practical expedient, the Group accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from
             rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes were not a lease
             modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments. The related lease
             liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit
             or loss in the period in which the event occurs.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (n)    Leases (continued)

              The Group as a lessor
              Classification and measurement of leases
              Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease
              transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is
              classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


              Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts
              equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct
              costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement of the net
              investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of
              return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.


              Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant
              lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of
              the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable
              lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are estimated and included in the total lease
              payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments that do not depend on
              an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise.


              Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
              When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate consideration
              in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the
              basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.


              Refundable rental deposits
              Refundable rental deposits received are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
              value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.


              Sublease
              When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts.
              The sub-lease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head
              lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.

              Lease modification
              Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are accounted for as
              lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.


              The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the modification,
              considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the
              new lease.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (o)    Net finance costs

             Net finance costs comprise interest income on bank deposits, interest costs on borrowings, interest expense on lease
             liabilities and foreign exchange gains and losses. Interest income from bank deposits is recognised as it accrues using
             the effective interest method.


             Interest costs incurred in connection with borrowings are calculated using the effective interest method and are
             expensed as incurred, except to the extent that they are capitalised as being directly attributable to the construction of
             an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use.


      (p)    Research and development expense

             Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred if the criteria of recognition as intangible assets
             were not met. For the year ended 31 December 2020, research and development expense, other than those related
             personnel expenses and depreciation was RMB2,215 million (2019: RMB2,105 million). Research and development
             related personnel expenses and depreciation for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to RMB2,392 million
             (2019: RMB1,950 million) and RMB130 million (2019: RMB141 million), respectively.


      (q)    Employee benefits

             The Group’s contributions to defined contribution retirement plans administered by the PRC government and defined
             contribution retirement plans administered by independent external parties are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
             Further information is set out in Note 46.


             Compensation expense in respect of the share appreciation rights granted is accrued as a charge to the profit or loss
             over the applicable vesting period based on the fair value of the share appreciation rights. The liability of the accrued
             compensation expense is re-measured to fair value at the end of each reporting period with the effect of changes in
             the fair value of the liability charged or credited to profit or loss. Further details of the Group’s share appreciation rights
             scheme are set out in Note 47.


      (r)    Government grants

             The Group’s government grants are mainly related to the government loans with below-market rate of interest.


             Government grants shall only be recognised until there is reasonable assurance that:


             •       the Group will comply with all the conditions attaching to them; and


             •       the grants will be received.


             Government grants that compensate expenses incurred are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
             income in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.


             Government grants relating to assets are recognised in deferred revenue and are credited to the consolidated statement
             of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (s)    Provisions and contingent liabilities

              A provision is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group has a legal or constructive
              obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
              obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is
              the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. Where
              the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the
              obligation.


              Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
              reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
              remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
              more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
              remote.


       (t)    Value-added tax (“VAT”)

              Output VAT rate for basic telecommunications services (including voice communication, lease or sale of network
              resources) is 9% since 1 April 2019, 10% between 1 May 2018 and 1 April 2019, or 11% before 1 May 2018, while the
              output VAT rate for value-added telecommunications services (including Internet access services, short and multimedia
              messaging services, transmission and application service of electronic data and information) is 6%, and the output
              VAT for sales of telecommunications terminals and equipment is 13% since 1 April 2019, 16% between 1 May 2018
              and 1 April 2019, or 17% before 1 May 2018. Input VAT rate depends on the type of services received and the assets
              purchased as well as the VAT rate applicable to a specific industry, and ranges from 3% to 13% since 1 April 2019, 3%
              to 16% between 1 May 2018 and 1 April 2019, or 3% to 17% before 1 May 2018.


              Output VAT is excluded from operating revenues while input VAT is excluded from operating expenses or the original
              cost of equipment purchased and can be netted against the output VAT, arriving at the net amount of VAT recoverable
              or payable. As the VAT obligations are borne by branches and subsidiaries of the Company, input and output VAT
              are set off at branches and subsidiaries levels which are not offset at the consolidation level. Such net amount of VAT
              recoverable or payable is recorded in the line items of prepayments and other current assets and accrued expenses
              and other payables, respectively, on the face of consolidated statement of financial position.

       (u)    Income tax

              Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Income tax is
              recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income, or
              directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
              in equity respectively. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates
              enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
              previous years. Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for all temporary differences
              between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. The amount
              of deferred tax is calculated on the basis of the enacted or substantively enacted tax rates that are expected to apply
              in the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled. The effect on deferred tax of any changes in tax rates
              is charged or credited to profit or loss, except for the effect of a change in tax rate on the carrying amount of deferred
              tax assets and liabilities which were previously recognised in other comprehensive income, in such case the effect of a
              change in tax rate is also recognised in other comprehensive income.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (u)    Income tax (continued)

             A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available
             against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that
             the related tax benefit will be realised.


             Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are
             recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where
             the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will
             not reverse in the foreseeable future.


             For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets
             and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use
             assets or the lease liabilities.


             The tax deductions of the Group’s leasing transactions are attributable to the lease liabilities. The Group applies IAS 12,
             “Income Taxes” requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets
             and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments
             for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.


      (v)    Dividends

             Dividends are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are declared.


      (w)    Related parties

             (a)     A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                     (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                     (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                     (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




                                                                             China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       (w)    Related parties (continued)

              (b)     An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                      (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary
                              and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


                      (ii)    The entity is an associate or joint venture of the Group (or an associate or joint venture of a member of
                              a group of which the Group is a member); or the Group is an associate or joint venture of the entity (or
                              an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the entity is a member);


                      (iii)   The entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                      (iv)    The entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the Group is an associate of the third entity; or the
                              Group is a joint venture of a third entity and the entity is an associate of the third entity;


                      (v)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                      (vi)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                              management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


              Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
              by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


       (x)    Segmental reporting

              An operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which revenues are earned
              and expenses are incurred, and is identified on the basis of the internal financial reports that are regularly reviewed
              by the chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources and assess performance of the segment. For
              the periods presented, management has determined that the Group has one operating segment as the Group is
              only engaged in the integrated telecommunications business. The Group’s assets located outside mainland China
              and operating revenues derived from activities outside mainland China are less than 10% of the Group’s assets and
              operating revenues, respectively. No geographical area information has been presented as such amount is immaterial.
              No single external customer accounts for 10% or more of the Group’s operating revenues.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




4.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
                                                                          Telecommunications      Furniture, fixture,
                                                         Buildings and          network plant    motor vehicles and
                                                        improvements           and equipment       other equipment            Total
                                                         RMB millions            RMB millions         RMB millions      RMB millions

      Cost/Deemed cost:

      Balance at 1 January 2019                               102,541                 854,382                 31,558         988,481

      Additions                                                   554                    274                     277           1,105

      Transferred from construction in progress                 2,060                  74,157                  1,644          77,861

      Retirement and disposal                                     (751)               (62,560)                (2,419)        (65,730)

      Reclassification                                             (39)                  (536)                   575               –

      Balance at 31 December 2019                             104,365                 865,717                 31,635       1,001,717

      Additions                                                   425                    139                     253            817

      Transferred from construction in progress                 2,249                  84,567                  1,791          88,607

      Retirement and disposal                                   (1,435)               (53,500)                (3,039)        (57,974)

      Reclassification                                             (10)                  (512)                   522               –

      Balance at 31 December 2020                             105,594                 896,411                 31,162       1,033,167

      Accumulated depreciation and impairment:

      Balance at 1 January 2019                                (58,300)              (498,986)               (23,400)       (580,686)

      Depreciation charge for the year                          (4,185)               (64,672)                (2,101)        (70,958)

      Written back on retirement and disposal                     681                  56,943                  2,311          59,935

      Reclassification                                             19                    358                    (377)              –

      Balance at 31 December 2019                              (61,785)              (506,357)               (23,567)       (591,709)

      Depreciation charge for the year                          (4,196)               (64,208)                (2,038)        (70,442)

      Provision for impairment loss                                  –                 (5,027)                   (15)         (5,042)

      Written back on retirement and disposal                   1,324                  48,451                  2,856          52,631

      Reclassification                                               8                   401                    (409)              –

      Balance at 31 December 2020                              (64,649)              (526,740)               (23,173)       (614,562)

      Net book value at 31 December 2020                       40,945                 369,671                  7,989         418,605

      Net book value at 31 December 2019                       42,580                 359,360                  8,068         410,008


      As a result of the continuing optimisation of the Group’s 4G mobile network coverage and the scale deployment of the Group’s
      5G mobile network, the utilisation of the Group’s 3G mobile network have been decreasing rapidly. For the year ended 31
      December 2020, 3G handset data traffic only accounted for a low proportion of the Group’s total handset data traffic. As a
      result, the Group has identified an impairment indicator on the 3G specific mobile network assets (the “3G Assets”). Given the
      Group has made a commitment in the year to gradually terminate its use of 3G Assets in the near future, the Group performed
      an impairment test on the 3G Assets on the basis of each individual asset as at 31 December 2020. The recoverable amount
      of the 3G Assets was determined based on their fair value less costs of disposal, which was nominal. As a result, for the
      year ended 31 December 2020, an impairment loss on property, plant and equipment of RMB5,042 million (2019: nil) was
      recognised.



                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




5.     CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS
                                                                                                                                RMB millions

       Balance at 1 January 2019                                                                                                      66,644

       Additions                                                                                                                      76,870

       Transferred to property, plant and equipment                                                                                  (77,861)

       Transferred to intangible assets                                                                                                (6,447)

       Balance at 31 December 2019                                                                                                    59,206

       Additions                                                                                                                      84,145

       Transferred to property, plant and equipment                                                                                  (88,607)

       Transferred to intangible assets                                                                                                (6,319)

       Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                                                    48,425


6.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                           Telecommunications
                                               Leasehold                            towers and
                                                   lands      Buildings          related assets    Equipment          Others              Total
                                             RMB millions   RMB millions          RMB millions    RMB millions   RMB millions       RMB millions

       As at 31 December 2020

       Carrying amount                             20,441          8,672                18,866          11,230           248              59,457

       As at 31 December 2019

       Carrying amount                             20,952          8,289                23,740           8,361           207              61,549

       For the year ended 31 December 2020

       Depreciation charge                           745           3,626                 7,642           2,151            78              14,242

       For the year ended 31 December 2019

       Depreciation charge                           732           2,968                 6,966           1,612            65              12,343


       For the year ended 31 December 2020, expenses relating to short-term leases amounting to RMB1,077 million (2019: RMB939
       million, including those relating to other leases with lease terms ended within 12 months of the date of initial application of IFRS
       16), expenses relating to leases of low value assets (excluding short-term leases of low value assets) amounting to RMB46
       million (2019: RMB45 million) and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities amounting to
       RMB5,151 million (2019: RMB4,640 million), are recognized in profit or loss.

       For the year ended 31 December 2020, total cash outflow for leases is RMB20,798 million (2019: RMB18,240 million), and
       additions to right-of-use assets are RMB13,561 million (2019: RMB9,172 million).

       The Group leases telecommunications towers and related assets, land and buildings, equipment and other assets for its
       operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In
       determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract
       and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

       The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for buildings and other assets. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the
       portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed
       above in this note.

China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




7.    GOODWILL
                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                                 RMB millions    RMB millions

      Cost:

      Goodwill arising from acquisition of CDMA business                                                 29,920               29,923


      On 1 October 2008, the Group acquired the CDMA mobile communication business and related assets and liabilities, which
      also included the entire equity interests of China Unicom (Macau) Company Limited (currently known as China Telecom (Macau)
      Company Limited) and 99.5% equity interests of Unicom Huasheng Telecommunications Technology Company Limited (currently
      known as Tianyi Telecom Terminals Company Limited) (collectively the “CDMA business”) from China Unicom Limited and China
      Unicom Corporation Limited (collectively “Unicom Group”). The purchase price of the business combination was RMB43,800
      million, which was fully settled as at 31 December 2010. In addition, pursuant to the acquisition agreement, the Group acquired
      the customer-related assets and assumed the customer-related liabilities of CDMA business for a net settlement amount of
      RMB3,471 million due from Unicom Group. This amount was subsequently settled by Unicom Group in 2009. The business
      combination was accounted for using the purchase method.


      The goodwill recognised in the business combination is attributable to the skills and technical talent of the acquired business’s
      workforce, and the synergies expected to be achieved from integrating and combining the CDMA mobile communication
      business into the Group’s telecommunications business.


      For the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CDMA business was allocated to the
      appropriate cash-generating unit of the Group, which is the Group’s telecommunications business. The recoverable amount of
      the Group’s telecommunications business is estimated based on the value in use model, which considers the Group’s financial
      budgets covering a five-year period and a pre-tax discount rate of 9.6% (2019: 9.2%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
      are extrapolated using a steady 1.5% growth rate (2019: 1.5%). The financial budgets, growth rate and discount rate have been
      reassessed as at 31 December 2020 taking into consideration higher degree of estimation uncertainties in the current year
      due to uncertainty on how the Covid-19 pandemic may progress and evolve and volatility in financial markets. Management
      performed impairment tests for the goodwill at the end of the reporting period and determined that goodwill was not impaired.
      Management believes any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would
      not cause its recoverable amount to be less than carrying amount.


      Key assumptions used for the value in use calculation model are the number of subscribers, the average revenue per subscriber
      and the amount of operating cost. Management determined the number of subscribers, the average revenue per subscriber and
      the amount of operating cost based on historical trends and financial information and operational data.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




8.     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                          Software
                                                       RMB millions

       Cost:

       Balance at 1 January 2019                             37,314

       Additions                                               624

       Transferred from construction in progress              6,447

       Disposals                                               (591)

       Balance at 31 December 2019                           43,794

       Additions                                              1,489

       Transferred from construction in progress              6,319

       Disposals                                               (748)

       Balance at 31 December 2020                           50,854

       Accumulated amortisation and impairment:

       Balance at 1 January 2019                            (23,153)

       Amortisation charge for the year                      (4,844)

       Written back on disposals                               552

       Balance at 31 December 2019                          (27,445)

       Amortisation charge for the year                      (5,556)

       Written back on disposals                               655

       Balance at 31 December 2020                          (32,346)

       Net book value at 31 December 2020                    18,508

       Net book value at 31 December 2019                    16,349




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




9.    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the Company’s subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets and liabilities of the Group at 31 December
      2020 are as follows:


                                                                                                   Registered/issued
                                                                         Place of                     capital (in RMB
                                   Type of           Date of             incorporation                 million unless
      Name of company              legal entity      incorporation       and operation              otherwise stated)   Principal activity

      China Telecom System         Limited Company   13 September 2001   PRC                                     542    Provision of system integration and
        Integration Co., Limited                                                                                          consulting services

      China Telecom                Limited Company   25 February 2000    Hong Kong Special             HK$168 million   Provision of telecommunications
        Global Limited                                                     Administrative Region                          services
                                                                           of the PRC

      China Telecom                Limited Company   22 November 2001    The United States              US$43 million   Provision of telecommunications
        (Americas) Corporation                                             of America                                     services

      China Telecom Best Tone      Limited Company   15 August 2007      PRC                                     350    Provision of Best Tone information
        Information Service                                                                                               services
        Co., Limited

      China Telecom (Macau)        Limited Company   15 October 2004     Macau Special                  MOP60 million   Provision of telecommunications
        Company Limited                                                   Administrative Region                           services
                                                                          of the PRC

      Tianyi Telecom Terminals     Limited Company   1 July 2005         PRC                                     500    Sales of telecommunications
         Company Limited                                                                                                  terminals

      China Telecom (Singapore)    Limited Company   5 October 2006      Singapore                       S$1,000,001    Provision of international value-
        Pte. Limited                                                                                                      added network services

      E-surfing Pay Co., Ltd       Limited Company   3 March 2011        PRC                                     635    Provision of e-commerce services

      Shenzhen Shekou              Limited Company   5 May 1984          PRC                                      91    Provision of telecommunications
        Telecommunications                                                                                                services
        Company Limited

      China Telecom (Australia)    Limited Company   10 January 2011     Australia                       AUD1 million   Provision of international value-
        Pty Limited                                                                                                       added network services

      China Telecom                Limited Company   16 May 2012         South Korea                  KRW500 million    Provision of international
        Korea Co., Ltd                                                                                                    value-added network services

      China Telecom                Limited Company   26 June 2012        Malaysia                      MYR3,723,500     Provision of international
        (Malaysia) SDN BHD                                                                                                value-added network services

      China Telecom                Limited Company   9 July 2012         Vietnam                    VND10,500 million   Provision of international
        Information Technology                                                                                            value-added network services
        (Vietnam) Co., Ltd




                                                                                China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




9.     INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                                                 Registered/issued
                                                                        Place of                    capital (in RMB
                                   Type of           Date of            incorporation                million unless
       Name of company             legal entity      incorporation      and operation             otherwise stated)   Principal activity

       iMUSIC Culture &            Limited Company   9 June 2013        PRC                                    250    Provision of music production and
         Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                           related information services

       China Telecom               Limited Company   2 March 2006       The United Kingdom         GBP16.15 million   Provision of telecommunications
         (Europe) Limited                                                 of Great Britain and                          services
                                                                          Northern Ireland

       Zhejiang Yixin Technology   Limited Company   19 August 2013     PRC                                     11    Provision of instant messenger
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      service

       Tianyi Capital Holding      Limited Company   30 November 2017   PRC                                  5,000    Capital investment and
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     provision of consulting services

       China Telecom Leasing       Limited Company   30 November 2018   PRC                                  5,000    Provision of finance lease service
         Corporation Limited

       China Telecom Group         Limited Company   8 January 2019     PRC                                  5,000    Provision of capital and
         Finance Co., Ltd                                                                                               financial management services
         (“Finance Company”)


       Except for Shenzhen Shekou Telecommunications Company Limited which is 51% owned by the Company, Zhejiang Yixin
       Technology Co., Ltd. which is 65% owned by the Company, E-surfing Pay Co., Ltd, which is 78.74% owned by the Company
       and Finance Company, which is 70% owned by the Company, all of the above subsidiaries are directly or indirectly wholly-
       owned by the Company. No subsidiaries of the Group have material non-controlling interest. None of the subsidiaries had issued
       any debt securities at the end of the year.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




10. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                           RMB millions    RMB millions

      Cost of investment in associates                                                                              37,168                 37,173

      Share of post-acquisition changes in net assets                                                                3,135                  2,019

                                                                                                                    40,303                 39,192

      Fair value of listed investments                                                                              34,625                 55,601


      The Group’s interests in associates are accounted for under the equity method. Details of the Group’s principal associates are as
      follows:


                                                                  Attributable
      Name of company                                           equity interest       Principal activities

      China Tower Corporation Limited                                      20.5%      Construction, maintenance and operation of
        (Note (i))                                                                      telecommunications towers as well as ancillary
                                                                                        facilities

      Shanghai Information Investment                                      24.0%      Provision of information technology consultancy services
        Incorporation (Note (ii))


      Notes:

      (i)      China Tower Corporation Limited (“China Tower”) is established and operated in the PRC, and listed on the Main Board of The Stock
               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 8 August 2018.

      (ii)     Shanghai Information Investment Incorporation (“Shanghai Info-investment”) is established and operated in the PRC and is not traded on
               any stock exchange.




                                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




10. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
       Summarised financial information of the Group’s principal associates and reconciled to the carrying amounts of interests in
       associates in the Group’s consolidated financial statements are disclosed below:


       China Tower

                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                              RMB millions    RMB millions

       Current assets                                                                                43,204              40,995

       Non-current assets                                                                           294,176             297,072

       Current liabilities                                                                          106,635             128,364

       Non-current liabilities                                                                       44,499              27,142


                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                              RMB millions         RMB millions

       Operating revenues                                                                            81,099              76,428

       Profit for the year                                                                            6,427               5,221

       Other comprehensive income for the year                                                             –                   –

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                                        6,427               5,221

       Dividend received from China Tower                                                               525                  81


       Reconcile to the Group’s interests in the associate:


                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                              RMB millions    RMB millions

       Net assets of China Tower                                                                    186,246             182,561

       Non-controlling interests of China Tower                                                           (1)                 (2)

       The Group’s effective interest in China Tower                                                 20.5%                20.5%

       The Group’s share of net assets of China Tower                                                38,180              37,425

       Adjustment for the remaining balance of
         the deferred gain from the Tower Assets Disposal                                               (717)               (865)

       Carrying amount of the interest in China Tower
         in the consolidated financial statements of the Group                                       37,463              36,560




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




10. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
      Shanghai Info-investment

                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020          2019
                                                                                        RMB millions    RMB millions

      Current assets                                                                           4,752             4,292

      Non-current assets                                                                       5,878             5,203

      Current liabilities                                                                      2,124             2,494

      Non-current liabilities                                                                  1,803               787


                                                                                               2020             2019
                                                                                        RMB millions       RMB millions

      Operating revenues                                                                         982             3,214

      Profit for the year                                                                        641             1,158

      Other comprehensive income for the year                                                    (17)                (7)

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    624             1,151

      Dividend received from Shanghai Info-investment                                             14                 9


      Reconcile to the Group’s interests in the associate:


                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020          2019
                                                                                        RMB millions    RMB millions

      Net assets of the Shanghai Info-investment                                               6,703             6,214

      Non-controlling interests of Shanghai Info-investment                                      (83)             (144)

      The Group’s effective interest in Shanghai Info-investment                              24.0%             24.0%

      The Group’s share of net assets of Shanghai Info-investment                              1,589             1,457

      Carrying amount of the interest in Shanghai Info-investment
        in the consolidated financial statements of the Group                                  1,589             1,457




                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




10. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
       Aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually material is disclosed below:


                                                                                                                       2020                    2019
                                                                                                                RMB millions              RMB millions

       The Group’s share of profit of these associates                                                                        86                       85

       The Group’s share of total comprehensive income of these associates                                                    86                       85


                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                                                RMB millions    RMB millions

       Aggregate carrying amount of interests in these associates
         in the consolidated financial statements of the Group                                                             1,251                   1,175


11. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                                Notes           RMB millions    RMB millions

       Equity securities listed in the mainland China                                              (i)                       838                   1,228

       Unlisted equity securities                                                                  (ii)                      235                     230

                                                                                                                           1,073                   1,458


      Notes:

      (i)      The above listed equity instruments represent ordinary shares of entities listed in the mainland China. These investments are not held
               for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
               investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in
               profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their
               performance potential in the long run.

      (ii)     The above unlisted equity securities represent the Group’s equity interests in various private entities established in the PRC. The directors
               of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that the Group will hold
               these investments for long-term strategic purposes.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      The components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
      and the movements are as follows:


                                                             Assets                      Liabilities                   Net Balance
                                                  31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
                                                         2020          2019           2020             2019           2020          2019
                                                  RMB millions    RMB millions RMB millions       RMB millions RMB millions    RMB millions

      Provisions and impairment losses,
        primarily for credit losses                      2,069           1,953               –               –              2,069           1,953

      Property, plant and equipment and others           5,299          4,862          (24,067)        (18,831)        (18,768)            (13,969)

      Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities            791            744                –               –               791              744

      Deferred revenues and installation costs               5             18               (4)            (13)                 1                5

      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                           –               –            (137)           (234)              (137)            (234)

      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                  8,164          7,577          (24,208)        (19,078)        (16,044)            (11,501)


                                                                                                       Recognised in
                                                                                                        consolidated
                                                                                     Balance at         statement of                   Balance at
                                                                                      1 January       comprehensive                 31 December
                                                                                           2020              income                         2020
                                                                                   RMB millions         RMB millions                RMB millions

      Provisions and impairment losses, primarily for credit losses                        1,953                    116                    2,069

      Property, plant and equipment and others                                           (13,969)                 (4,799)                 (18,768)

      Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                                              744                     47                       791

      Deferred revenues and installation costs                                                    5                   (4)                       1

      Equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                          (234)                    97                      (137)

      Net deferred tax liabilities                                                       (11,501)                 (4,543)                 (16,044)




                                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (continued)
                                                                                                               Recognised in
                                                                                                                consolidated
                                                                                          Balance at            statement of              Balance at
                                                                                           1 January          comprehensive            31 December
                                                                                               2019                  income                    2019
                                                                                         RMB millions           RMB millions            RMB millions

       Provisions and impairment losses, primarily for credit losses                             1,925                      28                  1,953

       Property, plant and equipment and others                                                 (8,442)                 (5,527)               (13,969)

       Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                                                   676                      68                    744

       Deferred revenues and installation costs                                                        10                    (5)                     5

       Equity instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                                    (87)               (147)                   (234)

       Net deferred tax liabilities                                                             (5,918)                 (5,583)               (11,501)


13. OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                                Note          RMB millions    RMB millions

       Contract costs                                                                            (i)                    1,151                     988

       Installation fees                                                                                                    16                      56

       Other long-term prepaid expenses and receivables                                                                 5,385                   3,643

                                                                                                                        6,552                   4,687


      Note:

      (i)       Contract costs capitalised as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 mainly relate to the incremental sales commissions paid to third party
                agents whose selling activities resulted in subscribers entering into telecommunications service agreements with the Group and the cost
                of installing terminal equipment at subscribers’ homes for the provision of Smart Family services of the Group. The amount of capitalised
                costs recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB1,234 million (2019: RMB1,367 million). There was
                no impairment in relation to the opening balance of capitalised costs or the costs capitalised during the years.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




14. JOINT OPERATION
      On 9 September 2019, the Group entered into a framework cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation Agreement”) with China
      United Network Communications Corporation Limited (“China Unicom”) to co-build and co-share 5G access network. Pursuant
      to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group and China Unicom delineate and designate the regions to jointly construct and
      operate one 5G access network nationwide. In certain regions in which the 5G access network is constructed, operated and
      maintained by China Unicom, the Group operates its 5G business relying on China Unicom’s network, while in other regions in
      which the 5G access network is constructed, operated and maintained by the Group, China Unicom operates its 5G business
      relying on the Group’s network.


      Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Group and China Unicom co-share 5G spectrum resources while the 5G core
      network is respectively constructed, operated and maintained by each party. Both parties jointly ensure an unified standard on
      network planning, construction, operation, maintenance and service quality in the 5G network co-build and co-share regions,
      and assure the same service level.


      The 5G network co-build and co-share arrangement is agreed by the Group and China Unicom through coordination and
      promotion institution jointly established by both parties, in order to set up relevant mechanism, system and rules with unanimous
      consensus from both parties. The main function of such joint coordination and promotion institution is to carry out joint network
      planning and investment decision, project initiation and acceptance and other related works, such as the determination of the
      location of 5G base stations and types of equipment, and coordinate the operation and maintenance of 5G co-build and co-
      share network in order to ensure the effective implementation of the Cooperation Agreement. For example, the timing, scale
      and location of the 5G base station construction, selection of equipment and appointment of maintenance suppliers across all
      regions are all negotiated and agreed by both parties with unanimous consensus.


      Under the joint operation, the business and branding of each party continue to operate independently and the subscribers
      belong to each party respectively. Revenues from each party’s subscribers are recognised by each party, cost and expenses
      are assumed by each party respectively, while assets constructed by each party and the relevant liabilities are recognised and
      assumed by each respective party.


15. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                                 RMB millions    RMB millions

      Materials and supplies                                                                                484                  577

      Goods for resale                                                                                    2,833                2,303

                                                                                                          3,317                2,880




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




16. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
       Accounts receivable, net, are analysed as follows:


                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                             Note          RMB millions    RMB millions

       Third parties                                                                                               23,688                 24,438

       China Telecom Group                                                                    (i)                    1,784                  1,188

       China Tower                                                                                                      23                          5

       Other telecommunications operators in the PRC                                                                   441                    550

                                                                                                                   25,936                 26,181

       Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                            (4,434)                (4,692)

                                                                                                                   21,502                 21,489


      Note:

      (i)      China Telecommunications Corporation together with its subsidiaries other than the Group are referred to as “China Telecom Group”.


       As at 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and 2020, the gross carrying amounts of accounts receivable from contracts with
       customers amounted to RMB25,155 million, RMB26,087 million and RMB25,836 million.


       Ageing analysis of accounts receivable from telephone and Internet subscribers based on the billing dates is as follows:


                                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                                           RMB millions    RMB millions

       Current, within 1 month                                                                                       7,068                  7,545

       1 to 3 months                                                                                                 1,601                  1,777

       4 to 12 months                                                                                                1,481                  1,822

       More than 12 months                                                                                             921                  1,002

                                                                                                                   11,071                 12,146

       Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                            (2,438)                (2,803)

                                                                                                                     8,633                  9,343




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




16. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET (continued)
      Ageing analysis of accounts receivable from other telecommunications operators and enterprise customers based on dates of
      rendering of services is as follows:


                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                                RMB millions    RMB millions

      Current, within 1 month                                                                            5,331               4,701

      1 to 3 months                                                                                      2,785               2,964

      4 to 12 months                                                                                     3,801               3,768

      More than 12 months                                                                                2,948               2,602

                                                                                                       14,865               14,035

      Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                 (1,996)              (1,889)

                                                                                                       12,869               12,146


      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, included in the net balance of the Group’s accounts receivable are debtors with aggregate
      carrying amount of RMB1,694 million and RMB1,936 million, respectively, which are past due as at the reporting date.


      Details of impairment assessment of accounts receivable for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out in Note
      41.


17. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                                RMB millions    RMB millions

      Third parties                                                                                        555                 447

      China Telecom Group                                                                                   49                  27

                                                                                                           604                 474


      As at 1 January 2019, contract assets amounted to RMB478 million.


      The Group’s contracts for information and application services include payment schedules which require stage payments over
      the service period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group classifies these contract assets as current because
      the Group expects to realise them in its normal operating cycle.




                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




18. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Amounts due from China Telecom Group                                                           1,189              1,233

       Amounts due from China Tower                                                                    138                 192

       Amounts due from other telecommunications operators in the PRC                                  204                 352

       Prepayments in connection with construction work and equipment purchases                       6,080              3,352

       Prepaid expenses and deposits                                                                  2,994              2,993

       Value-added tax recoverable                                                                    8,501              8,803

       Other receivables                                                                              6,061              5,294

                                                                                                    25,167              22,219


19. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Cash at bank and in hand                                                                     23,193              20,006

       Time deposits with original maturity within three months                                        491                 785

                                                                                                    23,684              20,791


20. SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM DEBT
       Short-term debt comprises:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Loans from banks – unsecured                                                                   4,831             15,831

       Super short-term commercial papers – unsecured                                               11,999              19,995

       Other loans – unsecured                                                                            –                 80

       Loans from China Telecom Group – unsecured                                                   11,164               6,621

       Total short-term debt                                                                        27,994              42,527


       The weighted average interest rate of the Group’s total short-term debt as at 31 December 2020 was 2.8% (31 December
       2019: 2.9%) per annum. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s loans from banks and other loans bear interest at rates ranging
       from 3.3% to 4.4% (31 December 2019: 3.5% to 4.4%) per annum, and are repayable within one year; super short-term
       commercial papers bear interest at rates ranging from 1.6% to 2.5% (31 December 2019: 1.9% to 2.2%) per annum, of which
       RMB8,999 million was repaid in January 2021 while the remaining balance will be repaid by 12 March 2021; the loans from
       China Telecom Group bear interest at rate of 3.1% (31 December 2019: 3.5%) per annum and are repayable within one year.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




20. SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM DEBT (continued)
      Long-term debt comprises:


                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                     Interest rates and final maturity                               2020          2019
                                                                                                              RMB millions    RMB millions

      Bank loans – unsecured

      Renminbi denominated (Note (i))                Interest rates ranging from 1.08% to 1.20%                         6,975                   7,738
                                                        per annum with maturities through 2036

      US Dollars denominated                         Interest rates ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%                            224                    288
                                                        per annum with maturities through 2028

      Euro denominated                               Interest rate of 2.30% per annum with                                 152                    173
                                                        maturities through 2032

                                                                                                                        7,351                   8,199

      Other loans – unsecured

      Renminbi denominated                                                                                                    1                      1

      Medium-term note – unsecured (Note (ii))                                                                          4,996                   4,995

      Company bonds – unsecured (Note (iii))                                                                            2,000                        –

      Loans from China Telecom Group
        – unsecured

      Renminbi denominated (Note (iv))                                                                                 11,000                  23,300

      Total long-term debt                                                                                             25,348                  36,495

      Less: current portion                                                                                            (1,126)                 (4,444)

      Non-current portion                                                                                              24,222                  32,051


      Notes:

      (i)      The Group obtained long-term RMB denominated government loans with below-market interest rates ranging from 1.08% to 1.20% per
               annum through banks (the “Low-interest Loans”). The Group recognised the Low-interest Loans at their fair value on initial recognition,
               and accreted the discount to profit or loss using the effective interest rate method. The difference between the fair value and face value
               of the Low-interest Loans was recognised as government grants in deferred revenue (Note 25).

      (ii)     On 22 January 2019, the Group issued three-year RMB denominated medium-term note, amounting to RMB3,000 million, with interest
               rate of 3.42% per annum, and incurred issuing costs of RMB3 million. The medium-term note is unsecured and is repayable on 21
               January 2022.

               On 19 March 2019, the Group issued three-year RMB denominated medium-term note, amounting to RMB2,000 million, with interest
               rate of 3.41% per annum and incurred issuing costs of RMB3 million. The medium-term note is unsecured and is repayable on 18 March
               2022.

      (iii)    On 10 March 2020, the Group issued three-year RMB denominated company bonds, amounting to RMB2,000 million, to qualified
               investors in Shanghai Stock Exchange, with interest rate of 2.90% per annum. The company bonds are unsecured and are payable on 9
               March 2023.

      (iv)     On 25 December 2017, the Group obtained long-term RMB denominated loans, amounting to RMB40,000 million, from China
               Telecommunications Corporation, with interest rate of 3.8% per annum, which are repayable within 3 to 5 years. The Group partially
               repaid these loans amounting to RMB3,000 million, RMB13,700 million and RMB12,300 million, respectively, in 2018, 2019 and 2020.




                                                                                   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




20. SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM DEBT (continued)
       The aggregate maturities of the Group’s long-term debt subsequent to 31 December 2020 are as follows:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Within 1 year                                                                                  1,126            4,444

       Between 1 to 2 years                                                                          17,081            1,078

       Between 2 to 3 years                                                                           3,009           26,032

       Between 3 to 4 years                                                                             984              965

       Between 4 to 5 years                                                                             952              940

       Thereafter                                                                                     2,196            3,036

                                                                                                     25,348           36,495


       The Group’s short-term and long-term debt do not contain any financial covenants. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had
       unutilised committed credit facilities amounting to RMB244,326 million (31 December 2019: RMB245,847 million).


21. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE
       Accounts payable are analysed as follows:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Third parties                                                                                 83,254           78,123

       China Telecom Group                                                                           19,272           19,531

       China Tower                                                                                    4,344            4,312

       Other telecommunications operators in the PRC                                                    708              650

                                                                                                   107,578           102,616


       Amounts due to China Telecom Group and China Tower are payable in accordance with contractual terms which are similar to
       those terms offered by third parties.


       Ageing analysis of accounts payable based on the due dates is as follows:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Due within 1 month or on demand                                                               17,261           17,546

       Due after 1 month but within 3 months                                                         24,451           17,273

       Due after 3 months but within 6 months                                                        30,965           33,237

       Due after 6 months                                                                            34,901           34,560

                                                                                                   107,578           102,616

China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




22. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                                      Note         RMB millions    RMB millions

      Amounts due to China Telecom Group                                                                   11,279                 6,069

      Amounts due to China Tower                                                                             1,192                1,261

      Amounts due to other telecommunications operators in the PRC                                              34                   32

      Accrued expenses                                                                                     36,885                34,628

      Advanced payment received in respect of contribution from
        non-controlling interests                                                       (i)                    978                     –

      Value-added tax payable                                                                                  600                  564

      Customer deposits and receipts in advance                                                              5,807                5,962

                                                                                                           56,775                48,516


      Note:

      (i)     For the year ended 31 December 2020, E-surfing Pay, a subsidiary of the Company, received RMB978 million advanced payment in
              respect of contribution from non-controlling interests.


23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                                                   RMB millions    RMB millions

      Third parties                                                                                        63,629                54,225

      China Telecom Group                                                                                      217                  162

      China Tower                                                                                                3                     1

                                                                                                           63,849                54,388


      As at 1 January 2019, contract liabilities amounted to RMB55,783 million. Majority of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2019
      was recognised as operating revenues for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




24. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Within one year                                                                              13,192             11,569

       Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                            12,585             10,887

       Within a period of more than two year but not more than five years                           11,138             16,255

       Within a period of more than five years                                                       3,732              3,435

                                                                                                    40,647             42,146

       Less: Current portion                                                                       (13,192)            (11,569)

       Non-current portion                                                                          27,455             30,577


25. DEFERRED REVENUES
       Deferred revenues as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 mainly represent the unearned portion of installation fees for wireline
       services received from customers (Note 13), and the unamortised portion of government grants (Note 20).


                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                             RMB millions         RMB millions

       Balance at beginning of the year                                                              1,455              1,829

       Reductions for the year:

         Amortisation of installation fees                                                             (55)                (90)

         Amortisation of government grants                                                            (261)               (284)

       Balance at end of year                                                                        1,139              1,455

       Representing:

         Current portion                                                                               278                358

         Non-current portion                                                                           861              1,097

                                                                                                     1,139              1,455


26. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                    2020          2019
                                                                                             RMB millions    RMB millions

       Registered, issued and fully paid

       67,054,958,321 ordinary domestic shares of RMB1.00 each                                      67,055             67,055

       13,877,410,000 overseas listed H shares of RMB1.00 each                                      13,877             13,877

                                                                                                    80,932             80,932


       All ordinary domestic shares and H shares rank pari passu in all material respects.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




27. RESERVES
      The Group

                                                                     Capital            Share          Surplus           General risk          Other       Exchange         Retained
                                                                     reserve         premium          reserves               reserve        reserves        reserves        earnings             Total
                                                                 RMB millions     RMB millions     RMB millions         RMB millions    RMB millions     RMB millions    RMB millions      RMB millions
                                                                    (Note (i))                       (Note (iii))          (Note (v))      (Note (ii))

      Balance as at 1 January 2019                                     17,806           10,746            76,231                   –              160            (727)        155,481           259,697

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                –                 –               –                   –              455            102           20,517            21,074

      Acquisition of non-controlling interests                               3                 –               –                   –                –               –                 –               3

      Share of an associate’s other changes in reserves                   (305)                –               –                   –                –               –                 –            (305)

      Dividends (Note 38)                                                    –                 –               –                   –                –               –          (8,891)           (8,891)

      Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve (Note (iii))               –                 –           1,812                   –                –               –          (1,812)                –

      Appropriations to general risk reserve (Note (v))                      –                 –               –                  23                –               –               (23)              –

      Balance as at 31 December 2019                                   17,504           10,746            78,043                  23              615            (625)        165,272           271,578

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                –                 –               –                    –            (294)           (312)         20,850            20,244

      Share of associates’ other changes in reserves                       (36)                –               –                    –               –               –                 –             (36)

      Dividends (Note 38)                                                    –                 –               –                    –               –               –          (9,262)           (9,262)

      Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve (Note (iii))               –                 –           1,811                    –               –               –          (1,811)                –

      Appropriations to general risk reserve (Note (v))                      –                 –               –                  33                –               –               (33)              –

      Balance as at 31 December 2020                                   17,468           10,746            79,854                  56              321            (937)        175,016           282,524


      The Company

                                                                                Capital        Share      Surplus         Other    Retained
                                                                                reserve     premium      reserves      reserves    earnings        Total
                                                                            RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions
                                                                               (Note (i))               (Note (iii))  (Note (ii)) (Note (iv))

      Balance as at 1 January 2019                                                   29,144               10,746                  76,231                  (12)           130,892             247,001

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                              –                        –                   –                 441             18,123               18,564

      Share of an associate’s other changes in reserves                                 (305)                       –                   –                   –                   –                 (305)

      Dividends (Note 38)                                                                  –                        –                   –                   –             (8,891)               (8,891)

      Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve (Note (iii))                             –                        –               1,812                   –             (1,812)                    –

      Balance as at 31 December 2019                                                 28,839               10,746                  78,043                  429            138,312             256,369

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                              –                        –                   –                (297)            18,112               17,815

      Share of associates’ other changes in reserves                                     (36)                       –                   –                    –                  –                  (36)

      Dividends (Note 38)                                                                  –                        –                   –                    –            (9,262)              (9,262)

      Appropriations to statutory surplus reserve (Note (iii))                             –                        –               1,811                    –            (1,811)                    –

      Balance as at 31 December 2020                                                 28,803               10,746                  79,854                  132            145,351             264,886



                                                                                                               China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




27. RESERVES (continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      Capital reserve of the Group mainly represents the sum of (a) the difference between the carrying amount of the Company’s net assets
               and the par value of the Company’s shares issued upon its formation; (b) the difference between the consideration paid by the Group
               for the entities acquired, other than the Fifth Acquired Group, from China Telecommunications Corporation, which were accounted for
               as equity transactions as disclosed in Note 1, and the historical carrying amount of the net assets of these acquired entities; and (c) the
               difference between the consideration paid by the Group for the acquisition of non-controlling interests and the carrying amount of the
               non-controlling interests acquired.

               The difference between the consideration paid by the Group and the historical carrying amount of the net assets of the Fifth Acquisition
               was recorded as a deduction of retained earnings.

               Capital reserve of the Company represents the difference between the carrying amount of the Company’s net assets and the par value
               of the Company’s shares issued upon its formation.

      (ii)     Other reserves of the Group and the Company represent primarily the change in the fair value of investment in equity instruments at
               FVTOCI and the deferred tax liabilities recognised due to the change in fair value of those investment in equity instruments.

      (iii)    The surplus reserves consist of statutory surplus reserve and discretionary surplus reserve.

               According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company is required to transfer 10% of its net profit, as determined in
               accordance with the lower of the amount determined under the PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the amount
               determined under IFRSs, to the statutory surplus reserve until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer
               to this reserve must be made before distribution of any dividend to shareholders. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019,
               the net profit of the Company determined in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and IFRSs are
               the same. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company transferred RMB1,811 million (2019: RMB1,812 million), being 10%
               of the year’s net profit, to this reserve. As at 31 December 2020, the amount of statutory surplus reserve was RMB33,775 million (31
               December 2019: RMB31,964 million).

               The Company did not transfer any discretionary surplus reserve for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. As at 31 December
               2020 and 2019, the amount of discretionary surplus reserve was RMB46,079 million.

               The statutory and discretionary surplus reserves are non-distributable other than in liquidation and can be used to make good of previous
               years’ losses, if any, and may be utilised for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing new shares to existing
               shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by them, provided that the
               remaining statutory surplus reserve balance after such issue is not less than 25% of the registered capital.

      (iv)     According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the amount of retained earnings available for distribution to shareholders of the
               Company is the lower of the amount of the Company’s retained earnings determined in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards
               for Business Enterprises and the amount determined in accordance with IFRSs. As at 31 December 2020, the amount of retained
               earnings available for distribution was RMB145,351 million (31 December 2019: RMB138,312 million), being the amount determined in
               accordance with IFRSs. Final dividend of approximately RMB8,403 million in respect of the financial year 2020 proposed after the end of
               the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability in the consolidated financial statements at the end of the reporting period (Note
               38).

      (v)      Pursuant to “Requirements on Impairment Allowance for Financial Institutions” (Caijin [2012] No. 20) issued by the Ministry of Finance
               of the PRC effective on 1 July 2012 (the “Requirements”), the Group’s subsidiaries, mainly Finance Company, establish a general risk
               reserve within equity, through appropriation of retained earnings, to address unidentified potential losses relating to risk assets. The
               general risk reserve balance should not be less than 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, as defined in the Requirements.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




28. OPERATING REVENUES
      Disaggregation of revenues

                                                                                                                         2020                   2019
                                                                                                   Notes          RMB millions             RMB millions

      Type of goods or services

      Revenue from contracts with customers

              Voice                                                                                   (i)                  40,866                 45,146

              Internet                                                                               (ii)                208,019                197,244

              Information and application services                                                   (iii)                 96,885                 87,623

              Telecommunications network resource and equipment services                             (iv)                  22,623                 21,978

              Sales of goods and others                                                              (v)                   19,598                 17,906

      Subtotal                                                                                                           387,991                369,897

      Revenue from other sources                                                                     (vi)                   5,570                  5,837

      Total operating revenues                                                                                           393,561                375,734

      Timing of revenue recognition

              A point in time                                                                                              16,141                 14,591

              Over time                                                                                                  377,420                361,143

      Total operating revenues                                                                                           393,561                375,734


      Notes:

      (i)             Represent the aggregate amount of voice usage fees, installation fees and interconnections fees charged to customers for the provision
                      of telephony services.

      (ii)            Represent amounts charged to customers for the provision of Internet access services.

      (iii)           Represent primarily the aggregate amount of fees charged to customers for the provision of Internet data centre service, system
                      integration services, Smart Family, caller ID service and short messaging service and etc.

      (iv)            Represent amounts charged to other domestic telecommunications operators and enterprise customers for the provision of
                      telecommunications network resource and equipment services.

      (v)             Represent primarily revenues from sales, and repair and maintenance of telecommunications equipment as well as the resale of mobile
                      services (MVNO).

      (vi)            Represent primarily revenue from property rental and other revenues.


      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance
      obligations under the Group’s existing contracts represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future when service is
      provided over the contract terms over the next 1 to 3 years.




                                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




29. NETWORK OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT EXPENSES
                                                                                                                    2020                   2019
                                                                                               Note          RMB millions             RMB millions

       Operating and maintenance                                                                                      70,943                 65,087

       Utility                                                                                                        14,637                 13,818

       Network resources usage and related fee                                                   (i)                  22,766                 20,976

       Others                                                                                                         11,171                  9,918

                                                                                                                    119,517                109,799


      Note:

      (i)        Network resources usage and related fee includes the variable lease payments not depending on an index or a rate and fee for non-lease
                 components in respect of telecommunication towers and related assets lease and fee in respect of the short-term leases and leases of
                 low-value assets, variable lease payments and fee for non-lease components in respect of the usage of network resources provided by
                 third parties.


30. PERSONNEL EXPENSES
       Personnel expenses are attributable to the following functions:


                                                                                                                    2020                   2019
                                                                                                             RMB millions             RMB millions

       Network operations and support                                                                                 43,260                 42,214

       Selling, general and administrative                                                                            22,729                 21,353

                                                                                                                      65,989                 63,567


31. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                                    2020                   2019
                                                                                              Notes          RMB millions             RMB millions

       Interconnection charges                                                                   (i)                  12,050                 12,683

       Cost of goods sold                                                                       (ii)                  15,440                 13,413

       Donations                                                                                                           13                      1

       Others                                                                                   (iii)                  1,571                  1,695

                                                                                                                      29,074                 27,792


      Notes:

      (i)        Interconnection charges represent amounts incurred for the use of other domestic and foreign telecommunications operators’ networks
                 for delivery of voice and data traffic that originate from the Group’s telecommunications networks.

      (ii)       Cost of goods sold primarily represents cost of telecommunications equipment sold.

      (iii)      Others mainly include tax and surcharges other than value-added tax and income tax.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




32. TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES
      Total operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were RMB364,921 million (2019: RMB346,664 million) which
      include auditor’s remuneration in relation to audit and non-audit services (excluding value-added tax) of RMB72 million and
      RMB3 million respectively (2019: RMB77 million and RMB3 million).


33. NET FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                             RMB millions         RMB millions

      Interest expense on short-term and long-term debts                                             1,981               2,623

      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                          1,566               1,607

      Less: Interest expense capitalised*                                                              (114)               (140)

      Net interest expense                                                                           3,433               4,090

      Interest income                                                                                  (582)               (492)

      Foreign exchange losses                                                                        1,018                 680

      Foreign exchange gains                                                                           (855)               (639)

                                                                                                     3,014               3,639

      *Interest expense was capitalised in construction in progress
         at the following rates per annum                                                      3.0%-4.4%            3.5%-4.4%


34. INCOME TAX
      Income tax in the profit or loss comprises:


                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                             RMB millions         RMB millions

      Provision for PRC income tax                                                                   1,532                 781

      Provision for income tax in other tax jurisdictions                                              135                 105

      Deferred taxation                                                                              4,640               5,436

                                                                                                     6,307               6,322




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




34. INCOME TAX (continued)
       A reconciliation of the expected tax expense with the actual tax expense is as follows:


                                                                                                                         2020                    2019
                                                                                                  Notes           RMB millions              RMB millions

       Profit before taxation                                                                                              27,387                  27,034

       Expected income tax expense at statutory tax rate of 25%                                     (i)                     6,847                    6,759

       Differential tax rate on PRC subsidiaries’ and branches’ income                              (i)                       (306)                   (315)

       Differential tax rate on other subsidiaries’ income                                          (ii)                       (47)                   (129)

       Non-deductible expenses                                                                      (iii)                      915                     979

       Non-taxable income                                                                           (iv)                      (576)                   (460)

       Effect of change in tax rate                                                                 (v)                        (29)                       –

       Others                                                                                       (vi)                      (497)                   (512)

       Actual income tax expense                                                                                            6,307                    6,322


      Notes:

      (i)       Except for certain subsidiaries and branches which are mainly taxed at preferential rate of 15%, the provision for mainland China income
                tax is based on a statutory rate of 25% of the assessable income of the Company, its mainland China subsidiaries and branches as
                determined in accordance with the relevant income tax rules and regulations of the PRC.

      (ii)      Income tax provisions of the Company’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions of the PRC, and in other
                countries are based on the subsidiaries’ assessable income and income tax rates applicable in the respective tax jurisdictions which
                range from 8% to 35%.

      (iii)     Amounts represent miscellaneous expenses in excess of statutory deductible limits for tax purposes.

      (iv)      Amounts represent miscellaneous income which are not subject to income tax.

      (v)       Hainan branch of the Company obtained approval from tax authority to adopt the preferential income tax rate of 15% during the current
                year. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities that were expected to be recovered or settled after 31 December 2019
                were adjusted to reflect the change in tax rate. The overall effect of change in tax rate amounting to RMB29 million was credited to the
                consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

      (vi)      Amounts primarily represent settlement of tax filing differences of prior year annual tax return and other tax benefits such as additional tax
                deduction on research and development expenses.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




35. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
      The following table sets out the remuneration of the Company’s directors and supervisors:

                                                                          Salaries,
                                                      Directors’/      allowances                  Retirement
                                                     supervisors’     and benefits Discretionary      scheme Share-based
      2020                                                   fees           in kind     bonuses8 contributions  payments                         Total
                                                            RMB               RMB          RMB           RMB        RMB                          RMB
                                                       thousands        thousands     thousands    thousands   thousands                    thousands
      Executive directors
      Ke Ruiwen                                                   –             221              527               73                 –             821
      Li Zhengmao1                                                –             129              434               48                 –             611
      Shao Guanglu1                                               –             116              436               46                 –             598
      Liu Guiqing                                                 –             197              464               59                 –             720
      Zhu Min                                                     –             197              464               52                 –             713
      Chen Zhongyue2                                              –             199              468               71                 –             738
      Wang Guoquan3                                               –             181              447               42                 –             670
      Gao Tongqing4                                               –              17               16                8                 –              41


      Non-executive director
      Chen Shengguang                                             –                –                –                –                –                –


      Independent non-executive directors7
      Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                    477                 –                –                –                –             477
      Xu Erming                                                250                 –                –                –                –             250
      Wang Hsuehming                                           261                 –                –                –                –             261
      Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                     261                 –                –                –                –             261


      Supervisors
      Sui Yixun                                                   –             227              494               49                 –             770
      Zhang Jianbin                                               –             214              494               49                 –             757
      Dai Bin5                                                    –             110              202               26                 –             338
      Xu Shiguang                                                 –             118              335               33                 –             486
      You Minqiang5                                               –                –                –                –                –                –
      Yang Jianqing6                                              –                –                –                –                –                –
      Ye Zhong6                                                   –                –                –                –                –                –
                                                             1,249            1,926            4,781              556                 –           8,512

      1          Mr Li Zhengmao and Mr Shao Guanglu was appointed as executive directors of the Company on 26 May 2020.

      2          Mr Chen Zhongyue resigned as an executive director of the Company on 19 January 2021.

      3          Mr Wang Guoquan resigned as an executive director of the Company on 4 December 2020.

      4          Mr Gao Tongqing resigned as an executive director of the Company on 17 January 2020.

      5          Mr Dai Bin and Mr You Minqiang was appointed as supervisors of the Company on 26 May 2020.

      6          Mr Yang Jianqing and Mr Ye Zhong retired as supervisors of the Company on 26 May 2020.

      7          The independent non-executive directors’ remuneration were for their services as directors of the Company.

      8          The discretionary bonuses of the executive directors and supervisors were determined based on the Group’s performance for the year.

      9          The remuneration of all directors and supervisors were calculated based on their respective actual terms of office within this year. None
                 of the directors or supervisors received any inducements for joining the Company or compensation for loss of office, or waived or agreed
                 to waive any emoluments during this year.

                                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




35. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
                                                                           Salaries,
                                                       Directors’/      allowances                        Retirement
                                                      supervisors’     and benefits    Discretionary         scheme      Share-based
       2019                                                   fees           in kind       bonuses6     contributions       payments              Total
                                                             RMB               RMB             RMB              RMB             RMB               RMB
                                                       thousands        thousands        thousands        thousands        thousands         thousands
       Executive directors
       Ke Ruiwen                                                  –             221              648              113                 –             982
       Chen Zhongyue                                              –             199              603              111                 –             913
       Liu Guiqing1                                               –              66              399               43                 –             508
       Zhu Min                                                    –             197              458              106                 –             761
       Wang Guoquan2                                              –              66               98               41                 –             205
       Yang Jie3                                                  –              37              399               32                 –             468
       Gao Tongqing    4
                                                                  –             199              603              112                 –             914


       Non-executive director
       Chen Shengguang                                            –                –                –                –                –                –


       Independent non-executive directors5
       Tse Hau Yin, Aloysius                                   487                 –                –                –                –             487
       Xu Erming                                               250                 –                –                –                –             250
       Wang Hsuehming                                          266                 –                –                –                –             266
       Yeung Chi Wai, Jason                                    266                 –                –                –                –             266


       Supervisors
       Sui Yixun                                                  –             265              494              107                 –             866
       Zhang Jianbin                                              –             253              494              107                 –             854
       Yang Jianqing                                              –             309              458              111                 –             878
       Xu Shiguang                                                –             145              356               84                 –             585
       Ye Zhong                                                   –                –                –                –                –                –
                                                             1,269            1,957            5,010              967                 –           9,203

      1          Mr Liu Guiqing was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 19 August 2019.

      2          Mr Wang Guoquan was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 19 August 2019.

      3          Mr Yang Jie resigned as an executive director of the Company on 4 March 2019.

      4          Mr Gao Tongqing resigned as an executive director of the Company on 17 January 2020.

      5          The independent non-executive directors’ remuneration were for their services as directors of the Company.

      6          The discretionary bonuses of the executive directors and supervisors were determined based on the Group’s performance for the
                 year. In addition, according to the respective provision of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
                 State Council of China (“SASAC”), certain directors were also entitled to deferred bonuses in relation to 2016 and 2018. The deferred
                 bonuses paid to Mr Ke Ruiwen, Mr Chen Zhongyue, Mr Liu Guiqing, Madam Zhu Min, Mr Yang Jie and Mr Gao Tongqing in the current
                 year were RMB583 thousand, RMB578 thousand, RMB206 thousand, RMB111 thousand, RMB642 thousand and RMB578 thousand,
                 respectively.

      7          The remuneration of all directors and supervisors were calculated based on their respective actual terms of office within this year. None
                 of the directors or supervisors received any inducements for joining the Company or compensation for loss of office, or waived or agreed
                 to waive any emoluments during this year.


China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




36. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
    REMUNERATION
      (a)    Five highest paid individuals

             None of the five highest paid individuals of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 were directors
             of the Company.


             The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the five (2019: five) individuals (non-directors) are as follows:


                                                                                                        2020                   2019
                                                                                               RMB thousands          RMB thousands

             Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                     8,248                   7,054

             Discretionary bonuses                                                                         2,423                   3,456

             Retirement scheme contributions                                                                   46                      48

                                                                                                          10,717                  10,558


             The emoluments of the five (2019: five) individuals (non-directors) with the highest emoluments are within the following
             bands:


                                                                                                            2020                     2019
                                                                                                     Number of                 Number of
                                                                                                     individuals               individuals

             RMB0 – RMB1,000,000                                                                                –                       –

             RMB1,000,001 – RMB1,500,000                                                                        –                       –

             RMB1,500,001 – RMB2,000,000                                                                        4                       4

             More than RMB2,000,001                                                                             1                       1


             None of these employees received any inducements for joining the Company or compensation for loss of office, or
             waived any emoluments during the periods presented.


      (b)    Senior management remuneration

             The emoluments of the Group’s senior management are within the following bands:


                                                                                                            2020                     2019
                                                                                                     Number of                 Number of
                                                                                                     individuals               individuals

             RMB0 – RMB1,000,000                                                                               21                      12

             RMB1,000,001 – RMB1,500,000                                                                        –                       5

             RMB1,500,001 – RMB2,000,000                                                                        –                       1




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




37. PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
       For the year ended 31 December 2020, the consolidated profit attributable to equity holders of the Company includes a profit of
       RMB18,112 million which has been dealt with in the stand-alone financial statements of the Company.


       For the year ended 31 December 2019, the consolidated profit attributable to equity holders of the Company includes a profit of
       RMB18,123 million which has been dealt with in the stand-alone financial statements of the Company.


38. DIVIDENDS
       Pursuant to a resolution passed at the Board of Directors’ meeting on 9 March 2021, a final dividend of equivalent to HK$0.125
       per share totaling approximately RMB8,403 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 was proposed for shareholders’
       approval at the Annual General Meeting. The dividend has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements for the
       year ended 31 December 2020.


       Pursuant to the shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2020, a final dividend of RMB0.114441
       (equivalent to HK$0.125) per share totaling RMB9,262 million in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 was declared,
       and paid on 31 July 2020.


       Pursuant to the shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting held on 29 May 2019, a final dividend of RMB0.109851
       (equivalent to HK$0.125) per share totaling RMB8,891 million in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 was declared,
       and paid on 26 July 2019.


39. BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
       The calculation of basic earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 is based on the profit attributable
       to equity holders of the Company of RMB20,850 million and RMB20,517 million respectively, divided by 80,932,368,321
       shares.


       Diluted earnings per share were equivalent to basic earnings per share, as there were no potential ordinary shares in existence
       for the periods presented.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




40. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      Capital commitments

      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group had capital commitments as follows:


                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                                  RMB millions    RMB millions

      Contracted for but not provided

        Property                                                                                           1,202                1,810

        Telecommunications network plant and equipment                                                   18,997               19,131

                                                                                                         20,199               20,941


      Contingent liabilities

      (a)     The Group was advised by their PRC lawyers that no material contingent liabilities were assumed by the Group.


      (b)     As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group did not have contingent liabilities in respect of guarantees given to
              banks in respect of banking facilities granted to other parties, or other forms of contingent liabilities.


      Legal contingencies

      The Group is a defendant in certain lawsuits as well as the named party in other proceedings arising in the ordinary course
      of business. Management has assessed the likelihood of an unfavourable outcome of such contingencies, lawsuits or other
      proceedings and based on such assessment, believes that any resulting liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the
      financial position, operating results or cash flows of the Group.


41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Financial assets of the Group include cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits and restricted cash, equity instruments,
      accounts receivable, financial assets at FVTPL and financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets. Financial
      liabilities of the Group include short-term and long-term debt, accounts payable and financial liabilities included in accrued
      expenses and other payables.


      (a)     Fair Value Measurements

              Based on IFRS 13, “Fair Value Measurement”, the fair value of each financial instrument is categorised in its entirety
              based on the lowest level of input that is significant to that fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:


              •    Level 1:   fair values measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical financial
                              instruments


              •    Level 2:   fair values measured using quoted prices in active markets for similar financial instruments, or using
                              valuation techniques in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly based on observable market
                              data


              •    Level 3:   fair values measured using valuation techniques in which any significant input is not based on
                              observable market data

                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       (a)    Fair Value Measurements (continued)

              The fair values of the Group’s financial instruments (other than long-term debt and financial instruments measured at fair
              value) approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.


              The listed equity securities investment included in Group’s equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
              income are categorised as level 1 financial instruments. As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the Group’s listed
              equity securities investment are RMB838 million (31 December 2019: RMB1,228 million) based on quoted market price
              on PRC stock exchanges.


              The fair value of long-term debt is estimated by discounting future cash flows using current market interest rates offered
              to the Group for debt with substantially the same characteristics and maturities. The fair value measurement of long-
              term debt is categorised as level 2. The interest rates used by the Group in estimating the fair values of long-term debt,
              having considered the foreign currency denomination of the debt, ranged from 2.9% to 4.9% (31 December 2019: 3.7%
              to 4.9%). As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s long-term debt were as
              follows:


                                                                     31 December 2020                         31 December 2019
                                                                    Carrying                                  Carrying
                                                                     amount       Fair value                   amount       Fair value
                                                                 RMB millions RMB millions                 RMB millions RMB millions

              Long-term debt                                             25,348             25,294              36,495             35,780


              During the year, there were no transfers among instruments in level 1, level 2 or level 3.


       (b)    Risks

              The Group’s financial instruments are exposed to three main types of risks, namely, credit risk, liquidity risk and market
              risk (which mainly comprises of interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk). The Group’s overall risk
              management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse
              effects on the Group’s financial performance. Risk management is carried out under policies approved by the Board
              of Directors. The Board provides principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas,
              such as liquidity risk, credit risk, and market risk. The Board regularly reviews these policies and authorises changes if
              necessary based on operating and market conditions and other relevant risks. The following summarises the qualitative
              and quantitative disclosures for each of the three main types of risks:


              (i)     Credit risk
                      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial
                      loss to the Group. For the Group, this arises mainly from deposits it maintains at financial institutions and credit
                      it provides to customers for the provision of telecommunications services.


                      Cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and restricted cash
                      To limit exposure to credit risk relating to deposits, the Group primarily places cash deposits only with large
                      state-owned financial institutions in the PRC with acceptable credit ratings. The credit risks on bank balances
                      are limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)    Risks (continued)

             (i)    Credit risk (continued)
                    Accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
                    For accounts receivable and contract assets, management performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
                    customers’ financial condition and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable and contract
                    assets. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
                    ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic
                    environment in which the customer operates. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                    under ECL model on trade balances individually or based on provision matrix. Furthermore, the Group has a
                    diversified base of customers with no single customer contributing more than 10% of revenues for the periods
                    presented.


                    The Group measures loss allowances for accounts receivable and contract assets at an amount equal to
                    lifetime ECL, which is calculated using a provision matrix, or individually assessed for those debtors with
                    significant balances or credit impaired debtors. As different loss patterns were indicated during the analysis
                    of the Group’s historical credit loss experience between telephone and Internet subscribers and enterprise
                    customers, the following tables provide information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECL for
                    accounts receivable and contract assets from telephone and Internet subscribers and enterprise customers,
                    respectively, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019:


                    Accounts receivable from telephone and Internet subscribers:


                                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                                   Expected Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                                    loss rate        amount      allowance
                                                                                           %     RMB millions  RMB millions

                    Current, within 1 month                                               2%              7,068               132

                    1 to 3 months                                                       20%               1,601               317

                    4 to 6 months                                                       60%                 561               333

                    7 to 12 months                                                      80%                 920               735

                    Over 12 months                                                     100%                 921               921

                                                                                                        11,071              2,438




                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       (b)    Risks (continued)

              (i)    Credit risk (continued)
                     Accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
                     (continued)
                     Accounts receivable from telephone and Internet subscribers: (continued)


                                                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                                                    Expected       Gross carrying           Loss
                                                                                     loss rate           amount        allowance
                                                                                            %        RMB millions    RMB millions

                     Current, within 1 month                                              2%              7,545               141

                     1 to 3 months                                                        20%             1,777               349

                     4 to 6 months                                                        60%               739               444

                     7 to 12 months                                                       80%             1,083               867

                     Over 12 months                                                     100%              1,002             1,002

                                                                                                         12,146             2,803


                     Accounts receivable and contract assets from enterprise customers:


                     Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has increased the expected
                     loss rates on accounts receivable and contract assets from enterprise customers in the current year as there is
                     higher risk that a prolonged pandemic could lead to increased credit default rates.


                                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                                   Expected Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                                    loss rate        amount      allowance
                                                                                           %     RMB millions  RMB millions

                     1 to 6 months                                                        2%              6,031               124

                     7 to 12 months                                                       22%             1,120               232

                     1 to 2 years                                                         67%               685               445

                     2 to 3 years                                                      100%                 347               333

                     Over 3 years                                                      100%                 324               324

                                                                                                          8,507             1,458




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)    Risks (continued)

             (i)    Credit risk (continued)
                    Accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
                    (continued)
                    Accounts receivable and contract assets from enterprise customers: (continued)


                                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                                                   Expected       Gross carrying           Loss
                                                                                    loss rate           amount        allowance
                                                                                           %        RMB millions    RMB millions

                    1 to 6 months                                                        2%              5,452              102

                    7 to 12 months                                                      20%              1,428              239

                    1 to 2 years                                                        60%                   621           353

                    2 to 3 years                                                        90%                   258           224

                    Over 3 years                                                      100%                    371           364

                                                                                                         8,130            1,282


                    As at 31 December 2020, the loss allowance for accounts receivable and contract assets was RMB4,434
                    million and RMB9 million (2019: RMB4,692 million and RMB8 million), respectively. Loss allowance of RMB547
                    million as at 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB615 million), which was not calculated collectively in the above
                    tables, was made individually on debtors with significant balances or credit impaired debtors.


                    Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 to 3 years. These rates are adjusted
                    to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been
                    collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
                    receivables.


                    Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of accounts receivable is as follows:


                                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                                RMB millions        RMB millions

                    At beginning of year                                                               4,692              4,680

                    Impairment losses for ECL                                                          1,382              1,653

                    Amounts written off                                                               (1,640)             (1,641)

                    At end of year                                                                     4,434              4,692




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       (b)    Risks (continued)

              (ii)   Liquidity risk
                     Liquidity risk refers to the risk that funds will not be available to meet liabilities as they fall due, and results from
                     timing and amount mismatches of cash inflow and outflow. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                     sufficient cash balances and adequate amount of committed banking facilities to meet its funding needs,
                     including working capital, principal and interest payments on debts, dividend payments, capital expenditures
                     and new investments for a set minimum period of between 3 to 6 months.


                     The following table sets out the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
                     Group’s financial liabilities and lease liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                     interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on prevailing rates at the end of the
                     reporting period) and the earliest date the Group would be required to repay:


                                                                                            31 December 2020
                                                                                 Total                More than    More than
                                                                           contractual       Within    1 year but 2 years but
                                                                Carrying undiscounted     1 year or     less than   less than   More than
                                                                 amount      cash flow  on demand         2 years     5 years     5 years
                                                             RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions

                     Short-term debt                                27,994          28,417         28,417               –              –              –

                     Long-term debt                                 25,348          27,805          1,410          17,838          5,609          2,948

                     Accounts payable                              107,578        107,578         107,578               –              –              –

                     Accrued expenses and other payables            56,775          56,775         56,775               –              –              –

                     Lease liabilities                              40,647          43,896         14,449          13,363         12,110          3,974

                                                                   258,342        264,471         208,629          31,201         17,719          6,922


                                                                                                   31 December 2019
                                                                                      Total                    More than       More than
                                                                                contractual         Within      1 year but    2 years but
                                                                  Carrying    undiscounted       1 year or       less than      less than     More than
                                                                   amount         cash flow    on demand           2 years        5 years       5 years
                                                               RMB millions   RMB millions    RMB millions RMB millions      RMB millions   RMB millions

                     Short-term debt                                42,527          43,697         43,697               –              –              –

                     Long-term debt                                 36,495          40,791          4,625           1,184         30,824          4,158

                     Accounts payable                              102,616        102,616         102,616               –              –              –

                     Accrued expenses and other payables            48,516          48,516         48,516               –              –              –

                     Lease liabilities                              42,146          45,535         12,846          11,794         17,266          3,629

                                                                   272,300        281,155         212,300          12,978         48,090          7,787


                     Management believes that the Group’s current cash on hand, expected cash flows from operations and
                     available credit facilities from banks (Note 20) will be sufficient to meet the Group’s working capital requirements
                     and repay its borrowings and obligations when they become due.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)    Risks (continued)

             (iii)   Interest rate risk
                     The Group’s interest rate risk exposure arises primarily from its short-term debt and long-term debt. Debts
                     carrying interest at variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair
                     value interest rate risk, respectively. The Group manages its exposure to interest rate risk by closely monitoring
                     the change in the market interest rate.


                     The following table sets out the interest rate profile of the Group’s debt at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                     31 December 2020                       31 December 2019
                                                                    Effective                               Effective
                                                                     interest                                interest
                                                                      rate %  RMB millions                    rate %  RMB millions

                     Fixed rate debt:

                     Short-term debt                                       2.7            22,719                 2.5            29,022

                     Long-term debt                                        2.7            25,348                 3.1            36,495

                                                                                          48,067                                65,517

                     Variable rate debt:

                     Short-term debt                                       3.3             5,275                 3.8            13,505

                                                                                           5,275                                13,505

                     Total debt                                                           53,342                                79,022

                     Fixed rate debt as a percentage of
                        total debt                                                        90.1%                                  82.9%


                     Management does not expect the increase or decrease in interest rate will materially affect the Group’s financial
                     position and result of operations because the interest rates of 90.1% (31 December 2019: 82.9%) of the
                     Group’s short-term and long-term debt as at 31 December 2020 are fixed as set out above.


             (iv)    Foreign currency exchange rate risk
                     Foreign currency exchange rate risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a currency other
                     than the functional currency in which they are measured. The Group’s foreign currency risk exposure mainly
                     relates to bank deposits and borrowings denominated primarily in US dollars, Euros and Hong Kong dollars.


                     Management does not expect the appreciation or depreciation of the Renminbi against foreign currencies will
                     materially affect the Group’s financial position and result of operations because 73.0% (31 December 2019:
                     78.0%) of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and 99.3% (31 December 2019: 99.4%) of the Group’s
                     short-term and long-term debt as at 31 December 2020 are denominated in Renminbi. Details of bank loans
                     denominated in other currencies are set out in Note 20.




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




42. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
       The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so
       that it can continue to provide investment returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and
       services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.


       Management regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the higher shareholder returns
       that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position,
       and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.


       Management monitors its capital structure on the basis of total debt-to-total assets ratio. For this purpose the Group defines
       total debt as the sum of short-term debt and long-term debt. Total debts do not include balance of deposits received by
       Finance Company from China Telecom Group amounting to RMB9,826 million and lease liabilities amounting to RMB40,647
       million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB4,098 million and RMB42,146 million). As at 31 December 2020,
       the Group’s total debt-to-total assets ratio was 7.5% (31 December 2019: 11.2%), which is within the range of management’s
       expectation.


       Except Finance Company is subject to certain capital requirements imposed by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
       Commission, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




43. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
      changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in
      the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                                         Deposits Other payables
                                                                                                              with in respect of
                                                   Short-term    Long-term        Lease     Dividend      Finance certain equity
                                                         debt         debt     liabilities   payable    Company transactions          Total
                                                  RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions
                                                                                                                 (Note (i))
      Balance as at 1 January 2019                     49,537         45,991         45,864              –               –             –        141,392
      Financing cash flows                              (7,010)       (9,782)       (10,699)        (9,072)         4,098             (8)       (32,473)
      New leases                                             –             –          8,856              –               –             –          8,856
      Lease modifications                                    –             –           (589)             –               –             –           (589)
      Transferred to accounts payable                        –             –         (2,900)             –               –             –         (2,900)
      Interest expenses                                      –          284           1,607              –               –             –          1,891
      Foreign exchange loss                                  –             2              7              –               –             –              9
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests               –             –              –              –               –             8              8
      Distribution to non-controlling interests              –             –              –           181                –             –            181
      Dividends declared                                     –             –              –          8,891               –             –          8,891
      Balance as at 31 December 2019                   42,527         36,495         42,146              –          4,098              –        125,266
      Financing cash flows                             (14,533)      (11,400)       (12,738)        (9,304)         5,728           977         (41,270)
      New leases                                             –             –         13,561              –               –             –         13,561
      Lease modifications                                    –             –         (1,254)             –               –             –         (1,254)
      Transferred to accounts payable                        –             –         (2,618)             –               –             –         (2,618)
      Interest expenses                                      –          266           1,566              –               –             –          1,832
      Foreign exchange loss                                  –           (13)           (16)             –               –             –            (29)
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests               –             –              –              –               –             1              1
      Distribution to non-controlling interests              –             –              –             42               –             –             42
      Dividends declared                                     –             –              –          9,262               –             –          9,262
      Balance as at 31 December 2020                   27,994         25,348         40,647              –          9,826           978         104,793


      Notes:

      (i)        As at 31 December 2020, the balance of deposits with Finance Company amounting to RMB9,826 million (31 December 2019:
                 RMB4,098 million) were included in amounts due to China Telecom Group in accrued expenses and other payables (Note 22).

      (ii)       For the year ended 31 December 2020, other than the net financing cash outflows totalling RMB41,270 million as presented above:
                 Finance Company, a subsidiary of the Company, placed statutory reserve deposits amounting to RMB837 million at the People’s Bank
                 of China which was included in the balance of short-term bank deposits and restricted cash as at 31 December 2020.


                 For the year ended 31 December 2019, other than the net financing cash outflows totalling RMB32,473 million as presented above:
                 E-surfing Pay received RMB90 million as part of the total consideration amounting to RMB945 million in respect of contribution from non-
                 controlling interests; Finance Company received RMB1,500 million in respect of contribution from non-controlling interests, and placed
                 statutory reserve deposits amounting to RMB405 million at the People’s Bank of China which was included in the balance of short-term
                 bank deposits and restricted cash as at 31 December 2019.




                                                                                    China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       (a)    Transactions with China Telecom Group

              The Group is a part of companies under China Telecommunications Corporation, a company owned by the PRC
              government, and has significant transactions and business relationships with members of China Telecom Group.


              The principal transactions with China Telecom Group are as follows. These transactions constitute continuing connected
              transactions under the Listing Rules and the Company has complied with the relevant disclosure requirements under
              Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details of these continuing connected transactions are disclosed under the
              paragraph “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.


                                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                        Notes          RMB millions           RMB millions

              Construction and engineering services                                        (i)                 15,046               14,014

              Receiving ancillary services                                                 (ii)                18,903               18,571

              Interconnection revenues                                                    (iii)                    54                    97

              Interconnection charges                                                     (iii)                   123                   183

              Receiving community services                                                (iv)                  3,682                 3,464

              Net transaction amount of centralised services                               (v)                    268                   133

              Property lease income                                                       (vi)                     45                    57

              Property lease related expenses                                             (vii)                   581                   577

              Addition to right-of-use assets                                             (vii)                   335                   284

              Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       (vii)                    16                    11

              Provision of IT services                                                    (viii)                  556                   464

              Receiving IT services                                                       (viii)                2,653                 2,175

              Purchases of telecommunications equipment and materials                     (ix)                  3,567                 3,538

              Sales of telecommunications equipment and materials                         (ix)                  2,070                 1,444

              Internet applications channel services                                       (x)                     73                   108

              Interest on loans from China Telecom Group*                                 (xi)                    975                 1,485

              Others*                                                                     (xii)                   243                   189

              Net deposit by China Telecom Group with Finance Company                     (xiii)                5,728                 4,098

              Interest expense on the deposit by China Telecom Group with
                 Finance Company                                                          (xiii)                   82                      7


              *         These transactions are conducted on normal commercial terms and are fully exempted from compliance with the reporting,
                        announcement, independent shareholders’ approval and/or annual review requirements under Rules 14A.76 or 14A.90 of the
                        Listing Rules.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (a)    Transactions with China Telecom Group (continued)
             Notes:

             (i)      Represent construction and engineering as well as design and supervisory services provided by China Telecom Group.

             (ii)     Represent amounts paid and payable to China Telecom Group in respect of ancillary services such as repairs and maintenance
                      of telecommunications equipment and facilities and certain customer services.

             (iii)    Represent amounts received and receivable from/paid and payable to China Telecom Group for interconnection of local and
                      domestic long distance calls.

             (iv)     Represent amounts paid and payable to China Telecom Group in respect of cultural, educational, health care and other
                      community services.

             (v)      Represent net amount shared between the Company and China Telecom Group for costs associated with centralised services.
                      The amount represents amounts received or receivable for the net amount of centralised services.

             (vi)     Represent amounts of property lease fee received and receivable from China Telecom Group for leasing of properties.

             (vii)    Represent amounts in relation to the leasing of properties from China Telecom Group, including the fee for short-term leases,
                      leases of low-value assets, variable lease payments not depending on an index or a rate and fee for non-lease components.

             (viii)   Represent IT services provided to and received from China Telecom Group.

             (ix)     Represent the amount of telecommunications equipment and materials purchased from/sold to China Telecom Group and
                      commission paid and payable for procurement services provided by China Telecom Group.

             (x)      Represent amounts received and receivable from China Telecom Group in respect of Internet applications channel services,
                      including the provision of telecommunications channel and applications support platform and billing and deduction services,
                      etc.

             (xi)     Represent interest paid and payable to China Telecom Group with respect to the loans from China Telecom Group (Note 20).

             (xii)    Represent amounts paid and payable to China Telecom Group primarily for usage of certain CDMA mobile telecommunications
                      network (“CDMA network”) facilities located in Xizang Autonomous Region, certain inter-provincial transmission optic fibres
                      within its service regions and certain land use rights.

             (xiii)   Represent amounts related to financial services provided by Finance Company to China Telecom Group, including lending
                      services, deposit services and other financial services.




                                                                               China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
       (a)    Transactions with China Telecom Group (continued)

              Amounts due from/to China Telecom Group are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                    2019
                                                                                                           RMB millions             RMB millions
              Accounts receivable                                                                                    1,784                  1,188
              Contract assets                                                                                            49                     27
              Prepayments and other current assets                                                                   1,189                  1,233
              Total amounts due from China Telecom Group                                                             3,022                  2,448
              Accounts payable                                                                                     19,272                  19,531
              Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                  11,279                   6,069
              Contract liabilities                                                                                     217                    162
              Lease liabilities                                                                                        489                    389
              Short-term debt                                                                                      11,164                   6,621
              Long-term debt                                                                                       11,000                  23,300
              Total amounts due to China Telecom Group                                                             53,421                  56,072


              Amounts due from/to China Telecom Group, other than short-term debt, long-term debt, deposit with Finance
              Company included in accrued expenses and other payables (Note 43(i)), bear no interest, are unsecured and are
              repayable in accordance with contractual terms which are similar to those terms offered by third parties. The terms and
              conditions associated with short-term debt and long-term debt due to China Telecom Group are set out in Note 20.


              As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, no material loss allowance was recognised in respect of amounts due from China
              Telecom Group.


       (b)    Transactions with China Tower

              The principal transactions with China Tower are as follows. These transactions do not constitute connected transactions
              under the Listing Rules.


                                                                                                                  2020                   2019
                                                                                            Note           RMB millions             RMB millions
              Tower assets lease related expenses                                             (i)                  10,746                  10,543
              Additions of right-of-use assets                                                (i)                    3,645                  3,735
              Interest expense on lease liabilities                                           (i)                      805                    938
              Provision of IT services                                                        (ii)                       31                     31

              Notes:

              (i)      Represent amounts in relation to the lease of tower assets, including the variable lease payments not depending on an index or
                       a rate and fee for non-lease components.

              (ii)     Represent IT and other ancillary services provided to China Tower.


China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)    Transactions with China Tower (continued)

             Amounts due from/to China Tower are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                              RMB millions    RMB millions

             Accounts receivable                                                                          23                    5

             Prepayments and other current assets                                                        138                 192

             Total amounts due from China Tower                                                          161                 197

             Accounts payable                                                                          4,344               4,312

             Accrued expenses and other payables                                                       1,192               1,261

             Contract liabilities                                                                          3                    1

             Lease liabilities                                                                        19,798              24,474

             Total amounts due to China Tower                                                         25,337              30,048


             Amounts due from/to China Tower bear no interest, are unsecured and are repayable in accordance with contractual
             terms which are similar to those terms offered by third parties.


             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, no material loss allowance was recognised in respect of amounts due from China
             Tower.


      (c)    Key management personnel compensation

             Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling
             the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors and supervisors of the Group.


             Key management personnel compensation of the Group is summarised as follows:


                                                                                                    2020                  2019
                                                                                           RMB thousands         RMB thousands

             Short-term employee benefits                                                              8,727               9,604

             Post-employment benefits                                                                    628               1,199

                                                                                                       9,355              10,803


             The above remuneration is included in personnel expenses.


      (d)    Contributions to post-employment benefit plans

             The Group participates in various defined contribution post-employment benefit plans organised by municipal,
             autonomous regional and provincial governments for its employees. Further details of the Group’s post-employment
             benefit plans are disclosed in Note 46.




                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
       (e)    Transactions with other government-related entities in the PRC

              The Group is a government-related enterprise and operates in an economic regime currently dominated by entities
              directly or indirectly controlled by the People’s Republic of China through government authorities, agencies, affiliations
              and other organisations (collectively referred to as “government-related entities”).


              Apart from transactions with parent company and its fellow subsidiaries (Note 44(a)), the Group has transactions that
              are collectively but not individually significant with other government-related entities, which include but not limited to the
              following:


              •       rendering and receiving services, including but not limited to telecommunications services


              •       sales and purchases of goods, properties and other assets


              •       lease of assets


              •       depositing and borrowing


              •       use of public utilities


              These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business on terms comparable to the terms
              of transactions with other entities that are not government-related. The Group prices its telecommunications services
              and products based on government-regulated tariff rates, where applicable, or based on commercial negotiations.
              The Group has also established procurement policies and approval processes for purchases of products and services,
              which do not depend on whether the counterparties are government-related entities or not.


              The directors of the Company believe the above information provides appropriate disclosure of related party
              transactions.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




45. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE
    COMPANY
                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                  2020          2019
                                                                                Note       RMB millions    RMB millions
      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment, net                                                      415,515           406,749
        Construction in progress                                                                 47,319            58,042
        Right-of-use assets                                                                      58,702            60,839
        Goodwill                                                                                 29,877            29,877
        Intangible assets                                                                        16,810            14,882
        Investments in subsidiaries                                              9               16,045            16,044
        Interests in associates                                                                  39,873            38,814
        Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                         865             1,255
        Deferred tax assets                                                                       7,802             7,251
        Other assets                                                                              4,569             3,918
           Total non-current assets                                                             637,377           637,671
      Current assets
        Inventories                                                                               1,431             1,500
        Income tax recoverable                                                                      232             1,534
        Accounts receivable, net                                                                 18,614            19,161
        Contract assets                                                                             443               370
        Prepayments and other current assets                                                     17,546            16,616
        Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash                                              1,617             2,780
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                12,104             6,382
           Total current assets                                                                  51,987            48,343
             Total assets                                                                       689,364           686,014
      LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
      Current liabilities
        Short-term debt                                                                          56,403            63,394
        Current portion of long-term debt                                                         1,126             4,444
        Accounts payable                                                                        102,528           101,280
        Accrued expenses and other payables                                                      36,014            35,060
        Contract liabilities                                                                     57,506            50,119
        Income tax payable                                                                           87                53
        Current portion of lease liabilities                                                     12,896            11,300
        Current portion of deferred revenues                                                        278               358
           Total current liabilities                                                            266,838           266,008
             Net current liabilities                                                           (214,851)         (217,665)
             Total assets less current liabilities                                              422,526           420,006
      Non-current liabilities
        Long-term debt                                                                           24,222            32,051
        Lease liabilities                                                                        27,010            30,137
        Deferred revenues                                                                           861             1,097
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 23,915            18,820
        Other non-current liabilities                                                               700               600
           Total non-current liabilities                                                         76,708            82,705
             Total liabilities                                                                  343,546           348,713



                                                                       China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




45. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE
    COMPANY (continued)

                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                           2020          2019
                                                                                       Note         RMB millions    RMB millions
       Equity
         Share capital                                                                                      80,932               80,932
         Reserves                                                                       27                 264,886              256,369
           Total equity                                                                                    345,818              337,301
             Total liabilities and equity                                                                  689,364              686,014


46. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS PLANS
       As stipulated by the regulations of the PRC, the Group participates in various defined contribution retirement plans organised
       by municipal, autonomous regional and provincial governments for its employees. The Group is required to make contributions
       to the retirement plans at rates ranging from 14% to 20% of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of the employees,
       while the PRC government resolved to waive certain proportion of such contributions during the specific period affected by
       Covid-19 in order to help enterprises withstand the pandemic and stabilise employment. A member of the plan is entitled to a
       pension equal to a fixed proportion of the salary prevailing at the member’s retirement date. Other than the above, the Group
       also participates in supplementary defined contribution retirement plans managed by independent external parties whereby the
       Group is required to make contributions to the retirement plans at fixed rates of the employees’ salaries, bonuses and certain
       allowances. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of pension benefits associated with these plans beyond
       the annual contributions described above. During the reporting period, no forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to
       reduce the existing level of contributions.


       The Group’s contributions for the above plans for the year ended 31 December 2020 were RMB6,599 million (31 December
       2019: RMB8,616 million).


       The amount payable for contributions to the above defined contribution retirement plans as at 31 December 2020 was RMB746
       million (31 December 2019: RMB755 million).


47. SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
       The Group implemented a share appreciation rights plan for members of its management to provide incentives to these
       employees. Under this plan, share appreciation rights are granted in units with each unit representing one H share. No shares
       will be issued under the share appreciation rights plan. Upon exercise of the share appreciation rights, a recipient will receive,
       subject to any applicable withholding tax, a cash payment in RMB, translated from the Hong Kong dollar amount equal to the
       product of the number of share appreciation rights exercised and the difference between the exercise price and market price of
       the Company’s H shares at the date of exercise based on the applicable exchange rate between RMB and Hong Kong dollar at
       the date of the exercise. The Company recognises compensation expense of the share appreciation rights over the applicable
       period.


       In November 2018, the Company approved the granting of 2,394 million share appreciation right units to eligible employees.
       Under the terms of this grant, all share appreciation rights had a contractual life of five years from date of grant and an exercise
       price of HK$3.81 per unit. A recipient of share appreciation rights may exercise the rights in stages commencing November
       2020. As at each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the date of grant, the total number of share appreciation rights
       exercisable may not in aggregate exceed 33.3%, 66.7% and 100.0%, respectively, of the total share appreciation rights granted
       to such person.



China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




47. SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS (continued)
      During the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no share appreciation right units were exercised. For the year ended 31
      December 2020, compensation expense of RMB101 million was reversed by the Group in respect of share appreciation rights.
      For the year ended 31 December 2019, compensation expense of RMB136 million was recognised by the Group in respect of
      share appreciation rights.


      As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the liability arising from share appreciation rights was RMB65 million (2019:
      RMB166 million).


48. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
      The Group’s financial position and results of operations are sensitive to accounting methods, assumptions and estimates
      that underlie the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Management bases the assumptions and estimates on
      historical experience and on other factors that the management believes to be reasonable and which form the basis for making
      judgments about matters that are not readily apparent from other sources. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its
      estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates as facts, circumstances and conditions change.


      The selection of significant accounting policies, the judgments and other uncertainties affecting application of those policies and
      the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions are factors to be considered when reviewing the
      consolidated financial statements. The significant accounting policies are set forth in Note 3. Management believes the following
      significant accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated
      financial statements.


      Provision of ECL for accounts receivable

      The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the accounts receivable. The provision rates are based on customer’s
      past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay by groupings of various debtors that have similar loss
      patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience taking into consideration reasonable and
      supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The historical loss rates are reassessed
      annually, and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, accounts receivable with significant
      balances or credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.


      The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19
      pandemic, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current year as there is higher risk that a prolonged pandemic
      could lead to increased credit default rate. The information about the ECL and the Group’s accounts receivable are disclosed in
      Notes 41 and 16.




                                                                           China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




48. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (continued)
       Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets

       If circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable, the asset may be considered
       “impaired”, and an impairment loss would be recognised in accordance with accounting policy for impairment of long-lived assets
       as described in Note 3(h). The carrying amounts of the Group’s long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment,
       intangible assets with finite useful lives, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and contract costs are reviewed periodically
       to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
       in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For goodwill, the impairment testing
       is performed annually at the end of each reporting period. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the
       greater of its value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. When an asset does not generate cash flows largely independent
       of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
       independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). In determining the value in use, expected future cash flows generated by the
       assets are discounted to their present value. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-
       generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. It is difficult to precisely estimate fair value of the Group’s long-lived
       assets because quoted market prices for such assets may not be readily available. In determining the value in use, expected
       future cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their present value, which requires significant judgment relating to
       level of revenue, amount of operating costs and applicable discount rate. Management uses all readily available information in
       determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount.


       For the year ended 31 December 2020, provision for impairment loss of RMB5,042 million was made against the carrying value
       of property, plant and equipment (Note 4), mainly based on the impairment test on the 3G Assets on the basis of each individual
       asset. For the year ended 31 December 2019, no provision for impairment loss was made against the carrying value of long-
       lived assets.


       In determining the recoverable amount of the assets within the cash-generating unit, significant judgments were required
       in estimating future cash flows, level of revenue, amount of operating costs and applicable discount rate. Changes in these
       estimates could have a significant impact on the carrying value of the assets and could result in additional impairment charge or
       reversal of impairment in future periods. Furthermore, the financial budgets, growth rate and discount rate are subject to greater
       uncertainties in the current year due to uncertainty on how the Covid-19 pandemic may progress and evolve and volatility in
       financial markets.


       Depreciation and amortisation

       Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives are depreciated and amortised on a straight-
       line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, after taking into account their estimated residual value. Management
       reviews the estimated useful lives and residual values of the assets annually in order to determine the amount of depreciation
       and amortisation expense to be recorded during any reporting period. The useful lives and residual values are based on the
       Group’s historical experience with similar assets and take into account anticipated technological changes. The depreciation and
       amortisation expense for future periods is adjusted if there are significant changes from previous estimates.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




49. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO STANDARDS ISSUED
    BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTING PERIOD
    ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020
      Up to the date of issue of the consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued the following new and amendments to
      standards which are not yet effective and not early adopted by the Group for the annual accounting period ended 31 December
      2020:


                                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                                            accounting period
                                                                                                          beginning on or after
      Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
       “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2”                                                                 1 January 2021
      Amendments to IFRS 3, “Reference to the Conceptual Framework”                                               1 January 2022
      Amendments to IAS 16, “Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use”                         1 January 2022
      Amendments to IAS 37, “Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract”                                   1 January 2022
      Amendments to IFRS Standards, “Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020”                             1 January 2022
      IFRS 17, “Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments”                                                   1 January 2023
      Amendments to IAS 1, “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current”                              1 January 2023
      Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2, “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”                      1 January 2023
      Amendments to IAS 8, “Definition of Accounting Estimates”                                                   1 January 2023
      Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28,
       “Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture”                 To be determined


      The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact that will result from adopting the new and amendments
      to standards issued by the IASB which are not yet effective for the accounting period ended on 31 December 2020. So far
      the Group believes that the adoption of these new and amendments to standards is unlikely to have a significant impact on its
      financial position and the results of operations.

50. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (i)     NYSE determination to delist American Depositary Shares of the Company

              The New York Stock Exchange LLC (the “NYSE”) announced on 31 December 2020 (US Eastern standard time)
              that the staff of NYSE Regulation had determined to commence proceedings to delist the securities of three issuers,
              including the American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”) of the Company, on the basis that the Company is no longer
              suitable for listing pursuant to the NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 802.01D in light of the Executive Order
              issued on 12 November 2020 (as amended on 13 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time)) by the then President of
              the United States. On 4 January 2021(US Eastern standard time), NYSE announced that NYSE Regulation no longer
              intended to move forward with the delisting action in relation to the ADSs, and then on 6 January 2021 (US Eastern
              standard time), NYSE announced that NYSE Regulation determined to re-commence delisting proceedings of the ADSs
              (the “Determination”), following which trading of the ADSs was suspended at 4:00 a.m. (US Eastern standard time) on
              11 January 2021. In addition, on 8 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), the US Department of the Treasury’s
              Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) added the Company to the “Issuer Name” column of a list of companies
              identified as a Restricted Company (the “Restricted List”).




                                                                          China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
for the year ended 31 December 2020




50. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
       (i)     NYSE determination to delist American Depositary Shares of the Company
               (continued)

               In order to protect the legitimate interests of the Company and its shareholders, on 20 January 2021 (US Eastern
               standard time), the Company filed with the NYSE a written request for a review of the Determination by a Committee of
               the Board of Directors of the NYSE (the “Committee”) and stay of the trading suspension of the ADSs pending review
               of the Determination. On 27 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), OFAC published General License No. 1A in
               relation to the Executive Order (“GL 1A”), dated 26 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), and guidance relating to
               two related frequently asked questions (respectively, “FAQ 878” and “FAQ 879”). GL 1A and FAQ 879 provide, among
               others, that, pursuant to the Executive Order, the Prohibitions with respect to the Company take effect on the date that
               is 60 days after the Company was added to the Restricted List, or 9 March 2021 (US Eastern standard time) (instead of
               11 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time)).

               The Company will continue to pay close attention to the development of related matters and also seek professional
               advice and reserve all rights to protect the legitimate interests of the Company.

       (ii)    Proposal of share appreciation rights grant for key personnel

               On 9 February 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company has considered and approved the resolution in relation to
               the “2021 Share Appreciation Rights Grant Proposal for Key Personnel of China Telecom Corporation Limited” (now
               renamed as “The Phase II Incentive Scheme for Share Appreciation Rights of China Telecom Corporation Limited” as
               instructed by the SASAC) (the “Proposal”). According to the Proposal, the Company proposed to grant a maximum of
               approximately 2,412 million share appreciation rights to a maximum of approximately 8,300 Key Personnel (excluding
               the Executive Directors, Non-Executive Director, Independent Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
               Company). The Proposal has been approved by SASAC on 3 March 2021.


       (iii)   Proposed A share offering

               On 9 March 2021, the Company announced it plans to apply for the offering and listing of A shares on the Main Board
               of the Shanghai Stock Exchange.


51. PARENT AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
       The parent and ultimate holding company of the Company as at 31 December 2020 is China Telecommunications Corporation,
       a state-owned enterprise established in the PRC.




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(Amounts in millions, except per share data)




                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                    2020            2019         2018         2017         2016
                                                                    RMB             RMB          RMB          RMB          RMB
Results of operation
Operating revenues                                               393,561         375,734      377,124      366,229      352,534
Depreciation and amortisation                                     (90,240)        (88,145)     (75,493)     (74,951)    (67,942)
Network operations and support                                   (119,517)       (109,799)    (116,062)    (103,969)    (94,156)
Selling, general and administrative                               (55,059)        (57,361)     (59,422)     (58,434)    (56,426)
Personnel expenses                                                (65,989)        (63,567)     (59,736)     (56,043)    (54,504)
Other operating expenses                                          (29,074)        (27,792)     (37,697)     (45,612)    (52,286)
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                   (5,042)              –            –            –            –
Operating expenses                                               (364,921)       (346,664)    (348,410)    (339,009)   (325,314)
Operating profit                                                  28,640           29,070      28,714       27,220       27,220
Net finance costs                                                  (3,014)         (3,639)      (2,708)      (3,291)      (3,235)
Investment income                                                     60               30           38         147           40
Income from investments in associates                               1,701           1,573       2,104          877           91
Profit before taxation                                            27,387           27,034      28,148       24,953       24,116
Income tax                                                         (6,307)         (6,322)      (6,810)      (6,192)      (5,993)
Profit for the year                                               21,080           20,712      21,338       18,761       18,123
Other comprehensive income for the year
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
  Change in fair value of investments in equity instruments
                                                                     (385)           604          (324)           –            –
     at fair value through other comprehensive income
  Deferred tax on change in fair value of investments
     in equity instruments at fair value through                      97             (147)          82            –            –
     other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
  Change in fair value of available-for-sale equity securities          –               –            –         (400)       (228)
  Deferred tax on change in fair value of
                                                                        –               –            –         100           57
     available-for-sale equity securities
  Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
                                                                     (312)           102          154          (259)        190
     of subsidiaries outside mainland China
  Share of other comprehensive income of associates                    (4)             (2)          (7)           7            6
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                  (604)           557           (95)        (552)         25
Total comprehensive income for the year                           20,476           21,269      21,243       18,209       18,148
Profit attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                     20,850           20,517      21,210       18,617       18,018
Non-controlling interests                                            230             195          128          144          105
Profit for the year                                               21,080           20,712      21,338       18,761       18,123
Total comprehensive income attributable to
Equity holders of the Company                                     20,244           21,074      21,115       18,065       18,043
Non-controlling interests                                            232             195          128          144          105
Total comprehensive income for the year                           20,476           21,269      21,243       18,209       18,148
Basic earnings per share                                             0.26            0.25         0.26         0.23        0.22




                                                                             China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(Amounts in millions, except per share data)




                                                                       As at 31 December of the year
                                                               2020      2019         2018        2017      2016
                                                               RMB       RMB          RMB         RMB       RMB

Financial condition

Property, plant and equipment, net                           418,605   410,008     407,795      406,257   389,671

Construction in progress                                      48,425    59,206      66,644       73,106    80,386

Other non-current assets                                     164,050   160,735     115,938      110,281   108,367

Cash and bank deposits                                        33,092    24,419      23,480       22,510    27,948

Other current assets                                          50,924    48,763      49,525       49,040    46,186

Total assets                                                 715,096   703,131     663,382      661,194   652,558

Current liabilities                                          271,142   264,661     258,920      275,408   319,133

Non-current liabilities                                       77,779    83,430      60,363       59,089    17,077

Total liabilities                                            348,921   348,091     319,283      334,497   336,210

Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company   363,456   352,510     343,069      325,867   315,377

Non-controlling interests                                      2,719     2,530       1,030         830       971

Total equity                                                 366,175   355,040     344,099      326,697   316,348

Total liabilities and equity                                 715,096   703,131     663,382      661,194   652,558




China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                            SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




SHARE INFORMATION
Share Listing

China Telecom Corporation Limited’s H shares were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 15 November 2002 and
New York Stock Exchange as American Depositary Shares (ADSs) on 14 November 2002. ADSs are issued by The Bank of New York
Mellon. Each ADS traded in the United States represents 100 ordinary H shares.


On 6 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), New York Stock Exchange, following reversal of a similar decision announced on 31
December 2020 (US Eastern standard time), announced that it had determined to commence delisting proceedings of our ADSs to
comply with Executive Order 13959 signed by the President of the United States, and thereafter suspended trading in our ADSs on
11 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time). On 20 January 2021 (US Eastern standard time), we filed a written request with New
York Stock Exchange for a review of its determination. As of the date of this annual report, the review committee of New York Stock
Exchange has not made its decision on whether to reverse the delisting determination.


Stock Code

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited             728
New York Stock Exchange                             CHA


Share Price Performance

2020 Share Price                                    HK$ per H Share                                 US$ per ADS
                                             High            Low            Close           High           Low             Close

                                             3.32            2.01            2.15           41.55          26.66           27.55


Number of issued shares: (as at 31 December 2020)                   80,932,368,321
Market capitalisation: (as at 31 December 2020)                     HK$174.0 billion




                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020         247
      SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




      Share price performance of China Telecom on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited versus Hang Seng Index (HSI) and MSCI
      World Telecom Service Sector Index (MSCI) from IPO on 15 November 2002 to 31 December 2020.

      600


      500


      400


      300                                                                                                                                                                                                 China Telecom (+48%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HSI (+176%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                          MSCI (+118%)
      200


      100


        0


            11/2002   11/2003   11/2004   11/2005   11/2006   11/2007   11/2008   11/2009   11/2010   11/2011   11/2012   11/2013   11/2014   11/2015   11/2016   11/2017   11/2018   11/2019   11/2020




248   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                           SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




Distribution of Shares and Shareholdings

The share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2020 was RMB80,932,368,321, divided into 80,932,368,321 shares of RMB1.00
each. As at 31 December 2020, the share capital of the Company comprised:


                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                                                          the Total Number
                                                                                                                  of Shares
                                                                            Number of Shares                            (%)

Total Number of Domestic Shares:                                                67,054,958,321                         82.85

Domestic shares held by:

China Telecommunications Corporation                                            57,377,053,317                         70.89

Guangdong Rising Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                                        5,614,082,653                          6.94

Zhejiang Provincial Financial Development Co., Ltd.                              2,137,473,626                          2.64

Fujian Investment & Development Group Co., Ltd.                                    969,317,182                          1.20

Jiangsu Guoxin Group Limited                                                       957,031,543                          1.18

Total Number of H Shares (including ADSs):                                      13,877,410,000                         17.15

Total                                                                           80,932,368,321                       100.00


Major Shareholders of H Shares

The following table shows the major shareholders that exercised or controlled the exercise of 5% or above of H shares as at 31
December 2020:


                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                                                          the Total Number
                                                                                                                of H Shares
                                                                                                                    in Issue
Name of Shareholder                                                         Number of Shares                             (%)

GIC Private Limited                                                              1,394,433,475                         10.05

BlackRock, Inc.                                                                    976,141,887                          7.03

The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation                                            955,258,598                          6.88




                                                                      China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020       249
      SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




      Dividend History

                                                                             Shareholder                                                  Dividend
      Financial Year                       Ex-Dividend Date                 Approval Date                Payment Date               per Share (HK$)

      2002 Final                                  16 May 2003                 20 June 2003                  10 July 2003                      0.00837*

      2003 Final                                   1 April 2004                 3 May 2004                  20 May 2004                          0.065

      2004 Final                                 21 April 2005                 25 May 2005                 23 June 2005                          0.065

      2005 Final                                 20 April 2006                 23 May 2006                 15 June 2006                          0.075

      2006 Final                                  26 April 2007                29 May 2007                 15 June 2007                          0.085

      2007 Final                                  28 April 2008                30 May 2008                 16 June 2008                          0.085

      2008 Final                                  23 April 2009                26 May 2009                 30 June 2009                          0.085

      2009 Final                                  22 April 2010                25 May 2010                 30 June 2010                          0.085

      2010 Final                                  18 April 2011                20 May 2011                 30 June 2011                          0.085

      2011 Final                                  5 June 2012                  30 May 2012                  20 July 2012                         0.085

      2012 Final                                  4 June 2013                  29 May 2013                  19 July 2013                         0.085

      2013 Final                                  4 June 2014                  29 May 2014                  18 July 2014                         0.095

      2014 Final                                  1 June 2015                  27 May 2015                  17 July 2015                         0.095

      2015 Final                                  30 May 2016                  25 May 2016                  15 July 2016                         0.095

      2016 Final                                  26 May 2017                  23 May 2017                  21 July 2017                         0.105

      2017 Final                                  31 May 2018                  28 May 2018                  27 July 2018                         0.115

      2018 Final                                  3 June 2019                  29 May 2019                  26 July 2019                         0.125

      2019 Final                                  1 June 2020                  26 May 2020                  31 July 2020                         0.125

      2020 Final                                  11 May 2021                   7 May 2021                  1 June 2021                          0.125**


      *      On the basis of HK$0.065 per share, pro-rated based on the number of days the Company’s shares have been listed during the year of 2002.
      **     The dividend proposal is subject to shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 7 May 2021.


      ANNUAL REPORTS
      Our annual reports in both English and Chinese are now available through the Internet at https://www.chinatelecom-h.com.




250   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




2020 Annual Report Survey

Annual Report is a key communication channel between shareholders and the Company. Last year, we received around 100
questionnaires of “Your Views on Annual Report 2019”. Each of these responses benefited us in enhancing and further improving our
annual reports. We are deeply indebted to the respondents for their constructive responses. In accordance with our commitment,
we have to contribute HK$50 to a charitable organisation for each questionnaire received. In this regard, we have given a sum of
HK$10,000 to the charitable organisation, WWF, in 2020. In addition, we have already implemented the suggestion of allowing
shareholders to choose means of receipt and language of corporate communication to enhance environmental protection and cost
savings.


We value and are eager to keep hearing your comments on our annual report for our further improvement in the future. It is highly
appreciated if you could spare your precious time to complete the questionnaire of “Your Views on Annual Report 2020”, as attached
in this annual report, and return it by post or fax to us at +852 2877 0988. You can also fill in the electronic form at our website,
www.chinatelecom-h.com.


Annual General Meeting

To be held at 11:00 a.m. on 7 May 2021 in Grand Hyatt Hong Kong.


Registered office


Address:                31 Jinrong Street
                        Xicheng District
                        Beijing
                        PRC 100033
Tel:                    86 10 5850 1800
Fax:                    86 10 6601 0728


Any enquiries relating to the strategic development or operations of China Telecom Corporation Limited, please contact the Investor
Relations Department:


Investor Relations Department


Tel:                    852 2877 9777
IR Enquiry:             852 2582 0388
Fax:                    852 2877 0988
Email:                  ir@chinatelecom-h.com




                                                                         China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020           251
      SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




      Any enquiries relating to your shareholding, for example transfers of shares, change of name or address, loss of share certificates,
      please contact the H share registrar:


      H share registrar


      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited


      Address:                Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                              Hopewell Centre
                              183 Queen’s Road East
                              Wanchai
                              Hong Kong
      Tel:                    852 2862 8555
      Fax:                    852 2865 0990
      Website:                www.computershare.com/hk/contact


      Any enquiries relating to ADSs, please contact the depositary:


      ADS depositary


      The Bank of New York Mellon


      Address:                BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
                              P.O. Box 505000
                              Louisville
                              KY 40233-5000
      Tel:                    1-866-240-8333 (toll free in USA)
                              1-201-680-6825 (international)
      Email:                  shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com




252   China Telecom Corporation Limited Annual Report 2020
  CORPORATE CULTURE


                  Corporate Mission
      Let the customers fully enjoy a new information life



                     Strategic Goal
Be a leading integrated intelligent information services operator



                        Core Value
 Comprehensive innovation, pursuing truth and pragmatism,
    respecting people and creating value all together



               Operation Philosophy
Pursue mutual growth of corporate value and customer value



                 Service Philosophy
               Customer First Service Foremost



           Code of Corporate Practice
  Keep promise and provide excellent service for customers
Cooperate honestly and seek win-win result in joint innovation
Operate prudently and enhance corporate value continuously
    Manage precisely and allocate resources scientifically
        Care the staff and tap their potential to the full
  Reward the society and be a responsible corporate citizen



                  Corporate Slogan
                     Connecting the World
                         China Telecom Corporation Limited
            31 Jinrong Street, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC, 100033


                             www.chinatelecom-h.com




Concept, design and printing: iOne Financial Press Limited.   Website: www.ione.com.hk
