CONTENTS                                                                                                                                                                                          1




                                                                                                                                                                                           PAGE

Highlights  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .      2

Chairman’s Report .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                  3

Recent Business Developments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                      10

Management Discussion and Analysis  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                               47

Interim Results
  – Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                                        61
  – Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                            62
  – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                             64
  – Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                     65
  – Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                               66

Other Information  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                76
2   HIGHLIGHTS




    Results for the first half of 2025
                                               For the six months
                                                 ended 30 June
                                                  2025             2024
    Income statement highlights             (unaudited)      (unaudited)           % Change
                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

    Revenue                                   8,506,642            7,926,183            7.3%

    Service revenue                           8,248,232            7,647,920            7.8%

    Profit before taxation                      348,946             295,834            18.0%

    Profit for the period                       315,031             285,353            10.4%

    Profit attributable to Owners
      of the Company                            315,563             285,720            10.4%

    Basic EPS (RMB cents)                          12.64              10.93            15.6%

    •     The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months
          ended 30 June 2025.

    •     No closure for the Register of Members of the Company.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                   3



Dear Investors,

AI technology is driving industrial paradigm innovation at an unprecedented pace. In this
transformation, we firmly believe that only by mastering “root technologies” can we solve “root
problems” and thus create lasting value. As the process of domestic substitution accelerates
comprehensively, the full-stack restructuring of the industrial chain from chips to applications
has brought us unprecedented opportunities for reshaping. The battlefield of software services
has expanded from the “last mile” of traditional IT delivery to the “last 100 miles” of AI-native
co-creation, opening up a vast incremental space.

I.      STRATEGIC LAYOUT
        We are unswervingly advancing the full-scenario AI strategy, focusing on the “1+3” core
        tracks: cloud intelligence foundation, intelligent agent and model workshop services, ERP
        consulting implementation and digital transformation services, and HarmonyOS AIoT and
        digital twins. So far, the company has invested over RMB2.5 billion in the above fields,
        including RMB1.5 billion in business investment and RMB1 billion in financial investment,
        basically completing the strategic layout and establishing a significant first-mover
        advantage. We continue to deepen our presence in key basic industries such as power
        energy, finance, and transportation, orienting ourselves to the real needs of “strategic
        core excellence” customers, increasing the density of talent and capital investment, and
        building a full-scenario, full-stack AI product, solution, and service system.

        On this basis, we are actively exploring new paradigms under the AI-native architecture.
        For example, we abstract the Ontology layer, connect to the super object model of IoT
        sensors in the field of production and operation, and connect to ERP systems in the field
        of operation and management to obtain high-quality and credible business data, laying
        a data foundation for large models to understand business. On this basis, we complete
        semantic governance and knowledge weaving, reconstruct intelligent SOP, express
        “dynamic” management through the “dynamic” system of AI-native applications, and
        continuously create enterprise-level value.

II.     STRATEGIC COOPERATION MILESTONES
        This year marks the 8th anniversary of our “marching together in the same boat” strategic
        cooperation with Huawei Cloud. Over the past eight years, we have always aligned with
        Huawei’s strategy, and the scale of cooperation has achieved a 100-fold growth. As
        Huawei’s leading capability-based partner, our cooperation has covered all fields such
        as cloud, HarmonyOS, Ascend, enterprise core business systems, Gauss, and Euler,
        establishing organizational-level strategic synergy and in-depth mutual trust. Huawei
        Cloud will continue to provide us with strong support in strategic resource matching,
        technical capability development, and market collaborative expansion, to jointly achieve
        balanced development of scale growth and healthy profitability.
4   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




    III.   PROGRESS IN CORE BUSINESSES
           During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of RMB8.507 billion,
           with full-scenario AI revenue reaching RMB0.656 billion and net profit of RMB0.315
           billion. Our cornerstone businesses have stabilized and rebounded, full-scenario AI has
           developed vigorously, and transformation and upgrading have advanced steadily.

           1.     CLOUD INTELLIGENCE FOUNDATION: BUILDING AN
                  AI-NATIVE DIGITAL INTELLIGENCE BASE
                  The in-depth application and services of AI have increasingly become the main
                  driver of cloud resource utilization. To this end, the company has integrated cloud
                  and computing power into a coordinated development plan. During the reporting
                  period, we maintained our leading position in the Huawei Cloud ecosystem, with
                  cloud sales performance and ecosystem share remaining first. The Company has
                  fully built a service system and capabilities covering “cloud sales, cloud services,
                  and AI enablement,” becoming the partner with the most certifications for Huawei
                  Cloud’s CTSP (Cloud Transformation Service Provider) capability labels. Our
                  one-stop cloud migration solutions cover multi-cloud environments to ensure
                  smooth business transitions, and the Company has achieved efficient full-cycle
                  management of software development through CodeArts platform toolchain
                  services. The Company has deepened engagement with large enterprise (NA)
                  customers, built a system for continuous operation of cloud services, and deeply
                  participated in end-to-end digital transformation and full-scenario AI applications
                  for clients, achieving incremental sales. Leveraging infrastructure upgrades such
                  as Huawei Cloud’s CloudMatrix384 super nodes, the Company has actively
                  participated in the construction of computing power centers, demonstrating
                  the unique advantages of Ascend through underlying engineering services.
                  Through in-depth cooperation with SiliconFlow, the Company has enhanced
                  the adaptability of the Ascend chip base by integrating computing power
                  acceleration with full-stack AI services. The Company has also built our own
                  technology innovation center and computing power center (AILab), creating a
                  full-stack AI-POC environment that provides low-threshold model training, rapid
                  deployment of intelligent agents, and full-lifecycle services.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                             5




    2.   INTELLIGENT AGENTS AND MODEL WORKSHOP:
         BREAKTHROUGHS IN AI-R1 SERIES PRODUCTS
         The company proudly launched the AI-R1 end-to-end full-stack product series,
         serving AI Native innovations such as edge intelligence, high-quality datasets,
         intelligent agent application development, and empowerment of digital intelligence
         transformation. These products provide enterprises with comprehensive intelligent
         solutions covering everything from perception to decision-making. The Company
         continue to enrich and accumulate full-scenario Agents in key industries. Through
         atomic-level tasks and molecular-level intelligent agents, the Company conducts
         developed industry-specific applications under the R1 product series, which are
         further integrated into industry intelligent solutions. Over 300 AI projects have
         been implemented in manufacturing, healthcare, finance, energy, transportation,
         and government scenarios. With intelligent software factories and model
         workshops as the main service carriers, and based on platforms such as industry
         technology innovation centers and joint laboratories, the Company conducts
         technological pre-research and scenario-based pilots, build key advanced
         capabilities such as data semantic governance, and break through critical links
         such as semanticization of multi-modal heterogeneous data. By connecting
         the semantic layer, operation layer, kinetic layer, and decision-making layer, the
         Company helps clients build collaborative Agent or Agent clusters to achieve
         iterative enhancement of models. The Company has also actively collaborated
         with Huawei to build product capabilities, becoming the first to win the bid for
         Huawei Cloud’s AI Native Application Engine project, with multiple self-developed
         Seek Series products listed on the Huawei Cloud Marketplace.
6   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




        3.   HARMONYOS AIOT AND DIGITAL TWINS:
             RESTRUCTURING THE IOT ECOSYSTEM
             Based on the KaihongOS Meta platform, the company has built an intelligent
             interconnection of everything OS with human-machine interaction and an
             innovative core, unifying the object model of intelligent terminals and transforming
             sensor clusters into a super object model. On this basis, the Company has
             developed a solution matrix for “national key infrastructure and urban emerging
             applications.” In the field of national key infrastructure, we have participated in
             the formulation of standards such as Zhanhong (smart warfare) and Dianhong
             (smart electricity); in the field of urban emerging applications, the Company has
             actively engaged in the construction of “HarmonyOS Cities” in Xi’an, Jinhua,
             Shenzhen, etc., with breakthroughs achieved in Luhong (smart transportation),
             Xiaofanghong (smart fire protection), and Jianhong (smart construction). As an
             urban partner in Xi’an, the company has established the first HarmonyOS Nearlink
             technology adaptation and product development center in the city, leading the
             construction of Xi’an’s “HarmonyOS City” and implementing the Luhong smart
             transportation solution to comprehensively enhance the intelligence level of
             urban governance. The country’s first open-source HarmonyOS robot operating
             system, M-Robots OS, jointly developed by our company and Shenkaihong,
             has been officially open-sourced. It is gradually releasing key capabilities to
             promote the integration of the robotics ecosystem. In addition, the company is
             accelerating the development and migration of HarmonyOS single-framework
             native applications, deeply participating in Huawei’s battle to achieve the goal
             of 100,000 applications in the HarmonyOS ecosystem, and injecting new vitality
             into it. Together with Shenkaihong, the company has contributed over 5.6 million
             lines of code to the main repository of the OpenHarmony community, maintaining
             its position as the top ecological vendor outside Huawei.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                            7




    4.   ERP CONSULTING AND IMPLEMENTATION:
         INNOVATION IN AI-NATIVE PARADIGMS
         Based on standard products for enterprise core business systems, the company
         has developed the “Yangfan R/7 Enterprise Core Management System – Energy
         and Power Industry Distribution Solution” for the energy and power sector,
         which has been successfully listed on the Huawei Cloud Marketplace. As the
         first service provider (other than Huawei) to offer consulting and implementation
         services for enterprise core business systems to clients, the Company has
         accumulated consulting experts from top 6 firms, industry specialists, and ERP
         product architects in the field of enterprise digital transformation. Focusing on
         the energy and power industry, with pilot projects as the driver, the Company
         has expanding services such as pre-research on ERP domestic substitution
         and prototype verification. Aligning with Huawei, the Company has established
         five capability centers to conduct technical research for frontline operations
         and achieve end-to-end capability integration. For large-scale project delivery,
         combined with MetaERP development replacement and SaaS practices, the
         Company has formed a customer-oriented, unified R/7 capability framework
         and operation map, and accumulated the “CDM for Meta” methodology system.
         Based on the 4A architecture AI-native R1-EIMOS digital transformation support
         platform, through model and process orchestration, it supports outside expansion
         and peripheral system development. The product integration verification includes
         self-developed switching, integration, and migration toolchains. The Company
         has jointly built an enterprise core business system laboratory with Huawei to
         create an innovation testbed.
8   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




        5.   OVERSEAS LAYOUT: ECOSYSTEM CO-CONSTRUCTION
             The company focuses on countries along the “Belt and Road Initiative,” seizing
             opportunities to build a second-tier Eastern ecosystem amid geopolitical
             dynamics. With Hong Kong as a hub, the Company adopts dual-drive model
             of “technology going global + ecosystem localization” to build a global service
             system covering the Asia-Pacific and Middle East regions. The Company
             continues to serve clients in key global regions with capabilities in data platforms,
             cloud native, and AIGC, accelerating the overseas expansion of finance, power,
             government cloud, and HarmonyOS businesses. The smart venue integrated
             solution for Hong Kong Kai Tak Sports Park was unveiled alongside the park’s
             opening and designated as a global demonstration center. The CDIP project for
             the Hong Kong Police Force has set a benchmark for government-controlled IT
             systems, and efforts are underway to promote its replication following the release
             of Hong Kong’s critical infrastructure regulations. We completed the development
             of the LCSD e-tree management system for the Leisure and Cultural Services
             Department of Hong Kong. The company has refined the Hong Kong Electric
             distribution zone pilot project into an IDC power distribution network solution
             for overseas expansion. In Southeast Asia, we assisted Indonesia’s Telkom
             in upgrading its cloud native architecture. In the Middle East, Joint Advanced
             Technologies continues to serve the digital infrastructure of NEOM, Saudi
             Arabia’s new future city. The Company signed a memorandum with Huawei to
             deepen cooperation in the Middle East and Central Asia, joining the “China-ASEAN
             Alliance for the Middle East and Central Asia” and the “Digital-Intelligent
             Integration Ecosystem Alliance.”

        6.   CORNERSTONE BUSINESSES: STRUCTURAL
             OPTIMIZATION FOR QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY
             The company continues to optimize its customer structure, focusing on
             developing new clients among central state-owned enterprises, pan-terminal
             enterprises, and leading players in key industries. The Company is also refining
             our talent structure to meet emerging AI job demands: the Company deepens
             analysis of roles such as AI data engineers, AI technical engineers, AI algorithm
             engineers, and AI solution experts; refine job dictionaries; add skill tags to
             positions; improve the talent ranking system; dynamically monitor and evaluate
             the alignment of existing human resources with industrial transformation; and
             establish mechanisms for AI talent recruitment and internal talent cultivation.
             Through training programs and talent circulation policies, the Company promotes
             talent transformation and structural optimization to expand a talent pool adapted
             to new needs. The Company has developed and continuously upgraded AI
             interview robots and training robots, built an AI interviewer talent pool, expanded
             recruitment channels, and steadily enhanced our ability to attract high-end talent.
             By empowering our digital intelligence team with AI tools and methodologies, the
             Company is establishing core competitiveness for future delivery paradigms.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                 9




IV.   LOOKING AHEAD
      Over eight years of marching together, the Company and our partners have created
      miracles in the cloud. On this new journey, the Company will continue to drive value
      creation through technological innovation. In the new era where AI reshapes industries,
      Chinasoft is ready: guided by the full-scenario AI strategy, the Company will join hands
      with all partners to usher in a new era of digital intelligence. Today marks a new start.
      Chinasoft sets sail again, embarking on another great rebirth!

                                                       Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                Chen Yuhong
                                                                 August 2025
10   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




     I.   Full-Scenario AI Products and Services
          In 2024, the company officially launched full-stack AI products and services. During
          the reporting period, the company has continuously enriched AI edge products, AI
          basic platforms, and AI enabling products, and continued to leverage its accumulated
          AI capabilities and advantages in various industries. This has further deepened
          the integration of AI technology with industry application scenarios, achieving a
          comprehensive upgrade to full-scenario AI products and services. These cover
          full-scenario platforms, tools, products, solutions, and services from edge-cloud to AI
          industry applications, forming an organic ecological closed loop.

          In the field of AI edge products, the company has built a leading intelligent IoT digital
          base by leveraging KaihongOS + KaihongOS Meta, forming a full-scenario AI physical
          perception platform. Through super object models and Agent-based applications, it
          decouples hardware and software platforms, creating a new application paradigm. It has
          developed brand-new AI + HarmonyOS solutions in fields such as urban transportation,
          water conservancy and water supply, emergency fire protection, electric power energy,
          and expressways.

          In the field of AI basic platforms, the company provides a digital intelligence base for
          AI implementation by leveraging cloud + computing power. Having collaborated with
          Huawei Cloud in a mutually beneficial partnership for eight years, the company’s cloud
          intelligent business scale has continued to lead the Huawei Cloud ecosystem. As a cloud
          transformation service provider (CTSP), it has achieved the first market share in Huawei
          Cloud, and its HarmonyOS and Ascend adaptation model services are also in leading
          positions. During the reporting period, the company joined forces with SiliconFlow to
          launch a heavyweight enterprise-level solution covering the entire life cycle of AI.

          In the field of AI-enabled products, the company has launched the R1-AgentDIM
          Platform, an intelligent agent construction, integration and operation platform, and the
          R1-EIMOS, a supporting platform for enterprises’ digital and intelligent transformation.
          Through the collaboration of technology, ecology, and services, it has improved the AI
          large model reasoning efficiency and scenario implementation for industry customers,
          and continuously promoted the intelligent transformation of industries such as energy,
          automobile, and medical care.

          In the field of AI industry applications, the company has focused on industries such
          as electric power energy, finance, government affairs, and manufacturing to create a
          variety of industry intelligent agent solutions. It has deeply integrated AI capabilities
          with the actual business scenarios of enterprises, achieving full-scenario coverage of AI
          applications.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                        11



    In the field of AI-native ERP, the company launched the Yangfan R/7 ERP enterprise core
    operation management system distribution version for the energy and power industry,
    which has been listed on the Huawei Cloud Store. It has also further promoted strategic
    cooperation with central and state-owned enterprise digital technology companies,
    gaining a leading advantage in the nuclear power field.

    During the reporting period, the company’s full-scenario AI strategic transformation has
    achieved remarkable results. The revenue from full-scenario AI products and services has
    increased by 130% year-on-year, becoming a new engine driving the company’s business
    growth.

    1.      HarmonyOS AIoT
            During the reporting period, the company continued to deepen its “(1+1)xN”
            strategy, building the Kaihong secure digital base around KaihongOS and the
            super device management platform KaihongOS Meta. Through the decoupling
            of software and hardware, it comprehensively consolidated the independent and
            controllable capabilities of end-edge-cloud-network-application integration (both
            software and hardware), and accelerated the creation of a new paradigm for AI +
            HarmonyOS solutions. The company further promoted the implementation of the
            “national key infrastructure and urban emerging applications “solutions, and with
            the new model of “Urban Partner”, assisted local municipal/district governments
            in building smart cities, resilient cities, and HarmonyOS cities. It also supported
            the HarmonyOS-based and intelligent upgrading of core scenarios in urban
            transportation, water conservancy and water supply, emergency fire protection,
            building parks, and other key fields.

            1.1     HarmonyOS AI Native Operating System
                    As a leading distribution product based on OpenHarmony – the
                    first full-scenario open-source operating system – KaihongOS is
                    specifically designed for the era of the intelligent interconnection of
                    everything. It adopts distributed soft bus technology to enable intelligent
                    transformation and interconnection of devices. Its single-chip multi-core
                    hybrid deployment technology ensures that both interrupt response and
                    task switching delays are ≤1 microsecond, meeting microsecond-level
                    hard real-time requirements in human-machine interaction, industrial
                    control, aerospace, emergency response, and other fields. It is the
                    first operating system in the OpenHarmony ecosystem to achieve
                    hard real-time capabilities. During the reporting period, KaihongOS
                    passed the hard real-time operating system test certification by China
                    Telecommunication Technology Labs (CTTL) and China Academy of
                    Information and Communications Technology (CAICT). It obtained the
                    Level 4 certification in security testing by the Ministry of Public Security,
                    and its LiteOS-M kernel achieved the nation’s first CCRC EAL5+ security
                    certification, thus establishing an industry-leading position in terms of
                    security, stability, and real-time performance.
12   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



                 During the reporting period, Shenkaihong released M-Robots OS, the
                 world’s first distributed heterogeneous multi-machine collaborative robot
                 operating system based on OpenHarmony. With a unified distributed
                 architecture, it enables collaboration among multi-form robots,
                 addresses the issue of fragmented industrial ecology, and facilitates the
                 popularization of robots. The project “Software and Hardware System
                 for Natural Human-Machine Interaction Oriented to Hybrid Intelligence”
                 participated in by Shenkaihong was approved by the Ministry of Industry
                 and Information Technology as a national key research and development
                 program. It has made breakthroughs in interactive interface, perception
                 computing management, and hybrid intelligent computing platform
                 technologies, providing software and hardware support for the intelligent
                 terminal industry. The “Guangdong OpenHarmony Intelligent Internet of
                 Things Innovation Center” jointly built by the Company and Shenkaihong
                 was selected into the preparation list of provincial-level manufacturing
                 innovation centers. With KaihongOS as the core, it researches and
                 develops common technologies and standardized solutions to lead the
                 intelligent transformation of the manufacturing industry.

                 In terms of talent cultivation and community contributions, the Company
                 and Shenkaihong have built Kaihong Intelligent Learning Classrooms
                 through “KaihongOS + AI”, realizing personalized teaching and refined
                 management by combining AI large models. During the reporting
                 period, the first batch of 38 “OpenHarmony Engineers” obtained the
                 “KCA – Application Development Engineer” certification, marking a
                 breakthrough in the school-enterprise cooperation education model.
                 The Kaihong talent certification system covers application, driver, and
                 system development directions, providing talents for the industry. In the
                 OpenHarmony community, Chinasoft and Shenkaihong have contributed
                 over 5.6 million lines of code to the main repository, ranking first in
                 contribution rate among non-Huawei entities. They have been awarded
                 the titles of Platinum Donor of the OpenAtom Foundation, Class A Donor
                 of the OpenHarmony Project Group, and 100-Person Code Contribution
                 Unit.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                              13



        1.2   KaihongOS Meta Super Device Management Platform
              The KaihongOS Meta Super Device Management Platform is an
              important component for OpenHarmony to exert its effectiveness.
              Combining the characteristics of flexible deployment and rapid access
              of KaihongOS, through KaihongOS device self-registration and super
              device dynamic networking, it realizes the dynamic deployment of IoT
              device protocol plug-ins and supports the rapid access of third-party and
              existing devices. KaihongOS + super thing model unifies data standards;
              the super thing model integrates software and hardware capability pools
              to unify capability calls; Meta edge-cloud unified super thing model
              API calls realize software and hardware decoupling and cross-project
              reuse of applications; the super rule engine enables one-time service
              orchestration and multi-end hierarchical deployment; and the access
              of large model + Agent services releases the innovative potential of
              intelligent applications.
14   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             1.3   HarmonyOS Southbound Ecosystem and Software-Hardware
                   Integrated Products
                   During the reporting period, the Company actively built a strategic
                   cooperation and collaborative alliance for in-depth integration between
                   domestic operating systems and domestic chips, focusing on the two
                   core chip architectures of RISC-V and ARM. It focused on adapting
                   control, computing, connection, and perception chip products, and has
                   completed in-depth cooperation with major domestic chip manufacturers
                   such as HiSilicon, Rockchip, Phytium, Unisoc, Espressif Systems,
                   and Bestechnic, achieving in-depth adaptation of the underlying
                   architecture. In terms of cooperation with RISC-V manufacturers, the
                   focus is on the in-depth integration of OpenHarmony and RISC-V
                   technologies, building a collaborative ecosystem of domestic operating
                   systems and domestic intelligent computing chips, and constructing
                   an integrated AI intelligent terminal comprehensive solution covering
                   end-edge-cloud-application. Centering on edge computing scenarios,
                   it has comprehensively upgraded the general computing and intelligent
                   computing capabilities of released products, expanding the application
                   boundaries of AI computing power in multiple scenarios. It has also
                   jointly designed and launched educational large-screen intelligent
                   terminal products with leading educational equipment manufacturers,
                   connecting the key links of software-hardware integration in teaching
                   auxiliary scenarios, and further improving the intelligence and interactive
                   experience of products in the education industry. In terms of cooperation
                   with ARM manufacturers, Shenkaihong and Arm have jointly established
                   the OpenHarmony Arm SIG Group, which has passed the review of the
                   Project Management Committee (PMC) and become a co-leader. The aim
                   is to conduct in-depth cooperation with chip companies based on the
                   ARM architecture, achieving in-depth optimization from the kernel layer,
                   system service layer to the framework layer, and improving performance
                   and user experience. Currently, 6 chip and board companies have joined
                   the Arm SIG Group.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                            15



            During the reporting period, the Company, together with Shenkaihong,
            launched the Kaihong Bot series. This series of products realizes
            “out-of-the-box use and zero-threshold start”. With a built-in real
            OpenHarmony operating environment, it supports developers to
            directly preview and run results locally on the device, achieving a
            what-you-see-is-what-you-get development experience. The Kaihong
            Bot series integrates the self-developed ArkTS Project Manager plug-in,
            providing a full-stack tool for OpenHarmony application development
            to achieve seamless connection in the development experience. Based
            on KaihongBUS technology, it supports one-click deployment of
            applications across multiple devices, significantly improving development
            efficiency. It integrates a complete southbound device development
            and compilation toolchain, supporting the development of systems,
            hardware drivers, and system services, and is compatible with local and
            cross-device burning. It also provides KaihongOS desktop version image
            packages and secondary development packages, supporting repeated
            loading, unloading, and in-depth personalized system development. The
            above products have all passed the community compatibility evaluation
            of the OpenAtom Open Source Foundation, ensuring high adaptability
            of the products in the OpenHarmony ecosystem. By deeply integrating
            high-computing-power chips and industry AI algorithms, the Kaihong Bot
            series and related intelligent terminal products have achieved innovative
            breakthroughs in fields such as education and development tools.
            Currently, they have been applied in multiple regions across the country,
            providing strong support for the promotion and popularization of the
            OpenHarmony ecosystem.
16   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             1.4   HarmonyOS Northbound Ecosystem Market Development
                   The Company continues to promote the large-scale implementation of
                   HarmonyOS native applications and meta-services, having supported
                   the migration of over 800 applications to HarmonyOS and launched
                   more than 7,500 meta-services, further enhancing the coverage
                   depth and service capabilities of full-scenario intelligent experiences.
                   During the reporting period, the “HarmonyOS Software Factory” was
                   officially launched. Relying on a standardized development platform,
                   large-scale delivery capabilities, and integrating AI large-model-assisted
                   programming capabilities, it has built an integrated “AI + HarmonyOS”
                   R&D system, significantly improving delivery efficiency and quality.
                   In the field of cultural and tourism meta-services, it has covered 3
                   provincial cultural and tourism bureaus, over 400 scenic spots, and
                   multiple hotels, jointly creating 6 industry-leading meta-services.
                   Among them, projects such as “Happy Tour Weihai”, “Tour Zhejiang”,
                   and “Jinggangshan” have integrated HarmonyOS capabilities with AI
                   technologies to achieve an intelligent full-domain tourism experience of
                   “services finding people”. These projects were showcased at the 2025
                   HDC and awarded the “2025 HDC Outstanding HarmonyOS Ecosystem
                   Solution Award”, further consolidating the Company’s leading position
                   in the HarmonyOS-based intelligent transformation of the cultural and
                   tourism industry. On the HarmonyOS PC ecosystem front, addressing
                   the challenges of application adaptation for the HarmonyOS computer
                   ecosystem, the Company independently developed the “Hongyun Virtual
                   Machine” solution, achieving compatibility with the Windows ecosystem
                   and verification in 12 types of development scenarios. It was invited to
                   participate in the “HarmonyOS Commercial Solutions Sub-forum” at the
                   2025 HDC and was honored as one of the “Top 10 Partners”, helping
                   domestic operating systems move from pilot projects to large-scale
                   applications.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                              17



        1.5   Urban HarmonyOS-Oriented Transformation Helps Build Resilient
              Cities and HarmonyOS Cities
              1.5.1   Creating a New Paradigm for HarmonyOS Smart City
                      Construction
                      During the reporting period, the Company participated in
                      urban HarmonyOS-oriented transformation, resilient city and
                      smart city construction in multiple cities and districts. Through
                      KaihongOS and KaihongOS Meta architecture, a brand-new
                      urban IoT perception network has been built, which features full
                      localization, high security and strong resilience. By decoupling
                      software and hardware, it has significantly reduced the operating
                      costs of urban IoT. Through super thing models and AI Agents,
                      it simplifies the construction of urban application systems,
                      optimizes the construction of urban industry subnets, and
                      breaks down the barriers of industry subnets. It provides a
                      new paradigm for urban intelligent transportation, emergency
                      command and urban gover nance. At the same time, the
                      Company actively participates in the formulation of urban
                      HarmonyOS-oriented standards and the adaptation of terminal
                      products to HarmonyOS. Through the adaptation of industry
                      intelligent terminal products to HarmonyOS, it promotes the
                      industrialization of HarmonyOS and the HarmonyOS-oriented
                      development of industries, and continuously enriches the
                      HarmonyOS ecosystem.
18   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



                 1.5.2   Urban Transportation
                         The Company focuses on moder nizing urban road traffic
                         dispatching and command, and has developed a complete
                         set of road traffic management and control equipment based
                         on OpenHarmony, which integrates the entire process of
                         “data collection, processing and distribution”, including data
                         acquisition and detection, information analysis and processing,
                         as well as traffic control and guidance. During the reporting
                         p e r i o d , i t l a u n c h e d H a r m o n y O S r a d a r- v i s i o n m i c ro w a v e
                         detector equipment, HarmonyOS intersection edge smart
                         station computing equipment, and HarmonyOS Road traffic
                         controller equipment, creating a NearLink interconnected signal
                         control intersection model. It shares screens with HarmonyOS
                         mobile phones, tablets and other mobile devices, enabling
                         zero-configuration for devices in the same local area network,
                         cross-device data intercommunication and visual interface
                         interaction to achieve rapid interconnection. The Company has
                         developed the HarmonyOS traffic integration and optimization
                         system software platform. Through the distributed perception
                         network with a unified software bus architecture, it connects
                         devices such as signal machines, radar-vision integrated
                         machines, edge computing units, and police checkpoint systems
                         at urban road intersections, realizing unified operating system
                         and cross-device data intercommunication and calling. This
                         supports the business closed-loop of “perception-prediction-
                         decision-service”, thereby enhancing four core capabilities of
                         urban traffic management: the ability to grasp travel fundamentals
                         (such as the number of vehicles in transit, daily traveling vehicles,
                         etc.); the ability to conduct integrated analysis of traffic situation
                         (traffic flow, queue length, traffic status, emergencies, etc.);
                         the ability for short-term traffic demand forecasting and digital
                         twin simulation (dynamic deduction of traffic flow changes); and
                         the ability for adaptive signal control (dynamically generating
                         optimal timing schemes and issuing them to signal machines
                         with one click). These provide an efficient, economical and
                         intelligent solution for urban traffic congestion management. For
                         application scenarios of vehicle-road-cloud collaboration, the
                         Company researches hierarchical and layered intelligent road
                         network situation perception and command dispatch application
                         technologies, providing a basis for two-way collaborative
                         decision-making for intelligent connected vehicles and traffic
                         control. This lays the foundation for real-time traffic accident
                         early warning, individual intelligent object decision-making
                         and macro operation control, and also provides an auxiliary
                         decision-making test environment for intelligent vehicle testing.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                             19



            1.5.3   Water Conservancy and Water Utilities
                    During the reporting period, the Company continued to
                    advance the AI + KaihongOS innovative solutions for water
                    conservancy and water utilities. It collaborated with Huawei to
                    develop a large-model solution for smart water conservancy,
                    which effectively improved the accuracy of flood forecasting
                    and enhanced data utilization. By integrating a large amount of
                    water conservancy data with NLP large models, it launched AI
                    applications such as water conservancy knowledge query and
                    intelligent Q&A. The Company provided solutions for sensing,
                    intelligent control, and gate station management oriented to
                    water conservancy scenarios such as farmland irrigation, water
                    resource scheduling, flood prevention and control, and water
                    ecology to units including the Operation and Management
                    Center of Leshan Irrigation District of Qingyi River in Sichuan
                    Province and the Management Bureau of Pishihang Irrigation
                    District in Anhui Province. With KaihongOS, a fully domestic
                    and independently credible, safe and reliable operating system,
                    as the core technology, this solution combines edge-side AI
                    technology to build an integrated “measurement, control,
                    calculation and scheduling” automatic control system based on
                    the HarmonyOS system.

            1.5.4   Emergency Response and Firefighting
                    During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen
                    AI + HarmonyOS industry applications in emergency response,
                    firefighting and other fields. Relying on the technical advantages
                    of OpenHarmony at the edge and terminal sides, it achieved
                    intelligent breakthroughs in multiple scenarios. In the emergency
                    response field, it automatically identifies fire risk trends and
                    realizes integrated linkage between security and firefighting
                    through the security network. In the firefighting field, the
                    Company, together with the Dongguan Fire Rescue Detachment
                    of Guangdong Province and Huawei, jointly established the
                    “Huawei Digital Firefighting Global Innovation Experiment Base
                    – OpenHarmony Innovation Laboratory”, forming a model base
                    for the implementation and expansion of firefighting applications
                    based on HarmonyOS.
20   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



                   1.5.5   Campus and Buildings
                           During the reporting period, the nation’s first smart building pilot
                           project based on OpenHarmony, jointly built by Shenkaihong
                           and Fuzhou Urban and Rural Construction General Group, was
                           officially launched at Fuzhou Construction General Building.
                           Based on KaihongOS and KaihongOS Meta platform, Fuzhou
                           Construction General Smart Building realizes cross-device
                           interconnection of heterogeneous devices in the building,
                           unified data scheduling and efficient service collaboration, and
                           is capable of autonomously perceiving the environment, as
                           well as making automatic decisions and adjustments based on
                           the full amount of data collected by devices. After intelligent
                           transformation, the Construction General Building has realized
                           real-time monitoring and linkage of management modules,
                           and implemented multiple innovative scenarios such as energy
                           consumption management, smart conference rooms, visitor and
                           security management, and asset and vehicle management, with
                           the service life of building equipment extended by 10% to 15%.

             1.6   Applications in Critical Information Infrastructure Sectors
                   1.6.1   Power and Energy
                           The Company and Shenkaihong continue to promote
                           HarmonyOS-oriented transformation in the power and energy
                           sector. During the reporting period, Shenkaihong participated
                           in the research and development of the national key scientific
                           research project “Key Technologies for Power-Specific Internet
                           of Things Operating System”, gaining a leading position in the
                           power and energy field. In the reporting period, the Company
                           collaborated with Shenzhen Qianhai Power Supply Bureau to
                           complete the HarmonyOS-oriented upgrade of OpenHarmony
                           smart distribution rooms and charging stations. In smart
                           charging stations, cameras, charging piles, and ground locks
                           can autonomously identify and interact, flexibly and dynamically
                           regulate charging resources, and solve problems such as
                           long-term occupation of charging parking spaces. In smart
                           distribution rooms, through KaihongOS distributed software bus,
                           end-side devices such as cameras, lighting lamps, fans, and
                           various sensors are interconnected, enabling multi-dimensional
                           and multi-angle risk identification, judgment and alarm. Problems
                           are handled locally with remote monitoring, realizing low-man
                           and unmanned operations. At the same time, lights turn on
                           when people arrive, achieving energy conservation and emission
                           reduction.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                   21



                 1.6.2   Expressways
                         During the reporting period, the Company, Shenkaihong and
                         Hebei Expressway jointly created the first benchmark case
                         incorporating full OpenHarmony elements in the expressway
                         industry. A complete set of “1+2+N” architecture centered on the
                         “Jihong” Highway Operating System was designed, which refers
                         to 1 set of “Jihong” digital base, combined with 2 ecological
                         alliances (the “Jihong” highway ecology and Shenkaihong’s
                         general ecology), to facilitate the digital transformation of N
                         scenarios in the expressway industry, pursuing “zero casualties”,
                         “zero congestion” and “zero emissions”. By enabling full access
                         to underlying devices, this architecture builds a unified operating
                         system, data standards and architecture system, promotes
                         the collaborative development of software and hardware
                         ecosystems, significantly reduces the operation and maintenance
                         costs of the industrial chain, and improves data security and
                         availability. The core technology focuses on constructing the
                         technical foundation of the intelligent interconnected highway
                         electromechanical system: the “Jihong” digital base, which is
                         mainly characterized by the use of domestic operating systems,
                         domestic chips, IoT communication and other technologies
                         to upgrade the underlying architecture of electromechanical
                         equipment. Application software does not directly control
                         electromechanical equipment, achieving software-hardware
                         decoupling. This greatly enhances application flexibility while
                         significantly reducing operation and maintenance costs.

    2.   AI Platform and Model Factory Services
         The Company has launched the R1-AgentDIM Platform, an intelligent agent
         construction, integration and operation platform, which enables full-process
         empowerment for the construction and operation of intelligent agents,
         comprehensively helping customers reshape the intelligent agent-driven business
         value chain. The Company has also introduced the R1-EIMOS enterprise digital
         and intelligent transformation support platform, which builds a three-dimensional
         and efficient operation command system covering “all aspects, all elements and
         the entire process”. This platform realizes closed-loop collaboration between
         business insight and precise execution, effectively assisting enterprises in
         achieving digital transformation. Model Factory 2.0, with Ascend and DeepSeek
         technologies at its core, has formed full-scenario service capabilities covering
         everything from operator development to intelligent agent development. It
         has collaborated with Huawei to implement over 50 projects, including the
         first industrial CV application of the Pangu large model in the iron and steel
         manufacturing field, and the construction of a full-process AI solution for
         pharmaceuticals in the medical field.
22   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             2.1   AgentDIM Platform: Intelligent Agent Construction, Integration and
                   Operation Platform
                   During the reporting period, the Company’s JointPilot Platform was fully
                   upgraded to R1-AgentDIM Platform, an intelligent agent construction,
                   integration and operation platform. Positioned as an enabling tool
                   platform to accelerate the “last mile” of large model implementation
                   in customer scenarios, it encompasses the following components:
                   R1-ADP (Intelligent Agent Construction and Operation Platform) features
                   a self-developed NL2SQL large model whose capabilities in multi-table
                   automatic positioning and complex querying have reached industry
                   SOTA (State-of-the-Art) level. Combined with self-developed multi-agent
                   collaboration framework technology, it has successfully supported the
                   implementation in highly complex industry scenarios such as energy
                   and auditing, while expanding into high-barrier industries. Through
                   visual orchestration and plug-in component systems, it has significantly
                   improved the speed and accuracy of intelligent agent construction
                   for customers. Additionally, it has connected to 50+ MCP services
                   to enhance the platform’s large-scale delivery and service expansion
                   capabilities. It also enables reflective verification of task execution
                   through knowledge graph reasoning to reduce model hallucination and
                   ensure usability in low-fault-tolerance scenarios. Its AgenticOps (Agent
                   Intelligent Operations), which adapts to dynamic updates of customer
                   businesses without the need for re-upgrades, has achieved high
                   satisfaction among deployed customers, driving continuous cooperation
                   with numerous clients. R1-AKP (Knowledge Efficiency Engine) realizes
                   efficient semantic governance and resource organization through an
                   “Agent + human” approach, providing high-quality business semantics
                   and knowledge bases for vertical intelligent agents. It helps large models
                   better understand and apply professional domain knowledge and close
                   complex task loops. It has provided stable and controllable semantic
                   support for AI application construction in real business scenarios across
                   manufacturing, government affairs, medical care and other industries,
                   significantly enhancing large models’ business understanding capabilities
                   a n d e x e c u t i o n e ff i c i e n c y, a n d e n d o w i n g i n t e l l i g e n t a g e n t s w i t h
                   stronger knowledge accuracy, system robustness and task migration
                   capabilities. R1-AIP (Intelligent Agent Integration Hub) provides unified
                   model management, offering collaborative governance and unified
                   access for multi-vendor, multi-role, multi-scenario construction modes
                   and multi-application. It also integrates Huawei Cloud security and
                   compliance facilities to build an end-to-end security and compliance
                   system, meeting the complex application construction and management
                   environments of central state-owned enterprises and their high-intensity
                   privacy protection needs.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                 23



        2.2   R1-EIMOS Enterprise Digital and Intelligent Transformation Support
              Platform
              During the reporting period, the Company launched the R1-EIMOS
              Enterprise Digital and Intelligent Transformation Support Platform to
              empower enterprises to accelerate their digital transformation process
              and improve their operational efficiency. As a key enabling hub of the
              Company’s full-scenario AI product series, this platform is built on
              the R1-ADP intelligent agent construction, integration and operation
              platform, which is developed based on Huawei’s intelligent computing
              infrastructure and underlying platforms. Leveraging its capabilities in data
              activation, knowledge reconstruction, intelligent agent orchestration,
              and integration empowerment, it pioneered a “business model + data
              model” dual-driven architecture. This architecture provides enterprises
              with integrated modeling for large-scale and complex business
              scenarios, connecting the entire chain from enterprise strategic design
              to implementation and execution. The R1-EIMOS Enterprise Digital and
              Intelligent Transformation Support Platform is widely applied in discrete
              manufacturing, new energy, power grids, central and state-owned
              enterprises, bioengineering, and various segmented industries, and has
              been successfully implemented in multiple industry clients.

        2.3   Model Factory 2.0 Services
              During the reporting period, relying on the 2.0 service architecture of
              “model services + Agent products” and supported by Ascend and
              DeepSeek technology systems, Model Factory has built full-scenario AI
              professional service capabilities covering Ascend operator development,
              model migration, training and fine-tuning, domain dataset governance,
              and intelligent agent development. On this basis, it has gradually
              developed an industry AI enabling product system including intelligent
              agent development and operation platforms, knowledge construction
              and service platforms, and intelligent agent integration platforms,
              establishing a core foundation for the implementation of the Company’s
              AI professional services and helping enterprises reshape the paradigm of
              large model application development. In terms of technical ecology and
              industry integration, Model Factory has carried out in-depth collaboration
              with Huawei based on Ascend’s root technologies. Through Ascend AI’s
              full-scenario adaptation capabilities, it has achieved in-depth integration
              of the Ascend ecosystem with industry scenarios. It has completed the
              optimization of Ascend AI chips and CANN computing architecture for
              more than 50 key customers in Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu and other
              regions, promoted scenario-based implementation in fields such as
              finance and healthcare, and helped customers improve AI inference
              efficiency by 15%.
24   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



                 The Company has jointly built baseline solutions with Huawei Cloud,
                 completed Ascend migration, optimized professional services, and
                 launched medical AI industry solutions. Relying on Huawei’s CTSP
                 framework, the Company has gained a leading share in the AI industry
                 market, forming an AI solution matrix covering automotive, medical,
                 government affairs, industrial quality inspection and other fields, and
                 has passed the certification for Huawei Cloud AI service capabilities
                 and Ascend cloud service capabilities. In terms of key cooperation
                 and industry implementation, Model Factory has carried out over
                 50 cooperation projects with Huawei in the field of large models,
                 covering energy, transportation, government affairs, medical care,
                 industrial manufacturing and other industries. The Company has
                 deployed dedicated industry expert teams in key fields to achieve
                 precise alignment between technology and scenarios: 1) Iron and steel
                 manufacturing: The Company completed the first application of the
                 Pangu large model in CV and prediction scenarios within the industrial
                 manufacturing sector. Based on the delivery results of 4 initial scenarios,
                 the Company has expanded to over 50 scenario opportunities, with
                 7 scenarios currently in the delivery phase. As a model project for the
                 implementation of the Pangu large model, its experience has been
                 replicated in the energy sector, and the Company is collaborating with
                 Huawei to tap into the value of existing large model customers. 2)
                 Intelligent automotive sector: In collaboration with Huawei’s business
                 units, the Company has implemented 6 intelligent agent applications in
                 intelligent connected technology scenarios, covering core links such as
                 cockpit data mining, intelligent cockpit APP development and product
                 operation, promoting the intelligent upgrading of intelligent automotive
                 scenarios. 3) Medical sector: Adopting the construction concept of
                 “Pangu – governance – training – compilation – application – operation”,
                 the Company has deeply integrated AI technology into the entire
                 pharmaceutical manufacturing process. Leveraging technologies such as
                 computer vision, natural language processing and predictive analysis, the
                 Company covers five core scenarios: pharmaceutical R&D, production,
                 marketing, quality management and medical services, creating an AI
                 application solution for pharmaceutical manufacturing. Currently, this
                 solution has been successfully implemented in multiple projects based
                 on Ascend + DeepSeek, helping to build a new ecosystem for intelligent,
                 digital and compliant pharmaceutical industry. Through the accumulation
                 of technical capabilities and in-depth cultivation of industry scenarios,
                 Model Factory continues to strengthen the collaborative advantages
                 of “technology + ecology + services”, with the Company providing
                 enterprise customers with full-cycle AI services from technology
                 adaptation to scenario implementation, and promoting the intelligent
                 transformation process of various industries.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                25



        2.4   Euler and Gauss Ecosystem Business
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its
              presence in the operating system field, launching industry-customized
              commercial distributions of server operating systems with a key focus
              on the embedded direction. It overcame critical technical bottlenecks
              such as high real-time performance, fast startup, and low resource
              occupancy, completed adaptation with mainstream embedded chips,
              and officially released the CSIOS embedded version to further meet
              industry scenario-specific needs. The Company actively carried out R&D
              and technical services for domestic database products. As an initiator
              and advocate, it joined hands with industry partners to establish the
              GaussDB Ecosystem Professional Committee. It obtained database
              service capability certification, becoming the first and only CTSP partner
              to pass this certification. Up to now, it has completed POC testing and
              project delivery for over 30 sites, covering the needs of multiple business
              scenarios such as finance, government and enterprises, energy, and
              securities, strongly supporting the diversified service model for domestic
              information technology innovation migration and transformation.

              During the reporting period, the Company continued to optimize its
              self-developed database migration and synchronization platform DSM. It
              added 10+ migration links with domestic databases as both sources and
              targets, enabling bidirectional synchronization of various heterogeneous
              databases. The platform integrates functions such as automatic
              collection, structure migration, data migration and synchronization, and
              data verification, featuring visualization, processization, and automation.
              It can assist users in smoothly, securely, and completely migrating
              data to domestic relational databases, achieving free data flow. The
              Company empowers database operation and maintenance services
              through AI and large model technologies, improving database stability,
              optimizing performance, reducing usage thresholds and operation and
              maintenance costs, and continuously enhancing the intelligence level of
              comprehensive database services to better meet customer needs.
26   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




         3.   AI Application Product and Agent
              The Company has developed a variety of intelligent agent solutions for industries
              such as power and energy, finance, manufacturing, government affairs, auditing,
              human resources and social security/ecological environment, and healthcare.
              Leveraging domestic computing power and the R1-AgentDIM platform, these
              solutions form a complete closed-loop of solutions from basic platforms to
              industry-specific intelligent agents. This further expands the support for large
              enterprises’ AI strategic transformation and digital-intelligent construction,
              enabling intelligent agents to achieve high-value returns in complex business
              operations.

              3.1     Smart Power and Energy
                      The Company seized the opportunity of the new energy market-oriented
                      reform and continued to deepen cooperation with Huawei’s Power
                      Digitalization Business Unit in the fields of AI, IoT, and operation services
                      within the power and energy sector. During the reporting period, the
                      Company, together with partners, built an ecosystem for smart new
                      energy application solutions. Combining domestic computing power and
                      large models, it carried out verification work in new energy generation
                      power prediction, load forecasting, and auxiliary decision-making for
                      electricity market spot trading. In the field of smart distribution networks,
                      the Company continued to deepen cooperation with Huawei, developing
                      intelligent solutions of “edge computing devices + edge business APPs”,
                      cultivating edge business software for equipment monitoring and smart
                      microgrid control, and conducting pilot verification in overseas test sites.

                      The Company’s overseas smart distribution network business advanced
                      steadily. The first phase of the smart transformer district project for
                      Hongkong Electric was successfully launched, and the test sites received
                      high praise from customers, laying a solid foundation for subsequent
                      cooperation. The digital and intelligent top-level design for the distribution
                      network of City Power in South Africa was successfully delivered. With
                      edge APPs as the entry point, the smart microgrid test site for South
                      African customers was launched, accumulating technical reserves and
                      market experience simultaneously.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                  27



        3.2   Smart Finance
              The Company continues to deepen cooperation with leading clients
              such as state-owned banks, joint-stock banks, and large insurance
              institutions, focusing on innovative development in key areas of the
              financial industry including HarmonyOS application transformation, big
              data platforms and intelligent applications, AIGC financial applications
              and business innovation, application cloud migration and operation
              support, as well as software and hardware system integration. Relying
              on professional technologies and high-quality services, it is advancing
              steadily in the digital and intelligent transformation of finance. During the
              reporting period, the Company increased investment in AIGC technology
              R&D in the financial field, fully promoting financial AI business innovation,
              and built a core capability matrix and service system of “underlying
              computing power + computing power optimization + training and
              inference platform”. It provides customers with full-process AI engineering
              services from data services to model selection and fine-tuning training.
              In collaboration with ecosystem vendors, the Company launched
              financial AI all-in-one machines, as well as products and solutions
              such as financial large-model dialogue platforms, intelligent training
              platforms, intelligent knowledge management platforms, and bill risk
              control platforms. These have been applied in multiple financial scenarios
              including intelligent operation and maintenance, loan assistance, wealth
              management, and intelligent bills, and have been implemented in many
              financial institutions. The Company successfully secured projects such
              as a large-model Ascend computing power integration project for a
              national joint-stock bank, a large-model system construction training
              and inference product project for a national joint-stock bank, and a
              large-model computing power expansion project for a national joint-stock
              bank, gaining advantages in financial information technology innovation
              and AI transformation.
28   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             3.3   Smart Government Affairs
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to expand the
                   application scenarios of the “Gover nment Affairs AI Think Tank”
                   integrated solution, promoting the implementation of “AI + Government
                   Affairs” application practices. Focusing on core government affairs needs,
                   the Company, relying on the modular and highly scalable R1-AgentDIM
                   platform as the base, achieved rapid iteration and upgrading of the
                   “Seek Series” government affairs intelligent agents. These intelligent
                   agents have successfully expanded into new scenarios such as policy
                   interpretation, industrial and economic data inquiry, and public sentiment
                   analysis, with the process of production-level implementation further
                   accelerated. They have also gradually entered business fields with high
                   complexity and high value density, such as compliance review. In terms
                   of technical deployment, the Company, in collaboration with Huawei
                   Cloud Ascend AI infrastructure, has built a full-stack independently
                   controllable deployment system, achieving seamless integration with
                   customers’ systems. This fully meets the multi-dimensional requirements
                   of government affairs scenarios in terms of security compliance,
                   intelligent scheduling, local operation, and elastic expansion, and
                   possesses strong capabilities for rapid market replication. By the end of
                   the reporting period, the Company’s smart government affairs products
                   and solutions have successfully served multiple provinces and cities
                   including Guangdong, Jiangsu, and Hunan, with implementation in
                   over 20 cities. It has completed joint innovation and consulting delivery
                   projects for more than 50 customers, providing strong support for the
                   modernization of government governance with AI new productive forces.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                 29



        3.4   Smart Audit
              During the reporting period, the Company focused on building
              penetrative audit and early warning monitoring capabilities, upgraded
              its digital and intelligent audit platform, and continued to provide
              high-quality digital and intelligent audit solutions and services to
              enterprises such as CNOOC, PetroChina, China Huaneng, Huaxia
              Bank, Bank of Nanjing, AIA China, Beijing Electronics Holding, and
              BOE. The Company has made significant progress in the R&D and
              application of audit large models, successfully winning bids for audit
              large model projects of the Shanghai Municipal Audit Bureau, Shandong
              Provincial Audit Office, and other institutions. Leveraging over 20 years
              of experience in audit informatization, the Company provides a complete
              audit corpus governance solution and has achieved breakthroughs in
              key application scenarios such as intelligent review of audit documents,
              intelligent generation of audit instruments, data analysis, and clue mining.
              The Company completed the intelligent upgrade of the integrated audit
              rectification platform, helping government and enterprise customers
              effectively handle the “follow-up work” of audits. It successfully won
              bids for projects in multiple provinces including Guangdong, Zhejiang,
              Hunan, Ningxia, Qinghai, and Heilongjiang, demonstrating the market
              competitiveness and recognition of the Company’s audit rectification
              products.
30   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             3.5   Smart Human Resources and Social Security/Ecological
                   Environment
                   In the field of public employment services, the Company achieved a
                   breakthrough in business expansion with zero-based growth, deeply
                   participating in the construction of demonstration projects for improving
                   public employment service capabilities. By building a full-stack digital
                   and intelligent solution covering data infrastructure, AI engine, smart
                   handling, and services, it effectively drove a significant improvement in
                   the efficiency of public employment services, facilitated comprehensive
                   digital and intelligent transformation in the field, and fully demonstrated
                   the Company’s technical penetration and ecological construction
                   capabilities in the field of people’s livelihood services. In the field of
                   social security fund management, the Company successfully won
                   bids for social security fund supervision service projects in Shanghai,
                   Anhui Province, Sichuan Province, Tibet Autonomous Region, Xinjiang
                   Production and Construction Corps, and other regions. Currently, it
                   supports the daily social security fund supervision work of more than
                   20 provincial human resources and social security departments across
                   the country and has completed localized upgrading and transformation
                   in 7 provinces. Leveraging its profound experience accumulation in
                   the industry, the Company was entrusted by the Ministry of Human
                   Resources and Social Security to compile the “Research Report on the
                   Design and Implementation Path of Smart Supervision Model for Social
                   Security Funds”. It deeply participated in the top-level design of national
                   social security fund intelligent supervision, laying a solid foundation for
                   building a nationwide technical system for smart supervision of social
                   security funds and highlighting its strength as an industry benchmark.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                31



              During the reporting period, the Company achieved fruitful results in
              the field of digital governance of ecological environment. It successfully
              won bids for projects such as the Data Application and Analysis
              Research Project of the National Comprehensive Administrative Law
              Enforcement Team Management System of the Ministry of Ecology
              and Environment, as well as multiple provincial key projects including
              the Radiation Environment Monitoring, Emergency and Early Warning
              Platform, Mobile Law Enforcement for Environmental Supervision,
              and EIA (Environmental Impact Assessment) and Pollution Discharge
              Permit Management Platform of the Yunnan Provincial Department of
              Ecology and Environment. Leveraging years of industry accumulation
              and technological breakthroughs, combined with the achievements
              of business exchanges with core customers such as the Ministry of
              Ecology and Environment and provincial departments of ecology and
              environment, the Company has deeply integrated artificial intelligence
              technology with traditional environmental law enforcement businesses,
              and made every effort to promote the improvement and implementation
              of Version 1.0 of the Intelligent Case Review Platform, helping the
              traditional businesses in the ecological environment field to gradually
              upgrade towards intelligence.

        3.6   Smart Manufacturing
              During the reporting period, the Company deeply explored the “AI +
              manufacturing” field, promoting the full implementation of intelligent
              agent products from scenario pilots to production-level deployment,
              and effectively empowering manufacturing businesses to improve
              quality and efficiency. Leveraging the technical advantages of the
              R1-AgentDIM platform in semantic governance, knowledge engineering,
              and multi-agent collaboration, the Company has launched “Material
              Assistant” for supply chain scenarios and “Master Xiao” for after-sales
              scenarios. In production scenarios that traditionally rely heavily on
              manual experience and require repeated cross-system operations– such
              as material selection, maintenance resource allocation, and equipment
              fault diagnosis– these solutions enable Agent-based intelligent retrieval
              and recommendation, automatic BOM generation, and minute-level
              work order dispatching. This has significantly improved efficiency, greatly
              reduced manual burden, and enhanced service quality. The Company
              has comprehensively deepened cooperation with Huawei, promoting the
              accelerated implementation of “Seek Series” intelligent agent products
              around Huawei’s Versatile platform. It has delivered over 60 intelligent
              agent solutions, covering more than 100 industry customers.
32   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             3.7   Smart Healthcare
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its efforts
                   in real application scenarios within the “AI + healthcare” field, driving the
                   iteration and upgrading of solutions through technological innovation.
                   Relying on the independently developed R1-AgentDIM platform,
                   the Company provides full-link digital and intelligent transformation
                   support for healthcare industry customers, accelerating the upgrade
                   of medical service models towards intelligence and precision. In
                   terms of core products, the Company innovatively launched the “AI
                   Medical Insurance Compliance Officer” solution. Based on intelligently
                   constructed high-quality medical insurance datasets and knowledge
                   bases, it has built an intelligent Agent system covering functions such
                   as medical insurance risk review, risk control management assistant,
                   and medical insurance compliance data inquiry. This solution has
                   been successfully implemented in a leading Grade III Class A hospital
                   in Beijing. By establishing a full-process compliance intelligent
                   system, it has transformed from the traditional post-event-focused
                   management to a closed-loop management model combining pre-event
                   interception, in-event intervention, and post-event traceability. It has
                   significantly reduced the hospital’s medical insurance claim rejection
                   rate and unqualified rate in unannounced inspections, fully verifying
                   its implementation value with clear replicability. In terms of technical
                   integration, the Company integrates platform-level “new AI integration”
                   capabilities such as intelligent agent frameworks, knowledge weaving,
                   and multi-model access, effectively solving the problem of integrating
                   customers’ existing IT systems with large models and providing seamless
                   support for the upgrading of medical information systems. At present,
                   relevant solutions have formed benchmark cases in key cities such as
                   Beijing, Guangzhou, Suzhou, Chengdu, and Qingdao, demonstrating
                   strong national radiation capacity and laying a solid foundation for the
                   large-scale application in the “AI + healthcare” field.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                  33



         3.8     Smart Mining
                 During the reporting period, the Company and Huawei carried out joint
                 development and expansion of the mine comprehensive management
                 joint solution in Shanxi Province, promoting its bulk implementation
                 in medium and large mines within the province. Leveraging the good
                 reputation gained from the cooperation with Huawei on the mine
                 comprehensive management joint solution, the Company further
                 advanced the joint innovation cooperation with Huawei in the mining
                 field, and built a mine transparent geology solution based on Huawei’s
                 Yuantu Workshop digital and intelligent base. In the aluminum industry,
                 the intelligent mine anti-theft mining solution and cases developed by
                 the Company based on Huawei Cloud and Ascend computing power
                 have been recognized by Huawei’s Oil, Gas and Mining Corps, and have
                 been launched as the key promotion solution for open-pit metal mine
                 scenarios nationwide.

    4.   AI-Native ERP Consulting, Implementation and
         Digital Transformation Services
         The Company proactively seizes the opportunity of digital transformation driven
         by AI large models in central state-owned enterprises, and has developed a
         domestic industry distribution version of the core enterprise management system
         for the energy and power industry. Through the Agentic CDM intelligent delivery
         system, it integrates implementation experience and establishes four capability
         centers covering consulting, implementation, operation and maintenance, and
         project management. The Company deeply participates in the pre-research on
         digital transformation of outstanding central state-owned enterprise clients,
         providing industry customers with full-life-cycle services from strategic planning
         to system implementation, and helping clients efficiently advance domestic
         substitution.
34   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             4.1   Industry Distribution Version of Enterprise Core Operation System
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to invest in the
                   R&D of the enterprise core operation system distribution version,
                   and tailor-made the Yangfan R/7 ERP Enterprise Core Operation and
                   Management System with the characteristics of “localization, intelligence,
                   and industrialization” for the energy and power industry. It deeply
                   integrates the successful experience of enterprise digital transformation
                   and independent and controllable ERP system implementation with the
                   characteristics of energy and power industry enterprises, building a
                   digital and intelligent operation system covering the entire process and
                   end-to-end of “human resources, finance, materials, and projects”, and
                   promoting the transformation of enterprise management models from
                   “experience-driven” to “data-driven”. The Yangfan R/7 industry distribution
                   version of enterprise core operation system for the power industry
                   has built an “one body with two wings” architecture. The “one body”
                   part is a standardized core based on the enterprise’s core business
                   system, supporting general modules such as human resources, financial
                   accounting, and material procurement; the “two wings” are the power
                   industry distribution version and the “AI + ERP” toolchain. The former
                   is embedded with industry-specific plug-ins such as power generation
                   cost accounting and fuel management, adapting to the production and
                   operation characteristics of energy and power enterprises; the latter
                   realizes process automation through AI Agent, and assists in intelligent
                   decision-making combined with large model technology. The Company
                   continues to deepen cooperation with Huawei’s Power Digitalization
                   Business Unit in fields such as AI, IoT, and operation services, jointly
                   launching domestic ERP solutions and industry suites for the energy and
                   power industry, and expanding the field of ERP localization information
                   technology innovation. The Yangfan R/7 solution for the power industry
                   enterprise core operation system has been successfully launched on the
                   Huawei Cloud Marketplace.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                   35



        4.2   ERP Consulting, Implementation Services and Pilot Projects
              During the reporting period, the Company further advanced project
              cooperation in the field of ERP independent research and integration
              with digital technology companies of central state-owned enterprises.
              It won the bid for Kunlun Digital Intelligence’s 2025 digital intelligence
              service framework project, mainly assisting in the construction projects
              such as PetroChina’s ERP centralization project, domestic ERP
              independent research project, Yunmengze e-commerce management
              platform project, and the third phase of the fuel card management
              platform, to accelerate the digital transformation process. The Company
              successfully won all bid packages of COFCO Information Technology’s
              digital intelligence transformation service framework project, promoting
              information construction in fields such as artificial intelligence application
              development, ERP system implementation, data governance, cloud
              management center and network security, so as to fully support COFCO
              Group’s digital intelligence transformation. During the reporting period,
              the Company helped Kunlun Logistics’ centralized ERP project go online
              smoothly, signed an exclusive agreement with CNOOC Information
              Technology Co., Ltd. for technical support services in production
              management scheduling operation digitalization and intelligent model
              development, signed a contract for the aviation engine maintenance
              management information system project of Ruihang (Chongqing) Aircraft
              Engine Maintenance Co., Ltd, and signed an ERP implementation project
              with HORIBA Beijing Branch.

              The company has further advanced pilot projects based on domestically
              independent and controllable ERP systems. For central state-owned
              enterprises in key infrastructure industries such as electric power,
              energy, and military industry, prior to launching major projects involving
              domestic substitution of ERP systems or new construction, the company
              conducts systematic research and verification based on domestically
              independent and controllable ERP systems, starting from the “15th
              Five-Year” digital transformation plan. The methodology of pilot projects
              integrates 4A architecture methodology, product R&D methodology,
              and consulting implementation methodology, establishing a systematic
              and standardized guidance framework. It mainly includes four stages of
              services: pre-research planning consulting services, scenario verification
              and development services, environment leasing services, and training
              services. Pilot projects can effectively reduce the risks for central
              state-owned enterprises in implementing digital transformation, optimize
              and improve investment returns. Through in-depth research, verification,
              and testing, they evaluate the feasibility, applicability, and risks of
              solutions, providing scientific basis and optimized paths for the digital
              transformation of central state-owned enterprises.
36   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             4.3   Agentic CDM Delivery Methodology System
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to upgrade
                   and improve the intelligent delivery methodology system – Agentic
                   CDM. Focusing on pain points such as data governance, requirement
                   communication and training, document management/knowledge
                   management/template generation, it covers the entire project lifecycle
                   and provides important support for large enterprises to achieve digital
                   and intelligent transformation in the era of AI large models. The Company
                   fully transforms its practical experience, systems, tools and resources
                   accumulated in ERP R&D, replacement, implementation, go-live and
                   operation & maintenance, continuously advancing system servitization
                   and version upgrading. This safeguards the “acceleration, quality
                   improvement and efficiency enhancement” of successful go-live and
                   delivery of core enterprise operation systems for large enterprises,
                   including core functions such as project and engineering management
                   processes, delivery document templates and samples, development and
                   implementation tools, as well as special solutions for complex issues –
                   such as business process solution testing, environment configuration
                   and management, migration and go-live switching, and a series of tool
                   solutions.

             4.4   Capability Centers and Joint Laboratories
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to build end-to-end
                   professional service capabilities for enterprise core operation system
                   businesses, forming an integrated capability center encompassing
                   professional consulting, implementation, technical operation and
                   maintenance, and project management. The Consulting Center has
                   gathered and cultivated a talent echelon of professional consultants and
                   experts, establishing leading capabilities in domestic ERP consulting,
                   planning, and professional design. The Implementation Center has
                   integrated the experience of ERP localization implementation in central
                   state-owned enterprises. By developing the CDM system to improve
                   methodologies, tools, and resource allocation and training systems, it
                   has realized continuous training and combat, ensuring the continuous
                   improvement of delivery quality and efficiency. Based on the delivery
                   experience and resources accumulated in R&D, the Technical Operation
                   and Maintenance Center has built a fully replicable capability system
                   to achieve the multiplication of high-quality resources, ensuring
                   technologically leading and efficient operation and maintenance for
                   project success. The Project Management Center has established project
                   management and quality risk management capabilities for complex
                   large-scale projects, and set up aligned and integrated mechanisms for
                   information security and intellectual property confidentiality.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                  37



                 The Company continuously invest in the Yangfan R/7 Enterprise
                 Operation System Joint Laboratory, jointly launch domestic ERP solutions
                 and power industry suites for the power industry with Huawei’s Power
                 Digitalization Business Unit, expand customers in the power generation
                 industry market, and carry out pre-research on ERP information
                 innovation in a large power generation group. Combining resources
                 such as the AI Laboratory and the Intelligent Distribution Solution (IDS)
                 Laboratory, the Company jointly carries out application innovation of
                 “AI + ERP” in the energy and power industry and promotes it to large
                 domestic and foreign energy and power enterprises, making it the core
                 engine for digital and intelligent operation and management of energy
                 and power enterprises.

    5.   Cloud + Computing Power
         This year marks the 8th anniversary of the Company’s signing of the “Sailing
         Together” strategic cooperation agreement with Huawei Cloud. The Company
         maintains strong competitiveness in the Huawei Cloud business sector, with its
         business scale continuing to lead the overall performance of the Huawei Cloud
         ecosystem. As a cloud transformation service provider (CTSP), it has retained
         the top market share in Huawei Cloud, and maintains a leading position in
         public cloud performance as well as HarmonyOS and Ascend adaptation model
         services. In multiple key regions, the Company and Huawei Cloud have practiced
         the ecological cooperation goal of “capacity co-creation and business win-win”,
         jointly exploring in-depth industry application scenarios of customers and landing
         benchmark clients such as Yundingkeji, Chengdu Public Transport Group, and
         ECOVACS Group.
38   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             5.1   CTSP Cloud Services and Ascend Cloud AI Empowerment
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen
                   the long-term capability building of CTSP cloud services, having
                   obtained 13 first-level labels and 23 second-level labels for CTSP
                   professional services. As a leading cloud service provider and a core
                   CTSP partner of Huawei Cloud, the Company has provided over 500
                   customers with services such as Ascend and HarmonyOS adaptation,
                   cloud migration planning and implementation, data management and
                   analysis, excellent operation, big data, and application integration. The
                   Company expanded the organizational network of Cloud Center of
                   Excellence (CCOE) capability centers in key cities to further enhance
                   localized service delivery and response capabilities. Through CCOE,
                   it continuously deepened the “sales-service integration” capability,
                   providing enterprise customers with full-lifecycle AI cloud transformation
                   services from consulting and planning to implementation and continuous
                   operation. It successfully delivered over 300 CTSP projects in multiple
                   key industries including energy, steel, pharmaceuticals, automotive,
                   manufacturing, retail, and government. In the Huawei Cloud CTSP
                   cooperation ecosystem, the Company maintained and consolidated its
                   leading partner position, and jointly achieved project breakthroughs with
                   Huawei Cloud in industries such as automotive, manufacturing, software
                   development, and retail, providing services for core customers such as
                   ECOVACS, Nanjing Big Data Group Co., Ltd., XCMG, Changshu Liquor
                   Industry, Meiyijia, Tianjin Port, and Beijing Subway, helping customers
                   accelerate business innovation.

                   As one of the first and core partners of Huawei Cloud’s integration
                   business, the Company deeply integrates Huawei’s public cloud,
                   private cloud (Huawei Cloud Stack), Ascend AI cloud services and
                   various “sharp-edge” products (such as GaussDB, ModelArts, etc.). It
                   drives the integration of solutions, promoting in-depth integration and
                   large-scale delivery of the joint baseline solutions, multi-industry solution
                   products and services between the Company and Huawei Cloud.
                   During the reporting period, the Company continued to advance the
                   core software research project in Guangdong Province, and deepen the
                   work of national digital transformation pilots for small and medium-sized
                   enterprises in regions such as Shaanxi, Jiangsu and Tianjin, helping key
                   regional enterprises such as a certain technology company and a certain
                   manufacturing enterprise achieve high-quality digital transformation; it
                   won the “Huawei Cloud Excellent SI Partner Award” at the 2025 Huawei
                   Cloud Ecosystem Conference.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                               39



        5.2   Computing Power Operation
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to make efforts
              in areas such as the construction of the computing power operation
              industry ecosystem and the incubation of application scenarios, forming
              a sound computing power operation and management system, and
              providing customers with one-stop AI service operations including
              computing power resource leasing, model training, data engineering,
              and scenario application development. Focusing on the DeepSeek large
              model, it provides customers with full-process in-depth adaptation and
              customized deployment services to help them achieve precise scheduling
              and efficiency optimization of computing resources. The Company
              continued to serve the Xi’an Yanta Artificial Intelligence Innovation and
              Development Center, assisting in expanding the computing center’s scale
              to 508P computing power. It supported the Xi’an base in successfully
              completing the deployment and launch of new models in the DeepSeek
              series, improved the supporting testing system, and promoted the
              further upgrading of the “most powerful brain” in western China. It
              jointly built a 300P computing power for the High-Tech Turing Artificial
              Intelligence Computing Center with the Xianyang High-Tech Zone, and
              is fully responsible for the operation and management of the intelligent
              computing center. The Company participated in the joint operation of
              the Phase II 125P computing power of the Intelligent Computing Center
              at the Wuhan Dongxihu Network Security Base, helping Wuhan build an
              artificial intelligence industry ecosystem and create the industry’s first
              content review large model.
40   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



             5.3   AI-enabled Operation of Cloud Bases
                   During the reporting period, the Company upgraded the business models
                   of regional industrial internet, information innovation, Kunpeng and other
                   businesses with one-stop AI services. In Xiamen, it expanded the layout
                   of AI + industrial industry development, focusing on the development
                   and application of four aspects in manufacturing: AI + quality inspection,
                   AI + diagnosis, AI + Q&A, and AI + design, helping customers improve
                   production efficiency and market competitiveness. At the Nanjing Base,
                   the Company focused on DeepSeek + Ascend cloud services, assisting
                   customers in building intelligent bases and providing them with scenario
                   services such as pure DS inference computing power, MaaS + industry
                   templates, distillation/fine-tuning services based on DS model application
                   scenarios, DSV3 SFT supervised fine-tuning, and reinforcement learning
                   services. At the Lishui Base, the Company focused on traditional
                   manufacturing, and emphatically promoted the implementation of AI
                   Agent platforms and products. It joined hands with the IT departments of
                   customers to promote the implementation of AI applications in business
                   departments and build enterprises’ own AI applications. In Wuqing
                   District, Tianjin, targeting three segmented industries including intelligent
                   equipment manufacturing, advanced transportation equipment and key
                   components, and fashion and health consumer goods manufacturing,
                   the Company provided enterprise customers with a variety of AI
                   Agent scenario applications, as well as digital intelligence diagnosis +
                   full-process services covering “research, production, supply, marketing
                   and service”, helping enterprises with digital transformation.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                41



        5.4   Innovation and Technology Center
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to advance the
              construction of the Digital Power Innovation and Technology Center,
              consolidated the foundation of computing power resources, focused on
              the needs of core customers, and provided AI project PoC verification
              services to offer technical feasibility for customers to efficiently verify
              innovative solutions. In the field of large model technology application,
              the Innovation and Technology Center kept up with the cutting-edge
              development trends of the industry, successfully deployed and put into use
              DeepSeek-V3-0324, DeepSeek-R1-0528 versions and the Qwen3-235B
              model, with the response speed and processing capability of model
              services significantly improved. It completed the model deployment of
              the silicon-based flow inference framework and Huawei’s large-scale
              expert parallel solution, further releasing model performance through
              technical optimization, and providing customers with efficient and stable
              full-process support for AI innovation. During the reporting period, the
              Innovation and Technology Center received nearly 100 customer visits.
              Through the display of innovative achievements, customized technical
              empowerment and other methods, it deeply participated in the digital
              and intelligent transformation process of customers, injecting new
              AI-driven momentum into regional industrial upgrading.
42   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




         6.   Overseas Services
              With Hong Kong as its hub, the Company has been deeply exploring the
              Asia-Pacific and Middle East markets, systematically exporting its business
              development and delivery capabilities. During the reporting period, the Company
              delivered a full-scenario cloud infrastructure including command centers, physical
              security, and passenger flow management for the Kai Tak Sports Park in Hong
              Kong, which was unveiled on March 1st alongside the park’s opening and was
              announced as a global demonstration center. It joined hands with Huawei to
              become a member of the IDA Digital Intelligence Alliance in Hong Kong and
              Macao, and won the “2024 Excellent Contribution Partner Award”, “Excellent
              Partner Award for Network Products and Solutions”, and “Excellent Partner
              Award for Storage Products and Solutions”. In the Middle East market, centered
              on the Saudi joint venture JAT (Joint Advanced Technologies), the Company
              showcased cloud platforms, digital twins, and smart venue solutions at LEAP
              2025, providing upgrade paths for newly built venues. As a core overseas
              partner of Huawei Cloud, the Company jointly released smart park and smart city
              solutions at the Huawei Developer Conference 2025, with the smart park solution
              winning the Overseas Scenario-Based Product Portfolio Award. The Company
              has made new breakthroughs in clients such as the Leisure and Cultural Services
              Department of Hong Kong and Indonesia. It continues to serve global customers
              with its capabilities in data platforms, cloud native, and AIGC, consolidating its
              position as a benchmark in financial transformation in Hong Kong and Southeast
              Asia, and contributing to global digitalization.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                         43




II.   Software and Technical Services
      During the reporting period, the Company continuously improved the efficiency of existing
      businesses by virtue of its AI capabilities, kept expanding new customers, signed multiple
      new benchmark projects, and continuously drove the growth of revenue and profits.

      1.      Huawei
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen strategic
              collaboration with Huawei in such fields as operating systems, intelligent vehicles,
              AI infrastructure, and database ecosystems, building integrated software
              and hardware service capabilities. In terms of human resources digitalization,
              the Company launched applications such as “Talent Mobility Assistant” and
              “Recruitment Digital Human”, comprehensively promoting the AI transformation
              of HR supply chains to improve organizational efficiency and resource allocation
              efficiency. In the direction of operating systems, the Company deeply participated
              in the release and evolution of HarmonyOS and HarmonyOS NEXT versions. In the
              intelligent vehicle sector, it assisted Huawei in building an “human-vehicle-home”
              full-scenario intelligent interconnection solution, providing all-round technical
              support for vehicle models such as AITO, ZHIJIE, and XIANGJIE. In the field of
              basic software and hardware ecosystems, the Company actively participated
              in the construction of core technologies such as Kunpeng, Ascend, Euler, and
              GaussDB, completed the adaptation of Ascend AI chips and the landing service
              of Kunpeng Cloud, and promoted the accelerated application of the “Kunpeng
              + Ascend” ecosystem. It continued to delve into the openEuler community,
              released customized server and embedded operating systems, launched the
              CSIOS embedded version, and jointly initiated “Euler Going Global” seminars with
              the community to expand markets in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions.
              In the database direction, the Company co-established the GaussDB Ecosystem
              Professional Committee with Huawei Cloud, becoming the first CTSP partner to
              obtain service capability certification. Relying on its self-developed platform DSM
              and AI-based operation and maintenance technologies, it continued to empower
              core industries such as finance, government and enterprises, supporting the
              development of domestic and information innovation ecosystems.
44   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




         2.   Financial Sector
              During the reporting period, the Company achieved remarkable results in the
              financial information innovation sector, successfully securing several key projects
              such as the information innovation transformation project for the enterprise-level
              data lake system of a national joint-stock bank, the information innovation
              integration project of a state-owned bank, and the information innovation
              project for IC cards of a city commercial bank. The Company not only made a
              breakthrough in the information innovation data platform of national joint-stock
              banks but also successfully realized the first implementation of financial
              information innovation projects in the four major state-owned banks. It made
              outstanding contributions to the settlement project of a foreign-funded bank,
              becoming the only Chinese-funded supplier to be awarded the title of “Excellent
              Supplier” by the bank. This project has become a successful model for global
              projects within the customer’s organization, confirming the Company’s technical
              strength and profound accumulation in the field of cross-border payment.

         3.   Energy and Power Sector
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to expand business
              cooperation with central and state-owned enterprise groups in the energy and
              power sector as well as their subsidiaries. Newly acquired customers of the
              Company include NARI Information & Communication Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary
              of State Grid Corporation of China), Digital Grid Group (a subsidiary of China
              Southern Power Grid), and Luxi Chemical (a subsidiary of Sinochem Group). The
              Company continued to provide State Grid Corporation of China with information
              technology support such as digital platform development and implementation,
              information management, R&D and implementation of data service products,
              intelligent customer service, and training of large models for distribution network
              dispatching. It successfully renewed the contract with PetroChina Kunlun Digital
              Intelligence, continuously improving its capabilities and customer satisfaction.
              Additionally, the Company undertook the construction of the information system
              for China National Pipe Network Group.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                    45




    4.   Terminal Manufacturing Sector
         During the reporting period, the Company joined hands with leading domestic
         technology enterprises to achieve new breakthroughs, realizing diversified growth
         in the fields of smart wearables and smart home. It assisted Honor in iterating
         MagicOS, upgrading the on-device AI large model, and ensuring the global
         launch of Magic7, which drove a 12% increase in market share in Europe, jointly
         building an all-scenario smart ecosystem. It deepened business cooperation with
         leading ODM manufacturers such as Huaqin and Zhongnuo, led the debugging of
         smart terminal motherboards and complete machines, and overcame the barriers
         in 5G module integration. Becoming one of Xiaomi’s first strategic suppliers, the
         Company optimized the design simulation of mobile phone imaging modules,
         improved the low-power sensing and battery life of wearables, and fully integrated
         into the “human-vehicle-home” interconnection. It co-established the underlying
         compatibility testing system for OPPO’s Find series, significantly improving the
         BUG detection rate, and independently developed imaging algorithms to achieve
         industry-leading video anti-shake performance, with a 100% project delivery pass
         rate in the first half of the year. Meanwhile, in collaboration with home appliance
         leaders such as Hisense and A.O. Smith, the Company strengthened quality
         control and logistics through intelligent technologies, increased investment in
         digital IT, and customized solutions to connect the full-process data chain, driving
         intelligent upgrading and digital transformation in the industry.

    5.   Automotive Sector
         During the reporting period, the Company established new cooperative
         relationships with manufacturers such as Jianghuai Automobile and Chery
         Automobile, providing technical support in areas including intelligent cockpits
         and intelligent driving. In the field of intelligent connected vehicles, the Company
         deepened its cooperation with Changan Automobile and partnered with its
         subsidiaries such as AVATR, Changxian Intelligent, and TINNOVE, continuously
         enhancing consumer experience in aspects like intelligent driving, intelligent
         cockpits, intelligent vehicle connectivity, and vehicle testing.
46   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




         6.   Telecommunications Sector
              During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its presence in
              China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicom, and the communication equipment
              market. It successively signed major projects with China Mobile IOT Company
              Limited, Migu Culture Technology Co., Ltd., China Mobile Financial Technology,
              China Unicom Design Institute, and China Unicom Industrial Internet, and
              added new industrial internet clients of China Unicom (Heilongjiang, Shandong),
              achieving full coverage of core segments of operators. The Company remained
              in the first-tier supplier ranks of major equipment manufacturers such as Datang,
              Xingtang, and TD TECH, with its technical strength and service quality highly
              recognized by clients. It successfully made breakthroughs in Star Network
              Application and Hisense Intech, continuously consolidating its leading advantages
              in major equipment manufacturers and home appliance sectors.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                   47




KEY OPERATING DATA
In the first half of 2025, the Group’s business returned to the growth track, with revenue
increasing by 7.3% YoY, service revenue growing by 7.8% YoY, profit for the period rising by
10.4% YoY, profit attributable to owners of the Company increasing by 10.4% YoY, and basic
earnings per share growing by 15.6% YoY.

                                                   Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                         2025          2024
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000           % Change
Revenue                                              8,506,642       7,926,183            7.3%
Service revenue                                      8,248,232       7,647,920            7.8%
Profit for the period                                  315,031         285,353           10.4%
Profit attributable to owners of the Company           315,563         285,720           10.4%
Basic earnings per share (cents)                         12.64           10.93           15.6%
The key operating figures (unaudited) for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are as follows:

                                                   Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                         2025          2024
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000           % Change
Revenue                                              8,506,642       7,926,183                7.3%
Service revenue                                      8,248,232       7,647,920                7.8%
Cost of sales and services                          (6,631,744)     (6,094,783)               8.8%

Gross profit                                         1,874,898       1,831,400            2.4%
Other income                                            97,907          94,577            3.5%
Other gains or losses                                   85,785         104,890          (18.2%)
Selling and distribution costs                        (426,462)       (425,950)           0.1%
Other expenses                                         (52,363)        (44,638)          17.3%
Administrative expenses                             (1,118,980)     (1,113,278)           0.5%
Finance costs                                          (61,329)        (99,837)         (38.6%)
Impairment losses under expected credit
  loss model, net of reversal                           (19,017)        (15,455)         23.0%
Share of results of investments accounted
  for using the equity method                           (29,964)        (34,684)        (13.6%)
Loss from derecognition of financial assets
  measured at amortised cost                             (1,529)         (1,191)         28.4%

Profit before taxation                                 348,946         295,834           18.0%
Income tax expense                                     (33,915)        (10,481)         223.6%

Profit for the period                                  315,031         285,353           10.4%

Profit attributable to owners of the
  Company                                              315,563         285,720           10.4%
Basic earnings per share (cents)                         12.64           10.93           15.6%
Adjusted profit                                        277,093         247,534           11.9%
48   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     GENERAL OVERVIEW
     In the first half of 2025, the Company unswervingly advanced the full-scenario AI strategy,
     continuing to focus on the “1+3” core tracks. With cloud intelligence and computing power
     as the base, it synergized the three business segments of HarmonyOS AIoT and digital twins,
     intelligent agent and model workshop services, and ERP consulting implementation and digital
     transformation services, comprehensively upgrading the full-scenario AI-R1 product matrix.
     During the reporting period, the company’s full-scenario AI business developed vigorously,
     achieving a revenue of RMB656 million, a year-on-year surge of 130%, and becoming the core
     engine driving the company’s performance growth. The company’s cornerstone businesses also
     maintained a steady and positive momentum, laying a solid foundation for the recovery of the
     company’s overall performance.

     The Company has built an independently controllable digital base with the AI-native KaihongOS
     operating system, empowering reforms and innovations in multiple industries such as smart
     water conservancy, smart transportation, smart cities, smart energy, and smart fire protection,
     and contributing to the safety and sustainable development of national economy and people’s
     livelihood. During the reporting period, KaihongOS, as the world’s first OpenHarmony system
     meeting microsecond-level hard real-time requirements, was adapted to core scenarios such as
     high-precision industry and aerospace; KaihongOS obtained the Level 4 certification in security
     testing by the Ministry of Public Security, establishing an industry-leading position characterized
     by security and stability; the Company, together with Shenkaihong, released and open-sourced
     M-Robots OS, the world’s first distributed heterogeneous multi-machine collaborative robot
     operating system, which solved the problem of industrial ecological fragmentation and facilitated
     the popularization of robots; the Company deepened cooperation with ARM and RISC-V
     manufacturers, launched the Kaihong Bot series products, providing “out-of-the-box” intelligent
     devices for engineers engaged in HarmonyOS application development, equipment development,
     and secondary system development. In addition, the Company has a deep understanding of
     the future development pattern of the HarmonyOS industry and attaches importance to the
     opportunity of software application restructuring in the HarmonyOS era. During the reporting
     period, the company launched the “HarmonyOS Software Factory”, which improves development
     efficiency and quality through AI large models, continuing to maintain a leading position in
     HarmonyOS application development and adaptation; it also launched the self-developed
     “Hongyun Virtual Machine” to achieve compatibility with the Windows ecosystem, accelerating
     the prosperity of the ecosystem.

     During the reporting period, the Company grandly launched the R1-AgentDIM Platform and
     R1-DMP Data Management Platform, aiming to address the fragmentation of enterprises’
     underlying systems, data, logic, and operational processes. It has also continuously enriched and
     accumulated full-scenario Agents in key industries. By the end of the reporting period, over 300
     AI assistant projects have been implemented in industries such as manufacturing, healthcare,
     finance, and energy, and more than 50 cooperation projects with Huawei in the field of large
     models have been carried out, promoting large-scale implementation of AI. Meanwhile, the
     Company has actively collaborated with Huawei to build product capabilities, becoming the first to
     win the bid for Huawei Cloud’s AI Native Application Engine project, with multiple self-developed
     Seek Series products listed on the Huawei Cloud Marketplace.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                    49



During the reporting period, the Company proactively seized the opportunity of digital
transformation among central state-owned enterprises and state-owned enterprises, and
launched the “Yangfan R/7 Enterprise Core Operation and Management System” for the
energy and power industry. Adopting the architecture of “standard core + industry plug-ins + AI
toolchain”, the system was successfully listed on the Huawei Cloud Marketplace. The Company
continues to build end-to-end professional service capabilities for enterprise core business system
operations, forming a professional capability center integrating consulting, implementation,
technical operation and maintenance, and project management. Aligning with Huawei, it has
established five capability centers to strengthen product and service capabilities in the field of
domestic ERP. Based on the 4A architecture AI-native R1-EIMOS digital transformation support
platform, through model and process orchestration, it supports outside expansion and peripheral
system development.

The in-depth application of AI will drive exponential consumption of computing power and
cloud resources. To this end, the Company has coordinated the planning and development
of cloud and computing power. During the reporting period, the company continued to lead
the Huawei Cloud ecosystem, ranking first in both business scale and ecosystem share for
consecutive terms. The company has built a complete service system and capabilities covering
“cloud sales – cloud services – AI enablement” and is the partner with the most certifications for
Huawei Cloud’s CTSP (Cloud Transformation Service Provider) capability labels. It has expanded
computing power operations to two new cities; leveraging infrastructure upgrades such as
Huawei Cloud’s CloudMatrix384 super nodes, it has actively participated in the construction
of computing power centers. Through optimizations of Ascend AI chips and CANN computing
architecture, it has helped customers improve AI inference efficiency by 15%, demonstrating
the unique advantages of Ascend through underlying engineering services. Through in-depth
cooperation with SiliconFlow, the company has enhanced the adaptability of the Ascend chip
base by integrating computing power acceleration with full-stack AI services. It has built its own
technology innovation center and computing power center (AILab), creating a full-stack AI-POC
environment that provides low-threshold model training, rapid deployment of intelligent agents,
and full-lifecycle services, thus consolidating the AI-native digital intelligence base.

Looking ahead, the company will continue to deepen its full-scenario AI strategy, serving AI
Native innovations such as edge intelligence, high-quality datasets, intelligent agent application
development, and empowerment of digital intelligence transformation. It will provide enterprises
with comprehensive intelligent solutions covering everything from perception to decision-making,
and unswervingly move toward the goal of becoming “the world’s most outstanding full-scenario
AI product and service provider.”
50   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Since the Group’s listing on the Growth Enterprise Market in 2003, the compound annual growth
     rate (CAGR) of revenue reached 24.6%, while the CAGR of service revenue reached 30.8%. In the
     first half of 2025, revenue increased by 7.3% compared to the same period last year, and service
     revenue increased by 7.8% compared to the same period last year. Please refer to the following
     graph for details:


                                                                         Total revenue




                  Service Revenue
                                                                                                                                                         19,490
                  Products Revenue                                                                                                              18,132
                  (RMB in million)                                                 .6%                                                                            16,632 16,314
                                                                                24
                                                                           G  R: 30.8%
                                                                         CA GR:
                                                                      th    A                                                          13,762
                                                                 g row ue C                                                                                                                 wth
                                                               e      n
                                                             nu Reve
                                                                                                                                                                                        gro
                                                                                                                              11,637                                                 ue
                                                         v e                                                                                                                     ven %
                                                                                                                                                                              Re : 7.3 ven %
                                                                                                                                                                                                ue
                                                       Re vice                                                       10,339
                                                                                                                                                                                         re
                                                                                                                                                                               rate vice te: 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                 .8
                                                           r                                                                                                                       r
                                                                                                                                                                                Se wth r
                                                                                                                                                                                           a
                                                        Se                                                   8,808                                                                gro

                                                                                                                                                                                          8,248
                                                                                                                                                                                  7,648
                                                                                                     6,574
                                                                                             4,832
                                                                                     4,147
                                                                       2,551 3,068
                                                               1,960
                                                       1,374
                                     559   742   921
             58   107    235   310
            108 187 148        45    253 241 184 227 284 217 138 282 297 209 436 246 405 339 266 515 485 637 278 259
            2003A 2004A 2005A 2006A 2007A 2008A 2009A 2010A 2011A 2012A 2013A 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017A 2018A 2019A 2020A 2021A 2022A 2023A 2024A 2024H1 2025H1




     Customers
     The Group’s customers span globally, in addition to the Greater China, it has achieved remarkable
     results in the Asia-Pacific and Middle East and extends its influence to customers globally. The
     Group has established long-term partnerships with leading domestic and international enterprises
     and high-growth potential clients such as Huawei, HSBC, Honor, Tencent, Alibaba, Ping An,
     China Mobile, China Telecom, Bank of Communications, PetroChina, CNOOC, and State Grid.
     In the first half of 2025, service revenue from the top five customers accounted for 57.3% of the
     Group’s total service revenue, while the top ten customers contributed 65.0% of the total service
     revenue.

     As of June 30, 2025, the Group had 191 major clients with service revenue exceeding RMB6
     million in the past twelve months.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  51




Market
During the reporting period, the Group focused on industries such as power, finance, government
affairs, transportation, public utilities, and enterprise manufacturing, developing and promoting
industry-specific scenario-based solutions built on the HarmonyOS ecosystem and AI
technologies. In the domestic market, the Company prioritized layout in economically developed
regions such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta,
and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, as well as key hubs in central and western China. The
Company deepened our presence in major cities including Beijing, Shenzhen, Xi’an, Guangzhou,
Nanjing, Shanghai, and Chengdu, giving full play to the ad-vantages of our “spearhead + corps
+ headquarters” organizational structure to comprehensively advance the in-depth application
and supply of “AI+” solutions across various industries. In overseas markets, with Hong Kong
as a strategic hub, the Company adopted a dual-drive model of “technology going global +
ecosystem localization” to build a global service system covering the Asia-Pacific and Middle
East regions. In Hong Kong, the Company provided Kai Tak Sports Park with an integrated
smart venue solution including a smart center, physical security, passenger flow statistics, and
venue booking management; the Company undertook the CDIP project for the Hong Kong Police
Force and participated in the Hongkong Electric distribution zone pilot project. In Saudi Arabia,
the Company established a joint venture company JAT with 3F Technologies to serve the digital
infrastructure construction of NEOM, Saudi Arabia’s new future city. The Company continues
to serve global customers leveraging its capabilities in data platforms, cloud native, and AIGC,
consolidating its position as a benchmark in financial digital transformation in Hong Kong and
Southeast Asia, while accelerating the overseas expansion of finance, power, government cloud,
and the HarmonyOS ecosystem.
52   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Human Resources
     As of June 30, 2025, the total number of employees in the Group reached 75,249, compared to
     69,898 as of June 30, 2024, representing an increase of 7.7% YoY. During the reporting period,
     on the one hand, the company’s cornerstone businesses have steadily recovered, leading to an
     increased demand for human resource support. It is necessary to expand the team to undertake
     additional projects and ensure efficient service delivery; on the other hand, the rapid expansion of
     full-scenario AI businesses has resulted in a surge in demand for professional talents, making it
     urgent to recruit core personnel to support business development.

     Since its listing on the Growth Enterprise Market in 2003, the Group’s total personnel has
     changed as follows:



                                                                      Employment size

                                                                                                                                                         92,039
                                                                                                                                                                  82,140
                                                                                                                                                75,956                              75,075            75,249
                                                                                                                                                                           69,976            69,898
                                                                                                                                62,495 61,380

                                                                                                                       50,823
                                                                                                              47,188


                                                                                                     31,504
                                                                                            25,856
                                                                                   23,607
                                                                          18,946
                                                                 14,496
                                                        10,940
                                                7,759
                                  4,363 4,816
          238   477   1,055 2,382

          2003A 2004A 2005A 2006A 2007A 2008A 2009A 2010A 2011A 2012A 2013A 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017A 2018A 2019A 2020A 2021A 2022A 2023A 2024A                                                Jun e
                                                                                                                                                                                        202 End
                                                                                                                                                                                           5 Ju
                                                                                                                                                                                     202 4      ne End
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                         53




Operating Results
The following is the Group’s consolidated comprehensive income statement for the first half of
2024 and 2025 (unaudited):

                                                2025                                 2024
                                                              % of                                 % of
                                     For the       % of     Service       For the       % of     Service
                                   first half   Revenue    Revenue      first half   Revenue    Revenue
                                  RMB’000                              RMB’000

Revenue                           8,506,642         N/A        N/A     7,926,183         N/A        N/A
Service revenue                   8,248,232         N/A        N/A     7,647,920         N/A        N/A
Cost of sales and services       (6,631,744)     (78.0%)    (80.4%)   (6,094,783)     (76.9%)    (79.7%)

Gross profit                      1,874,898       22.0%      22.7%     1,831,400       23.1%      23.9%
Other income                         97,907        1.2%       1.2%        94,577        1.2%       1.2%
Other gains or losses                85,785        1.0%       1.0%       104,890        1.3%       1.4%
Selling and distribution costs     (426,462)      (5.0%)     (5.2%)     (425,950)      (5.4%)     (5.6%)
Other expenses                      (52,363)      (0.6%)     (0.6%)      (44,638)      (0.6%)     (0.6%)
Administrative expenses          (1,118,980)     (13.2%)    (13.6%)   (1,113,278)     (14.0%)    (14.6%)
Finance costs                       (61,329)      (0.7%)     (0.7%)      (99,837)      (1.3%)     (1.3%)
Impairment losses under
  expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                   (19,017)      (0.2%)     (0.2%)      (15,455)      (0.2%)     (0.2%)
Share of results of
  investments accounted for
  using the equity method           (29,964)      (0.4%)     (0.4%)      (34,684)      (0.4%)     (0.5%)
Loss from derecognition of
  financial assets measured
  at amortised cost                  (1,529)      (0.0%)     (0.0%)       (1,191)      (0.0%)     (0.0%)

Profit before taxation             348,946         4.1%       4.2%      295,834         3.7%       3.9%
Income tax expense                 (33,915)       (0.4%)     (0.4%)     (10,481)       (0.1%)     (0.1%)

Profit for the period              315,031        3.7%        3.8%      285,353        3.6%        3.7%
Profit attributable to owners
  of the Company                   315,563        3.7%        3.8%      285,720        3.6%        3.7%
Adjusted profit                    277,093        3.3%        3.4%      247,534        3.1%        3.2%
54   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Revenue
     In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved revenue of RMB8,506.642 million (first half of 2024:
     RMB7,926.183 million), representing an increase of 7.3% compared to the same period last
     year. In the first half of 2025, service revenue was RMB8,248.232 million (first half of 2024:
     RMB7,647.920 million), representing an increase of 7.8% compared to the same period last
     year. During the reporting period, the company’s business showed a diversified positive trend:
     the cornerstone business stabilized and rebounded, with steady revenue growth from core major
     customers; meanwhile, the full-scenario AI business became a new growth engine, achieving
     revenue of approximately RMB656 million, a significant year-on-year increase of 130%.

     Gross profit
     In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved a gross profit of RMB1,874.898 million (first half
     of 2024: RMB1,831.400 million), representing an increase of 2.4% compared to the same
     period last year. During the reporting period, the growth in gross profit was mainly driven by the
     significant contribution from the full-scenario AI business. The Group’s overall gross profit margin
     in the first half of 2025 was 22.0% (first half of 2024: 23.1%), representing a decrease of 1.1%
     compared to the same period last year. In the first half of 2025, the Group’s gross profit as a
     percentage of service revenue was 22.7% (first half of 2024: 23.9%), representing a decrease
     of 1.2% compared to the same period last year. The decline in gross profit margin was mainly
     affected by price reductions from some of the Group’s major customers. However, the Company
     has effectively driven a sequential rebound in gross profit margin by increasing the proportion of
     full-scenario AI business and applying AI programming tools in projects. Compared with the gross
     profit margin of 21.2% in the second half of 2024, the gross profit margin in the reporting period
     rose by 0.8% sequentially. In the future, the Group will continue to improve the overall gross profit
     margin through the following measures:

     1.	 Continuously increase the proportion of full-scenario AI products and services: Leveraging
         the core competitiveness of root technologies and AI platform products, provide safer,
         independent, controllable, and intelligent hardware and software products and solutions
         for various industries. By continuously deepening engagement and rapidly promoting these
         offerings in industries, the overall gross profit margin will be improved;

     2.	 Enhance delivery efficiency: Promote the use of AI tools in the delivery process and optimize
         the efficiency of resource input to boost the gross profit margin.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                       55




Operating Expenses
In the first half of 2025, selling and distribution costs were RMB426.462 million (first half of 2024:
RMB425.950 million), representing an increase of 0.1% compared to the same period last year.
In the first half of 2025, selling and distribution costs accounted for 5.0% of revenue (first half of
2024: 5.4%), representing a decrease of 0.4% compared to the same period last year. During the
reporting period, the Company focused on its core markets, deepened regional operations, and
explored incremental markets through continuous intensive cultivation. Meanwhile, it emphasized
improving team capabilities, gave full play to ecological synergy, and optimized resource
allocation. In addition, the company developed an AI sales assistant through the R1-AgentDIM
platform, which enhanced the work efficiency of the Group’s sales personnel. Under the premise
of revenue growth, it effectively controlled the demand for additional sales staff.

In the first half of 2025, administrative expenses were RMB1,118.980 million (first half of 2024:
RMB1,113.278 million), representing an increase of 0.5% compared to the same period last
year. In the first half of 2025, administrative expenses accounted for 13.2% of revenue (first
half of 2024: 14.0%), representing a decrease of 0.8% compared to the same period last year.
During the reporting period, the Company significantly improved the management efficiency
of the recruitment and operation departments by strengthening budget management and
applying self-developed AI tools such as recruitment and operation Agents, thereby reducing the
administrative expense ratio.

Looking ahead, the Company will continue to rely on self-developed Agent products to optimize
the operational efficiency of the overall sales, R&D, and functional systems, and further improve
the operating profit margin.

Other Income
In the first half of 2025, other income was RMB97.907 million (first half of 2024: RMB94.577
million), representing an increase of 3.5% compared to the same period last year. The growth was
mainly driven by a year-on-year increase in government subsidies during the reporting period,
which was partially offset by a decrease in interest income. Under the combined effect, other
income achieved a slight growth.

Other Gains or Losses
In the first half of 2025, other gains were RMB85.785 million (first half of 2024: RMB104.890
million), representing a decrease of 18.2% compared to the same period last year. The decrease
in other gains was mainly due to the fact that investment income from the disposal of equity in
some associate companies was recognized in 2024, while no similar transactions occurred in the
current reporting period.
56   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Finance Costs and Income Tax
     In the first half of 2025, finance costs were RMB61.329 million (first half of 2024: RMB99.837
     million), representing a decrease of 38.6% compared to the same period last year. Finance costs
     accounted for 0.7% of revenue (first half of 2024:1.3%), a decrease of 0.6% compared to the
     same period last year. The decrease in financial expenses was mainly affected by the following
     factors: first, the interest expenses on syndicated loans decreased during the reporting period;
     second, a one-time expense was incurred in the first half of 2024 due to the early repayment of
     syndicated loans.

     In the first half of 2025, income tax expense was RMB33.915 million (first half of 2024:
     RMB10.481 million), representing an increase of 223.6% compared to the same period last year.
     The effective tax rate during the reporting period was 9.7%, which was 6.2% higher than 3.5% in
     the same period of the previous year. The increase in income tax was mainly due to the impact of
     the final settlement of income tax for the previous year, as well as the recognition of deferred tax
     expenses arising from the gains on fair value changes of financial assets measured at fair value.

     Other Non-Cash Expenses
     In the first half of 2025, other expenses were RMB52.363 million (first half of 2024: RMB44.638
     million), representing an increase of 17.3% compared to the same period last year. Other
     expenses accounted for 0.6% of revenue, remaining the same as in the same period last year.

     In the first half of 2025, impairment losses under the expected credit loss model, net of reversal,
     were RMB19.017 million (first half of 2024: RMB15.455 million), representing an increase of
     23.0% compared to the same period last year. Impairment losses under the expected credit loss
     model, net of reversal, accounted for 0.2% of revenue, remaining the same as in the same period
     last year.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                     57




Working Capital, Financial and Capital Resource
In the first half of 2025, the Group had a total available cash balance (the sum of bank balances
and cash, term deposits, and pledged bank deposits) of RMB2,936.842 million (End of 2024:
RMB4,747.142 million).

In the first half of 2025, the Group’s net current assets were RMB7,470.686 million (End of 2024:
RMB6,687.092 million). The current ratio (the ratio of current assets to current liabilities) in the
first half of 2025 was 2.3, compared to 2.1 in 2024, representing an increase of 0.2.

In the first half of 2025, the Group’s borrowings were RMB4,436.629 million (End of 2024:
RMB4,416.097 million). The net gearing ratio is calculated based on the borrowings (borrowings
and convertible bonds less available cash (the sum of bank balances and cash, term deposits,
and pledged bank deposits)) divided by total equity. In the first half of 2025, the Group’s net
gearing ratio was 12.8% (as of the end of 2024: the net gearing ratio was negative).

Profit for the Period and Earnings Per Share (EPS)
In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved a profit for the period of RMB315.031 million (first
half of 2024: RMB285.353 million), representing an increase of 10.4% compared to the same
period last year. The growth in profit was mainly attributed to the initial success of the Group’s
AI transformation in improving quality and efficiency during the reporting period. The profit for
the period in the first half of 2025 accounted for 3.7% of revenue (first half of 2024: 3.6%),
representing an increase of 0.1% compared to the same period last year. The profit for the
period in the first half of 2025 accounted for 3.8% of service revenue (first half of 2024: 3.7%),
representing an increase of 0.1% compared to the same period last year.

In the first half of 2025, the profit attributable to owners of the Group was RMB315.563 million
(first half of 2024: RMB285.720 million), representing an increase of 10.4% compared to the same
period last year.

Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Group, the basic earnings per share in the
first half of 2025 were calculated to be RMB12.64 cents (first half of 2024: RMB10.93 cents),
representing an increase of 15.6% compared to the same period last year. The growth in basic
earnings per share was attributed to the Company’s emphasis on shareholder returns through
share repurchases and cancellations.
58   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Adjusted Profit
     In order to provide shareholders with supplementary information reflecting the company’s
     sustainable operational capacity and operating efficiency in its main business, on the basis of
     disclosing the profit for the period in accordance with HKFRSs, the company supplements the
     disclosure of the adjusted profit. The adjusted profit does not have a standardised meaning
     prescribed by HKFRSs and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by
     other companies. The following table shows the calculation process of the adjusted profit and the
     reconciliation process from adjusted profit to profit for the period:

                                                                          Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                2025          2024
                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

     Gross profit                                                           1,874,898       1,831,400
     Selling and distribution costs                                          (426,462)       (425,950)
     Administrative expenses
       (including research and development costs)                          (1,118,980)      (1,113,278)
     Amortisation of intangible assets
       (included in other expenses)                                            (52,363)        (44,638)

     Adjusted profit                                                          277,093          247,534
     Other income                                                              97,907           94,577
     Other gains or losses                                                     85,785          104,890
     Finance costs                                                            (61,329)         (99,837)
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
       net of reversal                                                         (19,017)        (15,455)
     Share of results of investments accounted for using the
       equity method                                                           (29,964)        (34,684)
     Loss from derecognition of financial assets measured
       at amortised cost Impairment losses under expected
       credit loss model, net of reversal                                       (1,529)         (1,191)

     Profit before taxation                                                   348,946          295,834
     Income tax expense                                                       (33,915)         (10,481)

     Profit for the period                                                    315,031          285,353

     In the first half of 2025, the Group implemented strategic initiatives, precise execution, and
     proactive efficiency enhancement measures to achieve a significant enhancement in profitability.
     After reducing selling and distribution costs, administrative expenses, research and development
     costs, and amortization of intangible assets from gross profit, the Group achieved an adjusted
     profit of RMB277.093 million (first half of 2024: RMB247.534 million), representing an increase of
     11.9% compared to the same period last year. The adjusted profit margin for the first half of 2025
     was 3.3% (first half of 2024: 3.1%), representing an increase of 0.2% compared to the same
     period last year. Based on service revenue, the adjusted profit margin stood at 3.4% (first half of
     2024: 3.2%), representing an increase of 0.2% compared to the same period last year.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  59




FUND RAISING ACTIVITIES
During the current and last year, no fund raising activities had been conducted by the Group. The
details of the fund raising activity which had been conducted by the Group with unused proceeds
is summarised as below:

On 4 October 2021, the Company entered into the placing agreement with the placing agent,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, to procure not less than six placees on a best efforts basis to
purchase up to an aggregate of 162,000,000 placing shares at the placing price of HK$12.26 per
placing share.
60   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The placing shares were allotted on 12 October 2021 under the general mandate granted to the
     Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 18 May 2021. The net proceeds
     from the placing is approximately HK$1,970 million (after deduction of commission and other
     expenses of the placing). The intended use and actual use of the proceeds are as follow:

                                                                                    The amount of the
                                                                                    remaining net
     Net proceeds       Intended use of               Actual use of                 proceeds as at    Expected time
     allocation         the proceeds                  the proceeds                  30 June 2025      of utilisation
                                                                                                      (Note)

     Approximately      For the research and          Approximately HK$788          –                   –
       HK$788 million     development of full-stack     million were used
                          cloud smart products          for the research and
                          and solutions, as well as     development of full-stack
                          investments and mergers       cloud smart products
                          and acquisitions related      and solutions, as well as
                          to the Company’s main         investments and mergers
                          business                      and acquisitions related
                                                        to the Company’s main
                                                        business

     Approximately      For developing hardware       Approximately HK$394        Approximately         Before
       HK$788 million     and software products         million were used for       HK$394              31 December 2025
                          and solutions for             developing hardware and     million to be for
                          HarmonyOS and                 software products and       the
                          OpenHarmony,                  solutions for HarmonyOS     intended use
                          the research and              and OpenHarmony,
                          development of full-stack     the research and
                          technologies required for     development of full-stack
                          atomic services, making       technologies required for
                          investments and mergers       atomic services, making
                          and acquisitions around       investments and mergers
                          the HarmonyOS and             and acquisitions around
                          OpenHarmony industrial        the HarmonyOS and
                          ecology                       OpenHarmony industrial
                                                        ecology

     Approximately      For general working capital   Approximately HK$394         –                    –
       HK$394 million     of the Company                million were used for
                                                        general working capital of
                                                        the Company

     Note:    The expected time frame for fully applying the unutilised proceeds is based on the best
              estimation of the future market conditions and strategic development made by the Group,
              which may be subject to changes and adjustments based on the future development of market
              conditions.
                                                                                                      61




INTERIM RESULTS
The board of Directors (the “Board”) of Chinasoft International Limited (the “Company”) is pleased
to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 with corresponding figures as follows:

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(UNAUDITED)
                                                                          For the six months
                                                                            ended 30 June
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                          Notes          RMB’000          RMB’000
Revenue                                                    4             8,506,642       7,926,183
Cost of sales and services                                              (6,631,744)     (6,094,783)

Gross profit                                                             1,874,898       1,831,400
Other income                                                                97,907          94,577
Other gains or losses                                                       85,785         104,890
Selling and distribution costs                                            (426,462)       (425,950)
Other expenses                                                             (52,363)        (44,638)
Administrative expenses                                                 (1,118,980)     (1,113,278)
Finance costs                                              5               (61,329)        (99,837)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
   net of reversal                                                         (19,017)        (15,455)
Share of results of investments accounted for using the
   equity method                                                           (29,964)        (34,684)
Loss from derecognition of financial assets measured at
   amortised cost                                                           (1,529)         (1,191)

Profit before taxation                                                    348,946         295,834
Income tax expense                                         6              (33,915)        (10,481)

Profit for the period                                                     315,031         285,353

Other comprehensive expense
Exchange differences arising on transaction
  of foreign operations                                                     9,056           (2,420)

Total comprehensive income for the period                                 324,087         282,933
Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                   315,563         285,720
  Non-controlling interests                                                  (532)           (367)

                                                                          315,031         285,353

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   Owners of the Company                                                  324,619         283,300
   Non-controlling interests                                                 (532)           (367)

                                                                          324,087         282,933

Earnings per share                                         8
  – Basic (cents)                                                           12.64            10.93

  – Diluted (cents)                                                         12.05            10.56
62   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED)




                                                     (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                           2025            2024
                                             Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000

     Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                   1,409,375       1,341,755
      Right-of-use assets                               680,251         722,936
      Intangible assets                                 382,518         377,431
      Goodwill                                          843,654         843,654
      Investments accounted for using
        the equity method                               440,244         445,327
      Financial assets at fair value                    660,553         503,553
      Other receivables                                   2,410           5,584
      Term deposits                                     760,000       1,384,000
      Pledged bank deposits                              18,949          15,655
      Deferred tax assets                                 2,434           2,166

                                                      5,200,388       5,642,061

     Current assets
      Inventories                                       238,579          61,297
      Trade and other receivables             9       7,968,818       6,458,917
      Bills receivable                                   87,239          73,205
      Contract assets                                 2,174,950       2,292,057
      Financial assets at fair value                    544,153         401,007
      Derivative financial assets                             –           5,441
      Amount due from related companies                 168,120         150,845
      Term deposits                                     829,000         129,240
      Pledged bank deposits                              38,037          87,258
      Bank balances and cash                          1,290,856       3,130,989

                                                     13,339,752      12,790,256

     Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                10      1,845,267       1,976,013
      Bills payable                                      23,546          52,233
      Lease liabilities                                  91,650         103,713
      Contract liabilities                              134,909         136,119
      Amounts due to related companies                   30,323          29,791
      Taxation payable                                  141,147         164,543
      Borrowings                              11      3,599,918       3,640,752
      Derivative financial liabilities                    2,306               –

                                                      5,869,066       6,103,164

     Net current assets                               7,470,686       6,687,092

     Total assets less current liabilities           12,671,074      12,329,153
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED)                  63




                                            (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                               30 June    31 December
                                                  2025            2024
                                    Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                       34,713          25,482
 Lease liabilities                              38,782          62,005
 Borrowings                          11        836,711         775,345
 Derivative financial liabilities               27,827          27,827

                                               938,033         890,659

                                            11,733,041      11,438,494


Capital and reserves
 Share capital                       12        123,434         123,434
 Share premium                               4,296,705       4,435,962
 Treasury shares                              (864,400)       (991,060)
 Reserves                                    8,155,315       7,847,639

Equity attributable to owners
  of the Company                            11,711,054      11,415,975
Non-controlling interests                       21,987          22,519

Total equity                                11,733,041      11,438,494
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          64

                                                                                                                     Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                   through                  Equity-
                                                                                                                      other                  settled                       Statutory   Statutory
                                                                                                              comprehensive            share-based           General      enterprise     surplus                                    Non-
                                                               Share        Share       Treasury        Other       income Translation    payment            reserve      expansion      reserve Accumulated                  controlling
                                                              capital    premium          shares     reserves       reserve   reserve       reserve             fund            fund        fund      profits       Total       interests       Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2024                                             133,029    5,474,719     (1,114,363)   (122,769)     (13,834)      (24,137)      268,500           15,793      26,749     355,695     6,743,079   11,742,461        24,299    11,766,760


Profit for the period                                               –             –             –           –            –             –              –               –            –          –       285,720     285,720           (367)     285,353
Other comprehensive (expenses) income for the period                –             –             –           –            –        (2,420)             –               –            –          –             –      (2,420)             –       (2,420)

Total comprehensive income (expenses) for the period                –             –             –           –            –        (2,420)             –               –            –          –       285,720     283,300           (367)     282,933

Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses          –             –            –            –            –             –       107,861                –            –          –             –      107,861             –       107,861
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                          (6,057)    (557,158)            –            –            –             –              –               –            –          –             –     (563,215)            –      (563,215)
Vesting of share awards                                             –       (14,863)     110,270            –            –             –        (95,407)              –            –          –             –            –             –             –
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders                             –     (190,683)            –            –            –             –              –               –            –          –             –     (190,683)            –      (190,683)

At 30 June 2024                                               126,972    4,712,015     (1,004,093)   (122,769)     (13,834)      (26,557)      280,954           15,793      26,749     355,695     7,028,799   11,379,724        23,932    11,403,656


At 1 January 2025                                             123,434    4,435,962      (991,060)    (122,769)     (13,834)      (32,609)      303,439           15,793      26,749     397,121     7,273,749   11,415,975        22,519    11,438,494


Profit for the period                                               –             –             –           –            –             –              –               –            –          –       315,563     315,563           (532)     315,031
Other comprehensive (expenses) income for the period                –             –             –           –            –         9,056              –               –            –          –             –       9,056              –        9,056

Total comprehensive income (expenses) for the period                –             –             –           –            –         9,056              –               –            –          –       315,563     324,619           (532)     324,087

Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses          –            –             –            –            –             –        92,656                –            –          –             –       92,656             –        92,656
Vesting of share awards                                             –      (17,061)      126,660            –            –             –      (109,599)               –            –          –             –            –             –             –
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders                             –     (122,196)            –            –            –             –             –                –            –          –             –     (122,196)            –      (122,196)

At 30 June 2025                                               123,434    4,296,705      (864,400)    (122,769)     (13,834)      (23,553)      286,496           15,793      26,749     397,121     7,589,312   11,711,054        21,987    11,733,041
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (UNAUDITED)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)                                       65




                                                             Six months ended
                                                                  30 June
                                                                2025         2024
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

Net cash used in operating activities                       (990,209)     (686,433)

Net cash used in investing activities                       (653,449)     (910,800)

Net cash generated from financial activities                (191,291)     (332,717)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                  (1,834,949)   (1,929,950)

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        (5,184)      (16,589)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period   3,130,989     3,788,110

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period         1,290,856     1,841,571
66   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
          The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman
          Islands on 16 February 2000 under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated
          and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company were listed on the Growth
          Enterprise Market of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with
          effect from 20 June 2003. On 29 December 2008, the listing of the shares of the Company was
          transferred to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

          The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
          functional currency of the Company.

          The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its
          subsidiaries (the “Group”) are development and provision of information technology (“IT”) solutions
          services, IT outsourcing services and training services.

     2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION
          The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
          with the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
          Securities (“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) and
          with the Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the
          Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).

     3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
          except for certain financial instruments, which are measured at their fair values.

          The accounting policies used in these condensed consolidated financial statements are consistent
          with those followed in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of new standards and interpretations effective
          as at 1 January 2025.

          The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS issued by the HKICPA for the first time
          in the current interim period.

          Amendments to HKAS 21              Lack of Exchangeability

          The adoption of the new and revised HKFRS did not have any significant effect on the unaudited
          condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   67



4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                             For the six months
                                                                               ended 30 June
                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

     Nature of goods and services
      Provision of services
         Project-based development services                                  914,902         1,125,174
         Outsourcing services                                              7,238,584         6,418,172
         Others                                                               94,746           104,574

                                                                           8,248,232         7,647,920
       Sales of software and hardware products                               258,410           278,263

                                                                           8,506,642         7,926,183


                                                                             For the six months
                                                                               ended 30 June
                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

     Timing of revenue recognition
       Over time                                                           8,248,232         7,647,920
       At a point in time                                                    258,410           278,263

                                                                           8,506,642         7,926,183

     Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for goods sold and services rendered
     during the period.

     Segment information
     In response to the paradigm shift driven by AI technology, the Group has unswervingly advanced
     the full-scenario AI strategy and restructured its organisational framework, breaking away from the
     previous operating segment (TPG and IIG) and integrating and resetting its resource allocation and
     performance evaluation systems. The chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”) now evaluate
     the Group’s business performance as a single integrated business. As a result, the Group now has
     only one operating segment and no segment information is presented.
68   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     5.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                           ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

          Interest on borrowings                                                          58,420             96,377
          Interest of lease liabilities                                                    2,910              3,460


                                                                                          61,329             99,837


     6.   TAXATION
                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                           ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

          Tax charge comprises:
            PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                     21,450               8,281
            Others                                                                         3,495               2,200
            Deferred Tax                                                                   8,970                   –


                                                                                          33,915             10,481


          PRC Enterprise Income Tax is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant districts of the PRC.

          Taxation for other jurisdictions are calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   69



7.   DIVIDEND
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025, a final dividend of HK$0.0533 per ordinary share from
     share premium account of the Company in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023:
     HK$0.0811) was declared to the owners of the Company and paid on 23 June 2025. The aggregate
     amount of the final dividend declared during the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to
     HK$133,325,528 (2024: HK$209,703,225).

     The directors of the Company have resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 (2024: Nil).

8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity
     holders of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                             For the six months
                                                                               ended 30 June
                                                                                2025           2024
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

     Earnings for the purposes of calculating basic
       earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                     315,563           285,720

                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                              2025           2024

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
      the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share            2,497,482,058      2,614,104,739

     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share award scheme                                              120,893,564         92,010,310

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
      the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share          2,618,375,622      2,706,115,049

     The number of shares adopted in the calculation of the basic earnings per share has been arrived at
     after eliminating the shares of the Company held under the Company’s share award scheme.
70   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     9.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Trade receivables, net of allowance                                   7,130,716        5,998,723

          Advances to suppliers                                                   488,169          205,284
          Deposits, prepayments and other receivables,
           net of allowance                                                       352,343          260,494

                                                                                7,971,228        6,464,501


          Analysed for reporting purposes as:
            Non-current assets                                                      2,410            5,584
            Current assets                                                      7,968,818        6,458,917

                                                                                7,971,228        6,464,501


          Included in the non-current assets are other receivables representing the refundable lease deposit
          for the rental office.

          The credit terms of the Group range from 30 to 180 days. An aged analysis of trade receivables
          (net of allowance), presented based on the dates of invoices for sales of goods and services for
          projected-based development contracts, and dates of rendering of other types of services at the
          end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Within 90 days                                                        4,726,848        4,243,934
          Between 91 – 180 days                                                   813,408          711,423
          Between 181 – 365 days                                                1,026,989          647,626
          Between 1 – 2 years                                                     563,471          395,740

                                                                                7,130,716        5,998,723


          Before accepting any new customer, the Group assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and
          defines credit limits by each customer. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed each time.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    71



10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

   Trade payables                                                          802,186               930,191
   Other payables                                                        1,043,081             1,045,822
                                                                                      •••




                                                                         1,845,267             1,976,013


   An aged analysis of trade payables, presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting
   period is as follows:

                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

   Within 90 days                                                          174,710               520,624
   Between 91-180 days                                                      96,424               111,743
   Between 181-365 days                                                    315,028               126,724
   Between 1-2 years                                                        84,020                77,046
   Over 2 years                                                            132,004                94,054
                                                                                      •••




                                                                           802,186               930,191


   The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days. The Group has financial risk
   management policies in place to ensure that sufficient working capital is maintained to meet its
   obligations when they fall due.

   The fair value of the Group’s trade and other payables at 30 June 2025 was approximately equal to
   the corresponding carrying amount.
72   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     11. BORROWINGS
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

        Unsecured bank loans (Note (i) and (ii))                     3,924,616        3,979,365
        Secured bank loans (Note (iii) and (iv))                       512,013          436,732

                                                                     4,436,629        4,416,097


                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

        Carrying amount repayable:
         Within one year                                             3,599,918        3,640,752
         Within a period of more than one year but not more than
            two years                                                         –               –
         Within a period of more than two years but not more than
            five years                                                 397,000          398,000
         Within a period of more than five years                       439,711          377,345

                                                                     4,436,629        4,416,097

        Less: Amounts due within one year shown under
             current liabilities                                     (3,599,918)     (3,640,752)

        Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                    836,711          775,345


                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

        Total borrowings
          At floating interest rates – under an instalment loan
            facility (Note (i) and (ii))                             1,228,200        1,243,786
          At floating interest rates – secured bank loans
            (Note (iii) and (v))                                       439,711          377,345
          At floating interest rates – others (Note (i) and (v))             –           50,000
          At fixed interest rates – others (Note (i) and (vi))       2,696,415        2,685,579
          At fixed interest rates – secured bank loans
            (Note (iv) and (vi))                                        72,302           59,387

                                                                     4,436,628        4,416,097
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   73



11. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
   Notes:

   (i)   Guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company.

   (ii) During 2022 and 2023, the Company raised loans of HK$3,000 million in two tranches
        from its loan facility with a group of financial institutions. The total loans represent 100% of
        commitments under the facility agreement and are repayable by instalments as to 5%, 10%,
        15% and 70%, respectively, in June 2024, December 2024, June 2025, and December 2025.
        The contracted interest rate is the applicable Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”)
        plus 1.3% per annum. Under the terms of the facility agreement, the Company is required to
        comply with financial covenants to maintain a consolidated tangible net worth of no less than
        RMB3,800 million, and certain ratios of (1) consolidated EBITDA to consolidated financial
        expenses, (2) consolidated total net debt to consolidated EBITDA, and (3) cash dividend to
        distributable profits of the Company. The Group has complied with the relevant covenants
        during the reporting period. The first two instalments representing 15% of the loans, or HK$450
        million has been repaid in 2024. The third instalment and partial of the residual one instalment
        representing 40% of the loans, or HK$1,200 million has been early repaid in 2024.

   (iii) During 2024, a subsidiary of the Group entered into a loan facility agreement with a total
         amount of RMB660 million with a commercial bank and raised loans of RMB440 million in 2024
         and 2025. The loans are repayable in October 2034 and were secured by a leasehold land
         amounting to approximately RMB131,492,000.

   (iv) Bill receivables with a net carrying value of RMB72,302,000 (2024: RMB59,387,000) are
        pledged to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group.

   (v) Interests on floating interest rates borrowings are charged at interest rates announced by the
       People’s Bank of China. The average interest rate is 1.40% (2024: 1.89%) per annum as at 30
       June 2025.

   (vi) Interests on fixed interest rates borrowings are charged at interest rate from to 1.15%-2.60%
        (2024: 0.55%-2.60%) per annum as at 30 June 2025.
74   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     12. SHARE CAPITAL
        Ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each:
                                                                        Number            Nominal
                                                                       of shares          amount
                                                                                             HK$
        Authorised

        At 1 January 2024, 30 June 2024, 1 January 2025
          and 30 June 2025                                         4,000,000,000      200,000,000


                                                                                          Amount
                                                                                     shown in the
                                                     Number of           Nominal         financial
                                                        shares           amount       statements
                                                                            HK$         RMB’000

        Issued and fully paid

        At 1 January 2024                        2,943,299,358       147,164,969          133,029
        Cancellation of repurchased shares        (133,546,000)       (6,677,300)          (6,057)

        At 30 June 2024                          2,809,753,358       140,487,669          126,972


        At 31 December 2024,
          1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025        2,732,079,358       136,603,969          123,434


     13. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

        Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in
          the consolidated financial statements
          – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     5,237         17,058
          – construction of property, plant and equipment                  375,783        438,150

                                                                           381,020        455,208


        In addition, as at 30 June 2025, the Group is committed to contributions of further capital
        amounting to RMB248,008,000 (2024: RMB269,767,000) under the relevant agreements for its
        investments in entities accounted for using equity method and using fair value.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                               75



14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   During the relevant periods in 2024 and 2025, the Group had the following transactions with the
   following related parties:

                                                                          For the six months
                                                                            ended 30 June
                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000

   Provision of IT outsourcing services by the Group                       19,589             4,604


   Provision of IT solution services by the Group                            2,712            2,388


   Provision of other services by the Group                                    424            1,801


   The Directors are of the opinion that the above transactions were conducted under normal
   commercial terms in the usual course of business of the Company.

15. EMPLOYEE AND OTHER INFORMATION
   The total employee benefits expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB7,010,805,000
   including the directors’ emoluments of approximately RMB18,437,000 during the six months ended
   30 June 2025 (2024: approximately RMB6,526,599,000, including the directors’ emoluments of
   approximately RMB22,389,000).

   The amortisation charge of intangible assets and depreciation during the six months ended 30 June
   2025 of the Group amounted to approximately RMB52,363,000 (2024: RMB44,638,000) and
   approximately RMB101,796,000 (2024: RMB130,436,000), respectively.
76   OTHER INFORMATION




     THE CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board of directors of the Company believes that corporate governance is essential to the
     success of the Company and has adopted various measures to ensure that a high standard
     of corporate governance is maintained to safeguard the interests of shareholders, customers,
     service vendors, employees and other stakeholders. The code provisions in the Corporate
     Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules have served as
     guideposts for the Company to follow in its implementation of corporate governance measures.

     In the opinion of the Board, the Group has complied with the CG Code from 1 January 2025 to 30
     June 2025, except for the following deviations as explained:

     Code Provision C.1.6
     Under Code provision C.1.6, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
     directors, as equal board members, should give the Board and any committees on which they
     serve the benefit of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications through
     regular attendance and active participation. They should also attend general meetings to gain
     and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Due to other business
     commitment, three independent non-executive Directors and two non-executive Directors were
     unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 May 2025 in Hong Kong
     (the “2024 AGM”).

     Code Provision C.2.1
     Under Code provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separated
     and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between
     the chairman and chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing. Dr. Chen
     Yuhong currently assumes the roles of both the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of
     the Company. The Board believes that by holding both roles, Dr. Chen will be able to provide
     the Group with strong and consistent leadership, and it allows for more effective and efficient
     business planning and decisions as well as execution of long-term business strategies of the
     Group. As such, the structure is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group.

     The Board will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the
     conduct and growth of its business and to review such practices from time to time to ensure that
     they comply with statutory and professional standards and align with the latest developments.

     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
     Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules on terms no less
     exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding
     securities transactions by Directors. In response to a specific enquiry by the Company, all
     Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code
     regarding securities transactions by Directors throughout the period ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                               2025
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                  77




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at 30 June 2025, the following Directors had interests in the shares and underlying shares of
the Company and shares in an associated corporation (as defined in Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) of the Company as
set out below and recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by directors of listed issuers.

Long positions in shares of HK$0.05 each in the capital of the Company (“Shares”)
                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                    % of total
                                                                                        issued
                                                                                ordinary share
                                                               Number of                  as at
                                                          issued ordinary             30 June
Name                  Capacity                                shares held                 2025

Chen Yuhong           Beneficial owner, through               315,488,861              11.55%
                        controlled corporation,                   (Note 1)
                        founder of discretionary trust
                        and beneficiary of trust

He Ning               Beneficial owner and                       6,000,000               0.22%
                        beneficiary of trust                       (Note 2)

Tang Zhenming         Beneficial owner and                     24,891,765                0.91%
                        beneficiary of trust                      (Note 3)

Zhang Yaqin           Beneficial owner                             250,000               0.01%

Yeung Tak Bun         Beneficial owner and                       1,000,000               0.04%
                        beneficiary of trust                       (Note 4)




                2025
78   OTHER INFORMATION



     Notes:

     (1) Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, on 1 June 2020, there were 16,600,000 awarded shares
         granted to Dr. Chen Yuhong and held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of
         Communications Trustee Limited, of which 5,600,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred
         to Dr. Chen during May 2021, 5,500,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2022 and
         transferred to Dr. Chen during July 2022, 1,650,000 awarded shares were vested during June
         2023 and transferred to Dr. Chen during August 2023, 2,200,000 awarded shares were vested
         during April 2024 and transferred to Dr. Chen during May 2024. During the reporting period,
         1,650,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Chen during April 2025. In addition,
         on 30 August 2023, there were 9,996,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Chen Yuhong and held
         by the same trustee, of which no awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Chen during
         the reporting period. The remaining awarded shares will be vested by period based on future
         performance.

     (2) Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, on 30 August 2023, there are 5,000,000 awarded
         shares granted to Dr. He Ning and held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of
         Communications Trustee Limited, of which 660,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred
         to Dr. He during October 2024 and no awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. He
         during the reporting period. The remaining awarded shares will be vested by period based on future
         performance.

     (3) Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, on 1 June 2020, there were 7,200,000 shares are the awarded
         shares granted to Dr. Tang Zhenming and held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of
         Communications Trustee Limited, of which 1,440,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred to
         Dr. Tang during May 2021, 1,440,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2022 and transferred
         to Dr. Tang during July 2022, 432,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2023 and transferred
         to Dr. Tang during August 2023, 1,008,000 awarded shares were vested during April 2024 and
         transferred to Dr. Tang during May 2024. During the reporting period, 576,000 awarded shares were
         vested and transferred to Dr. Tang during April 2025. In addition, on 30 August 2023, there were
         5,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Tang Zhenming and held by the same trustee, of which no
         awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Tang during the reporting period. The remaining
         awarded shares will be vested by period based on future performance.

     (4) Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, on 30 August 2023, there are 1,000,000 awarded shares
         granted to Mr. Yeung Tak Bun J.P. and held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of
         Communications Trustee Limited, of which 200,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred to
         Mr. Yeung during October 2024 and no awarded shares were vested and transferred to Mr. Yeung
         during the reporting period. The remaining awarded shares will be vested by period based on future
         performance.

     Save as disclosed above and so far as was known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2025, none
     of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or shorts in the shares,
     debentures or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     he is taken or deemed to have under such provision of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant
     to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which were required,
     pursuant to the required standard of dealings by directors of listed issuers as referred to the
     Model Code, to be Company and the Stock Exchange.

                                                                                                    2025
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                   79




SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Company on 10
December 2018. The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
commencing on 10 December 2018. The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise
the contributions by certain selected employees (including directors) and to provide them
with incentives in order to retain them for continual operation and development of the Group,
and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The vesting of these
share awards is subject to the fulfilment of certain performance targets by the employees. The
performance targets are related to (i) financial parameters of the Group (such as the revenue,
profits and general financial condition of the Group); (ii) non-financial parameters of the Group
(such as the Group’s strategic objectives, operational targets and future development plan);
and/or (iii) individual performance indicators relevant to the directors and employees’ roles and
responsibilities. There is no scheme mandate or service provider sublimit applicable to the Share
Award Scheme. As the grant of Awarded Shares to Directors also forms part of their remuneration
packages under their respective service contracts with the Company, it is therefore exempt from
the reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule
14A.73(6) and Rule 14A.95 of the Listing Rules. Details of the Share Award Scheme are set out in
the announcement of the Company dated 10 December 2018.

On 1 June 2020, the Company had granted a total of 152,000,000 awards to certain Directors
and employees of the Company pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, of which 23,800,000
awards were granted to the Directors of the Company. The 152,000,000 awards represented
the value of approximately HK$604,960,000 with the closing price of HK$3.98 per share on the
date of grant. As at 30 June 2025, 27,008,000 awarded shares granted on 1 June 2020 were
unvested, representing 0.99% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025.

On 30 August 2023, the Company had granted a total of 145,460,000 awards to certain Directors
and employees of the Company pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, of which 20,996,000
awards were granted to the Directors of the Company. The 145,460,000 awards represented the
value of approximately HK$740,391,400 with the closing price of HK$5.09 per share on the date
of grant. As at 30 June 2025, 142,380,000 awarded shares granted on 30 August 2023 were
unvested, representing 5.21% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025.




                2025
80   OTHER INFORMATION



     Details of share awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the period ended 30 June
     2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                              Average
                                                                                                                        Closing Price
                                                                                                                        of the Shares
                                                                                                                         Immediately
                                                                                                                            before the
                                             Unvested                                                                          Date of                               Unvested
                                               Awards                                                                          Vesting                                 Awards
                                           Outstanding                             Awards        Awards                  (For Awards        Awards       Awards    Outstanding
                                                  as at                           Granted         Vested                       Vested     Cancelled      Lapsed           as at
     Name or Category          Date of       1 January                              During        During      Purchase          During       During       During       30 June
     of Grantees               Grant              2025    Vesting Period        the Period    the Period          Price the Period)      the Period   the Period          2025

     Chen Yuhong               1/6/2020      1,650,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2025            –     (1,650,000)           Nil     HK$5.7871            –            –              –
        (Executive Director)
     Tang Zhenming             1/6/2020      2,880,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2027            –       (576,000)           Nil     HK$5.7812            –            –      2,304,000
        (Executive Director)
     Five highest paid         1/6/2020        400,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2025            –       (400,000)*          Nil     HK$5.5785            –            –              –
        employees
        (excluding director)
     Other Employees           1/6/2020     52,010,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2027            –    (27,306,000)**         Nil     HK$5.5785            –            –     24,704,000

     Total                                  56,940,000                                  –    (29,932,000)                                        –            –     27,008,000


     Chen Yuhong               30/8/2023     9,996,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –            Nil           N/A            –            –      9,996,000
        (Executive Director)
     He Ning                   30/8/2023     4,340,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –            Nil           N/A            –            –      4,340,000
        (Executive Director)
     Tang Zhenming             30/8/2023     5,000,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –            Nil           N/A            –            –      5,000,000
        (Executive Director)
     Yeung Tak Bun             30/8/2023       800,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –            Nil           N/A            –            –        800,000
        (Independent
        Non-Executive
        Director)
     Five highest paid         30/8/2023             –    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –            Nil           N/A             –            –             –
        employees
        (excluding director)
     Other Employees           30/8/2023   122,244,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030            –             –            Nil           N/A             –            –   122,244,000

     Total                                 142,380,000                                  –              –                                         –            –    142,380,000

     *       400,000 awarded shares vested during the period were transferred to the selected employee after the
             period end.

     **      25,306,000 awarded shares vested during the period were transferred to the selected employee after the
             period end.



                                                                                                                                                                   2025
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                     81



Each of the awards represents a conditional right to receive one awarded share subject to certain
terms and conditions of the grant of such awards. The awarded shares will be settled by way
of existing issued shares of the Company held by the independent trustee of the Share Award
Scheme of the Company. During the period ended 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024, no shares
of the Company were required from open market by the independent trustee of the Company. As
at 30 June 2025, 230,662,326 shares (2024 same period: 241,432,414 shares) of the Company
were held by the independent trustee of the Company, representing 8.44% (2024 same period:
8.60%) of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES
Save as disclosed above, during the six months ended 30 June 2025 none of the Directors was
granted options to subscribe for shares of the Company and as at 30 June 2025 none of the
Directors had any rights to acquire shares in the Company.

R E Q U I R E D S TA N D A R D O F S E C U R I T I E S D E A L I N G S B Y
DIRECTORS
During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company had adopted a code of conduct for
directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings
set out in the Model Code. Having made specific enquiry with all the Directors, the Directors had
complied with the required standard of dealings and the code of conduct for directors’ securities
transactions during the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                 2025
82   OTHER INFORMATION




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     So far as was known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2025, the following persons (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests in the shares of the Company which
     were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2
     and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of
     the SFO were as follows:

     Long positions in Shares
                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                         % of
                                                                           Approximate           total issued
                                                                             number of     ordinary share of
     Name                                 Nature of interest                    Shares         the Company

     Bank of Communications Trustee       Trustee                           251,368,914               9.20%
       Limited (Note 1)
     UBS Group AG (Note 2)                Interest of controlled            138,992,423               5.09%
                                             corporations

     Notes:

     (1)      On 10 December 2018, the Company entered into a trust deed to appoint Bank of
              Communications Trustee Limited as trustee of the trust and to manage the trust fund and
              administer the Share Award Scheme of the Company. Details of the Share Award Scheme are
              set out in the section headed “Other Information” of this report.

     (2)      UBS Group AG is deemed to be interested in the long positions of 138,992,423 shares in the
              Company held by its wholly owned subsidiaries. Please refer to Form 2 – Corporate Substantial
              Shareholder Notice dated 27 June 2025 for further details of the shareholding structure.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, no other interest or short position in the Shares or
     underlying shares of the Company were recorded in the register required to be kept under section
     336 of the SFO.

     COMPETING INTERESTS
     As at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors or the management shareholders of the Company and
     their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business
     which competed or might compete with the business of the Group.




                                                                                                     2025
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                 83




AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 2 June 2003 and
amended its written terms of reference on 28 March 2012, 31 December 2015 and 9 January
2019 to comply with the requirements in the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit
Committee, a copy of which is posted on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange,
are in line with the provisions of the CG Code. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for
reviewing and supervising the Group’s financial reporting and internal control system.

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Audit Committee comprised three independent
non-executive Directors namely Professor Mo Lai Lan as the Chairman of the Audit Committee
and Dr. Lai Guangrong and Mr. Yeung Tak Bun J.P. as the members of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the Group’s interim result for the six months ended 30
June 2025 and has also discussed the internal control, the accounting principles and practices
adopted by the Group. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the interim result for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards and complied with the Listing Rules and the statutory requirements and that adequate
disclosures have been made in the interim report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S
LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the publicly available information and to the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
information and belief, the Company has maintained sufficient public float for the six months
ended 30 June 2025.

                                                           On behalf of the Board
                                                             Dr. Chen Yuhong
                                                     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

25 August 2025, Hong Kong




                2025
