CONTENTS                                                                                                                                                                                          1




                                                                                                                                                                                           PAGE

Highlights  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .      2

Chairman’s Report .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                  3

Recent Business Developments  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                      10

Management Discussion and Analysis  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                               31

Interim Results
  – Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                                        42
  – Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                            43
  – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                             45
  – Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                     46
  – Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                                                                               47

Other Information  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .                58
2   HIGHLIGHTS




    Results for the first half of 2024
                                               For the six months
                                                 ended 30 June
                                                  2024             2023
    Income statement highlights             (unaudited)      (unaudited)           % Change
                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

    Revenue                                   7,926,183            8,450,060           (6.2%)

    Service revenue                           7,647,920            8,295,751           (7.8%)

    Profit for the period                       285,353             350,687           (18.6%)

    Profit attributable to Owners
      of the Company                            285,720             351,028           (18.6%)

    Basic EPS (RMB cents)                          10.93              12.44           (12.1%)

    •     The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months
          ended 30 June 2024.

    •     No closure for the Register of Members of the Company.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                       3



Dear Investor:

The year 2024 marks a pivotal year for the Group in fully embracing AIGC transformation and
is the inaugural year for the establishment of Chinasoft International Consulting, Industry Model
Training Field, and Model Factory. Against the backdrop of a grand narrative, the Group is
accelerating full-stack and full-scenario innovative practices in the “1+3” business domains, with
an increasingly clear strategic layout and progressively deep commercial design. We provide
broad CTSP cloud transformation services through our cloud intelligence foundation, reaching and
covering more valuable customers. On this foundation, we offer our value customers AIGC Model
Factory and Agent applications, HarmonyOS and AIoT intelligent IoT/digital twin applications,
enterprise application services, and digital transformation consulting and implementation,
focusing on industries such as energy, finance, government, public utilities, and manufacturing.
We comprehensively build “AI+” solutions deeply integrated into industry supply, achieving
continuous penetration into customers to capture more value shares. During the reporting period,
the Group achieved revenue of RMB7.926 billion and profits of RMB0.285 billion.

In alignment with our business formation advancements, the organizational structure of
“Spearhead-Legion-Stronghold” is also being solidified. Spearhead: The Group continues to
incubate spearhead expert teams and industry vanguards with leading technology IP capabilities.
We are also setting up multiple AI laboratories in various industries and fields, aiming for targeted
breakthroughs in original technology innovation. Legion: The Group’s legion organization is
focused on strengthening co-creation and expansion of industry baseline solutions, promoting the
productization of services, and enhancing integrated sales and service capabilities. The radiation
effect of lighthouse projects, developed in collaboration with key enterprises, has begun to
manifest. Stronghold: The large-scale, near-field delivery resource pool demonstrates advantages
in rapid response support, with professional capabilities and talent structures beginning to
transition towards higher-level AI fields. Our coordinated battle formation continues to advance
steadily and further.
4   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




    I.   Bridging the Last Mile of Large Model Applications
         With AI Full-Stack and All-Scenario Services
         The Group is fully committed to developing model factory services, focusing on leading
         enterprises in the manufacturing and energy sectors such as power, steel, and oil and
         gas. We enter top-level design through AI consulting and planning, solidifying software
         capabilities of domestic GPU computing power. Our efforts revolve around NLP, CV, and
         predictive applications, deeply integrating with industry clients, scenarios, and tasks. We
         provide services in model migration adaptation and deployment, operator optimization,
         model training, prompt engineering, and Agent development, promoting the release of
         computing power value through computing power operations, forming leading innovative
         practices. The Group has built industry scenario model training grounds and intelligent
         scientific innovation centers based on our self-established computing power centers.
         These serve as POC verification platforms for clients in sectors like power and finance,
         research institutions, and universities. We offer services such as large model pre-training
         experiments, scenario application verification, talent training, and industry datasets,
         providing developers with application development environments and comprehensive
         application incubation joint innovation support. We excel in providing last-mile services
         for AI for Science, AI for Education, and AI for Industry. The Group developed a diverse
         heterogeneous large model operation management system, offering refined management
         of computing power resources, including allocation, scheduling, monitoring, and billing,
         ensuring efficient utilization and stable operation of computing power resources. Our
         Lingxi “Ask” series AI Agent product solutions solidify our position in the Agent application
         ecosystem, building capabilities in intent understanding, planning reasoning, mining, and
         presentation. Our all-in-one machine products have passed the AI framework MindSpore
         compatibility technology certification. In addition, the Group has signed strategic
         cooperation agreements with major model manufacturers like iFlytek and Zhipu AI and
         has embarked on deep collaborations to jointly create a new landscape of empowering
         new quality productivity with large models.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                   5




II.   Leading the HarmonyOS Ecosystem Services with
      Deep Industry Enablement
      As a co-builder and key contributor to the HarmonyOS ecosystem, the Group is
      committed to developing an independently controllable intelligent IoT foundation and
      integrated software and hardware solutions based on the 1+1 (KaihongOS + Super
      Device Management Platform) strategy, focusing deeply on industries such as emergency
      firefighting, water conservancy, and transportation. The Group has partnered with
      the Shaanxi Provincial Fire Rescue Brigade to create the “Shaanxi Provincial Smart
      Firefighting Construction Project,” launching the nation’s first “Fire Harmony” solution to
      achieve dynamic perception, intelligent judgment, and precise prevention and control
      in the firefighting industry. We introduced a cutting-edge water conservancy solution
      integrating the “HarmonyOS AIoT Intelligent Perception Platform + HarmonyOS IoT
      Terminal Hardware Products + Kunpeng/Ascend Computing Power + Digital Twin
      Applications,” earning the “2024 China Enterprise Digital Innovation Solution” award. The
      Group focuses on meeting rigid demand to improve urban services, participating in digital
      twin city CIM+BIM demonstrations. We aggregate the HarmonyOS industry ecosystem
      based on smart sensors, deploying open-source HarmonyOS PCs, cameras, drones,
      and more, jointly developing additional HarmonyOS industry scenario applications. For
      HarmonyOS native applications and meta-service northbound businesses, the Group
      launched mobile application HarmonyOS expert services, collaborating with over 300
      application vendors in various fields such as smart mobility, lifestyle services, finance,
      government affairs, healthcare, and cultural tourism. The Group was awarded the
      title of one of the first “Diamond Service Providers for HarmonyOS Native Application
      Development and Training.” Our HarmonyOS chip southbound adaptation business has
      served over 500 product categories and 400 brand customers, with connected devices
      reaching tens of millions. In collaboration with Kaihong, the Group has contributed over 4
      million lines of code to the main database of the OpenHarmony community, ranking first
      among ecosystem vendors outside of Huawei.
6   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




    III.   Accelerating the Deployment of General ERP
           Application Services to Empower Digital and
           Intelligent Transformation
           The Group is accelerating its presence in the central state-owned enterprises’ general
           ERP application service market, aiming to become the preferred consulting and
           implementation service provider for digitalization, intelligent and autonomous controllable
           solutions for trillion-yuan level central state-owned enterprises. The Group is also a
           key driver for in-house development and replacement of critical enterprise application
           software and a vital force in China’s enterprise digital transformation services. The Group
           actively explores and practices an “Product + Implementation Services” ERP construction
           model, adhering to high-quality standards to build industry-leading solutions and actively
           expanding market share. We are steadily advancing the “Phoenix”, bringing in high-level
           partners from target industries and professional fields to create a world-class consulting
           team with “international experience, local innovation, and Chinese management.” This
           team provides end-to-end services, including consulting and planning for enterprise
           digital transformation, enterprise application service solutions, data governance, and IT
           development. Leveraging the R7 platform, the Group established a mature and efficient
           partner working platform to support operational management, enhance delivery quality
           and efficiency, and solidify application components to feedback into products. The
           Group is actively exploring the combination of AI large models to conduct intelligent
           assisted submissions for enterprise application services. Collaborating with SAP, the
           Group provides customized consulting solutions based on commercial AI technology. The
           Group continued to deeply engage with leading central state-owned enterprise clients
           like PetroChina, Sinochem, China Southern Power Grid, creating lighthouse projects
           and establishing an efficient ERP project management implementation methodology. We
           have extensive cooperation with leading companies such as PetroChina, CNOOC, and
           Sinochem in application service consulting and implementation, data governance, etc.,
           accumulating energy and power industry solutions and best practices.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                  7




IV.   Leveraging CTSP as an Engine to Propel Cloud
      Intelligent Services
      As Huawei Cloud’s first “Sailing on the Same Boat, Co-Prosperity” partner, Chinasoft
      International has maintained a leading position as the “strongest, fastest-growing,
      and most profitable” partner in the ecosystem over seven years of collaboration.
      In recognition of this, the Group was awarded the 2023 “Huawei Cloud Ecosystem
      Rock Award.” The Group focuses on roles such as digital transformation consulting,
      advanced cloud integration, services, and software partnerships, holding the top
      position in capability certification among Huawei Cloud ecosystem partners. With over
      6,000 ecosystem partners, the Group provides digital solutions and services to over
      20,000 clients, achieving complementing capability and business win-win. The Group
      offers clients full-stack CTSP cloud services, including computing power and AI model
      services, big data and database services, cloud-native services, HarmonyOS services,
      security, and more, empowering clients throughout the entire lifecycle in consulting,
      integration, migration, and development, thereby enhancing client value and engagement.
      The Group worked closely with leading clients in industries such as energy, steel, and
      pharmaceuticals on AI pilot projects and promotes the integration of AI Agent service
      scenarios into cloud-based services to assist SMEs in intelligent upgrades. The Group
      has developed a product and service system, including hybrid cloud, distribution cloud,
      partner cloud, empowerment cloud, and sovereign cloud, providing industry-specific
      cloud operation platforms and localized professional services based on HCS. Based
      on the openEuler Rock operating system and openGauss Rock database, the Group
      provided integrated software and hardware scenario-based solutions for operators
      and local innovation centers. In the financial industry, the Group builds highly available
      operational capabilities for cloud platforms with “mainframe migration.
8   CHAIRMAN’S REPORT




    V.   Leveraging Hong Kong as a Bridgehead to Expand
         into Overseas Markets in Southeast Asia, the Middle
         East, and Africa
         Leveraging its center in Hong Kong, the Group’s business extended to multiple overseas
         regions, including Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. We have established R&D and
         delivery centers in Hong Kong, Thailand, Japan, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, and the
         UAE, working closely with global partners like Huawei to create successful cases in
         digital government, smart cities, and smart venues, promoting regional digitalization
         and intelligence development. The Group focused on the Hong Kong market, with
         government, smart cities/parks, and large Chinese enterprises as the main sectors.
         We actively invest in product development and delivery in the construction of Hong
         Kong’s government systems, data governance, and comprehensive service operations
         and maintenance, assisting the digital governance of the Hong Kong government and
         becoming an active supplier of IT professional services in Hong Kong. The Group has
         successfully implemented projects like the Kai Tak Sports Park in Hong Kong, Smart
         City in Malaysia, and NEOM in Saudi Arabia, achieving new breakthroughs in the field
         of comprehensive system integration in overseas markets. We continue to strengthen
         investment in key countries and regions in Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, and Africa,
         participating in planning and implementation with high standards and quality. Through
         benchmark project construction, we enhance local operational service capabilities,
         continuously improve overseas service systems, and strengthen compliance construction,
         providing global clients with excellent products and service experiences. The Group is
         leveraging its high-pressure, inherent advantages to contribute significantly as a “new
         choice” for the Third World.
CHAIRMAN’S REPORT                                                                                   9




VI.     Strengthening Basic Management with ‘Leaving a
        Mark on Iron’ and Using Large Models to Promote
        Productivity Leap
        The Group has initiated the SP305 strategic plan to enhance comprehensive strategic
        guidance, keenly analyze the situation, and quickly adjust deployments. Through in-depth
        discussions, we define positioning goals, path milestones, and task breakdowns. The
        strategic system strengthens market insight, strategic benchmarking, and quarterly
        implementation of initiatives. The financial system focuses on strengthening control
        coordination around “budget formulation, budget execution, and performance evaluation.”
        The human resources system implements “organizational alignment, performance
        alignment, and incentive alignment.” The quality and process IT management system
        develops applications like the HR.ai recruitment model and Fin.ai financial inquiry model
        to substantially improve the Group’s productivity through “AI digital employees.” These
        systematic reforms are maturing and have become an important component of the
        Group’s core competitiveness in the new era.

Dear investors, against the backdrop of the current grand narrative, we engaged in strategic
planning with a shared vision, undeterred by fierce competition and willingly rooting ourselves
deeply to surpass the present and plan for the future. At critical moments, with interests at
stake, the Group will adhere to value-oriented principles, pursue long-term effective growth,
and steadfastly navigate through cycles. We fight to win, achieving victories to realize leapfrog
development!




                                                                                 Chairman
                                                                                 Chen Yuhong
                                                                                 2024 Summer
10   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



     Progress of the “1+3” strategic business layout:

     •       The Group is developing AI full-stack and full-scenario services, deeply collaborating with
             leading clients in industries such as Finance, Power, Energy, Steel, and Pharmaceuticals
             through its Model Factory services, focusing on innovative practices around NLP, CV, and
             predictive applications. The Group won bids and participated in AIGC projects for several
             state-owned banks and leading city commercial banks, promoting the implementation of
             intelligent training, intelligent customer service, and credit risk control scenarios. The “Ask”
             series AI Agent product solutions were successfully deployed in digital resource operation
             services in Hengyang City and Bao’an District, Shenzhen, establishing the foundational
             base for future large model applications in the government sector. In computing power
             operations, the Group developed a diverse heterogeneous large model operation
             management system. The Group became an Ascend Partner for Application Software and
             Ecosystem Operations. Additionally, the Group’s all-in-one machine products achieved AI
             framework MindSpore compatibility certification.

     •       In the HarmonyOS intelligent IoT business domain, the Group, based on the 1+1
             (KaihongOS + Super Device Management Platform) autonomous controllable intelligent
             IoT foundation and integrated software and hardware solutions, is deeply engaged in
             industries such as emergency firefighting and emergency response, water conservancy,
             and transportation. The Group has developed a self-developed software platform, smart
             hardware, and ecosystem product matrix, successfully implementing multiple industry
             solutions. The KaihongOS domestic operating system by Deepin was the first to achieve
             full-ecosystem connection with HarmonyOS Next, breaking through the most challenging
             key industries, further solidifying its leading position in the open-source HarmonyOS
             ecosystem.

     •       In the pan ERP and digital transformation fields, the Group continues to advance the
             “Phoenix” consulting partner plan, attracting world-class high-end consulting talent and
             teams to build Chinasoft International’s ERP implementation service methodology and
             create an ERP project management IT toolkit. The Group is deeply engaged with leading
             central state-owned enterprise clients such as PetroChina, Sinochem, China Southern
             Power Grid, accumulating energy and power industry solutions and best practices. The
             Group won the bid for the first self-controlled ERP project for a leading nuclear power
             client, securing a first-mover advantage. The Group is actively exploring and practicing the
             “Product + Implementation Services” ERP construction model.

     •       In the public cloud business, the Group closely follows Huawei Cloud’s growth, providing
             enterprises with cloud service products that cover the entire lifecycle, including cloud
             consulting, cloud integration, cloud migration, cloud development, and cloud operations
             and maintenance. The Group has successfully transformed into a top cloud transformation
             service partner, holding the highest number of capability tag certifications among Huawei
             Cloud ecosystem partners. The Group has consecutively won the exclusive “Huawei
             Cloud Ecosystem Rock Award,” Huawei Cloud’s most prestigious annual award, twice,
             significantly contributing to Huawei Cloud’s capability building and sales growth.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                          11



Industry Layout: The Group focuses on industries such as Energy, Finance, Government, Public
Utilities, and Manufacturing, creating HarmonyOS-based and AI-based industry scenarios and
implementation solutions. It serves many renowned domestic and international large enterprises
and high-growth potential clients, such as Huawei, HSBC, Ping An, Bank of Communications,
China Construction Bank, China Mobile, China Telecom, PetroChina, CNOOC, State Grid, Honor,
Tencent, Alibaba, and Baidu.

Regional Layout: Domestically, the Group primarily targets economically developed areas like the
Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta, and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, as well as central and
western hub regions, deeply engaging in cities like Shenzhen, Beijing, Xi’an, Guangzhou, Nanjing,
and Shanghai. The Group actively leverages its spearhead, legion, and Stronghold organizational
advantages to comprehensively advance the implementation of “AI+” solutions across industries.
In overseas markets, the Group has established R&D and delivery centers in multiple countries
and regions, including Hong Kong, Thailand, Japan, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE,
successfully developing multiple successful cases in digital government, smart cities, and smart
venues.

1.      AI Full-Stack and All-Scenario Services
        The Group aspires to become a comprehensive AI software and service provider in the
        era of large models, facilitating the value release of large models and computing power
        to establish leading innovation practices. The Group has established the Chinasoft
        International AIGC Research Institute, focusing on empowering data innovation
        applications with large models as the core to create the “Ask” series of solutions. It has
        launched the “Model Factory” last-mile service, integrating large models and domain
        models to provide government and enterprise customers with end-to-end large model
        application R&D services, covering planning and design, prototype verification, model
        migration, model training, model fine-tuning, application integration, and deployment,
        aiding the realization of ultimate scenarios. Simultaneously, it offers high-level services
        around computing power (such as operator adaptation, model migration, and model
        evaluation) to promote computing power sales and provides auxiliary operational services
        such as service malls and model malls. During the reporting period, the Company
        became Ascend Wanli’s application software partner and ecosystem operation partner.
12   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         1.1.   Model Factory
                During the reporting period, the Group used AI consulting and planning to enter
                the top-level design, accumulating software capabilities for domestic GPU
                computing power. Focusing on NLP, CV, and predictive applications, the Group
                has deeply engaged with industry customers, scenarios, and tasks. It has formed
                leading innovative practices in model migration adaptation and deployment,
                operator optimization, model training, prompt engineering, and Agent
                development landing services. The Group provides one-stop end-to-end services
                for NLP/CV large model training and development, successfully landing NLP and
                CV training and deployment projects and working deeply with top customers in
                finance, power, energy, steel, pharmaceuticals, and other industries. During the
                reporting period, in the financial industry, the Group focused on scenarios such as
                intelligent training, intelligent customer service, and credit risk control, promoting
                the implementation of large language model technology in the financial industry’s
                value scenarios, winning bids, and participating in AIGC projects of several
                state-owned banks and leading city commercial banks. In the energy industry, the
                Group addressed the pain points and demands of various professional scenarios
                in coal mining, excavation, machinery, transportation, and communication, using
                large models to enable comprehensive prevention and control of unsafe factors
                involving people, objects, and the environment in on-site operations, achieving
                goals of reducing personnel, improving efficiency, stabilizing equipment operation,
                and enhancing engineering quality. In the oil and gas pipeline network industry,
                the Group, based on its existing artificial intelligence platform, uses deep learning
                and data mining techniques to integrate industry-specific knowledge and data
                resources, providing comprehensive and efficient AI support for various business
                areas, affiliated enterprises, and scientific research and innovation departments
                within the oil and gas pipeline network industry. In the steel industry, the Group
                focuses on sub-scenario applications such as ore classification and impurity
                deduction, belt inspection, steel surface inspection, low magnification inspection,
                intelligent cargo inspection, and prediction of nitrogen oxides in blast furnace
                exhaust. It analyzes, predicts, and warns the material flow, energy flow, and
                information flow in the full-process production of enterprises, providing efficient
                support for production organization and coordination.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                     13



    1.2.   Computing Power Operation
           During the reporting period, the Group’s Ascend AI computing power operation
           service established cooperative relationships with hundreds of enterprises and
           institutions through market promotion and business expansion, covering multiple
           fields such as scientific research and higher education, intelligent manufacturing,
           smart cities, and healthcare. Together with customers, the Group carried out
           over a hundred projects, providing one-stop services such as computing power
           resource leasing, model training, and application development, helping customers
           improve business efficiency and innovation capabilities. The Group independently
           developed the large model operation management system LMBSS for artificial
           intelligence computing center customers, successfully implementing computing
           power operation projects in places like Gui’an Development Group, Nanjing Big
           Data Bureau, and Beijing Changping Computing Power Center. This system
           supports the management and commercialization of diverse large models, offering
           comprehensive lifecycle management of large model resources. A complete
           computing power operation management system was established to meticulously
           manage the allocation, scheduling, monitoring, and billing of computing power
           resources, ensuring their efficient utilization and stable operation. The Group
           actively participated in computing power platform access work and successfully
           integrated with the Beijing Communications Authority’s interconnection platform
           and Shenzhen Smart City Computing Power Coordination and Dispatch Platform,
           gaining a first-mover advantage in national computing power coordination and
           dispatching. In terms of large model incubation, the Qinling-Xidian Remote
           Sensing Brain Large Model, launched through the Xi’an Yanta Artificial Intelligence
           Innovation Development Center in collaboration with Xi’an University of Electronic
           Science and Technology, was selected for the “Computing Power Zhongguancun
           – 2024 Computing Power Technology Innovation and Application Service Case
           Collection”. Regarding computing power industry standardization, at the “2024
           Computing Network Integration Development Conference · Computing Power
           Network Industry Development Forum” organized by the China Communications
           Standards Association and the Computing Network Integration Industry and
           Standards Promotion Committee (CCSA TC621), the Group was successfully
           included in the “2023 Annual Computing Power Network Industry Map.
14   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



          1.3     AI Agent Application Service
                  During the reporting period, the Group continuously upgraded its data innovation
                  application product direction based on large models, achieving a comprehensive
                  upgrade of the Lingxi “Ask” series AI Agent product solutions– Ask Data, Ask
                  Strategy, Ask Service, and Ask Vision– and formed joint solutions in various
                  industry sectors such as Finance, Transportation, Manufacturing, Healthcare,
                  and Education. By efficiently completing private domain data preparation and
                  combining capabilities such as intent understanding, planning reasoning, query
                  calculation, mining analysis, and summary presentation equipped with industry
                  knowledge, Agents can effectively complete a closed loop from problem to report
                  or big screen output autonomously. The Lingxi “Ask” series Agent products
                  were successfully implemented for several manufacturing enterprises at Huawei
                  Cloud Innovation Center bases in Suzhou and Chengdu, becoming benchmark
                  cases for joint expansion. The Lingxi “Ask” series integrated machine product
                  solutions underwent rapid iterative upgrades and successfully passed the Ascend
                  compatibility technical certification of Huawei training servers and AI framework
                  MindSpore. During the reporting period, the Lingxi Ask Data application case
                  was selected for the “Large Model Industry Application White Paper,” and the
                  Lingxi “Ask” series AI Agent case was awarded the “2023 Software Industry
                  Typical Demonstration Case.” The Group participated in the formulation of
                  four standards, including the Institute of Information and Communications
                  Technology’s “Intelligent Agent Technical Requirements and Evaluation Methods”
                  and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology’s “Guidelines for
                  Generative Artificial Intelligence Data Application Compliance,” contributing
                  successful experience and leading insights to further build the Chinasoft
                  International AI brand.

     2.   Pan-ERP and Digital Transformation
          The Group is committed to becoming the leading brand for digital transformation services
          for Chinese enterprises, and aims to be the preferred supplier of end-to-end services in
          enterprise digital transformation consulting, implementation, and operations. The Group’s
          “Phoenix” Consulting Partner Program is continuously advancing, bringing together
          partners and high-end consulting talent and teams with backgrounds in world-class
          consulting firms and rich industry experience. It is developing a Chinasoft International
          ERP implementation service methodology system and building an ERP project
          management IT toolkit. The Group is also creating leading self-developed solutions in key
          areas such as supply chain, marketing, finance, business management, and data, as well
          as in major industries like oil and gas, power, telecommunications, and defense.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                     15



    2.1   Pan-ERP Consulting Implementation
          During the reporting period, the Group’s Pan ERP consulting and implementation
          services continued to strengthen team and delivery capabilities. On the customer
          front, the Group not only continued to cultivate top industry clients such as
          PetroChina, Sinochem, China Southern Power Grid, Chongqing Changan, and
          Cha Baidao but also expanded into new projects based on industry experience
          and professional service capabilities. These projects include PetroChina
          Planning Institute’s integrated scheduling, China Coal Research Institute’s ERP
          management platform, and Anxun Logistics’ operational management platform.
          The Group undertook an architecture operation and control project for a power
          grid enterprise, promoting the evolution of enterprise architecture from the
          current state to a blueprint through the regular control of systems, processes,
          and projects. For an international subsidiary of a large central oil enterprise, the
          Group established an operational management data warehouse for overseas
          investment enterprises, providing planning, design, and implementation services
          for the operational management reporting system. Additionally, the Group built a
          passenger transportation big data system for a local railway bureau, integrating
          passenger transportation-related business data. In terms of service capabilities,
          the service scope expanded to include the delivery of Pan ERP solutions based
          on Huawei Cloud PaaS platform and the Group’s self-developed Pan ERP
          technology foundation. The Group also developed a foundational business
          platform and technology base centered on the supply chain, continuously
          enhancing the competitiveness of its solutions through project reuse and
          business sedimentation.
16   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         2.2   Data Intelligence
               During the reporting period, the Group focused on Energy, Government affairs,
               Transportation, Manufacturing, FMCG and Retail industry markets, continuously
               strengthening its capabilities in data governance, data platforms, and data
               element market services, and establishing industry data application solutions
               to empower digital construction in these industries. In the energy sector, the
               Group implemented data governance service projects for leading enterprises
               such as PetroChina, CNOOC, Sinochem, and a major power grid. It conducted
               consulting services in data elements and data asset tabulation, leveraging
               Lingxi Ask Data. In the government and public sector, the Group collaborated
               with big data bureaus of key cities in the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta,
               Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Chengdu-Chongqing, and Northeast regions. It delivered
               projects like governance of municipal government data resources in a Yangtze
               River Delta city, data foundation governance for a municipal public security
               bureau, and a government data asset service platform for a new district in a
               Northeast city, continuously improving the quality of government data assets
               and enabling intelligent governance. In the transportation sector, the Group
               completed the passenger service platform for China’s second-largest airport
               group, contributing to smart airport construction. By deeply exploring passenger
               behavior and needs, the Group built a large data platform for passenger services
               to provide seamless travel line services, reducing travel anxiety and enhancing
               passenger comfort. In the manufacturing sector, the Group provided data
               standardization, business-finance integration, and business-data integration
               services to key clients like Changan Automobile and Chutian Technology. It
               continued to deepen data assetization and business data integration through the
               approach of “scenario implementation, using to promote governance.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                       17



     2.3    Toolchain and R&D Efficiency Management
            During the reporting period, the Group precisely targeted the software service
            delivery field, successfully launching and operating Chinasoft International’s
            R&D Efficiency Management Suite. The suite focuses on four core aspects:
            “Houde” (Thick Morality), “Houji” (Thick Accumulation), “Houdu” (Thick Measure),
            and “Houde” (Thick Gain), each addressing project management, knowledge
            management, software cost measurement, and resource management. Internally,
            it enhances project operational efficiency and cost-effectiveness, while externally,
            it aligns precisely with the generative AI market to create a new generation of
            R&D efficiency management products. During the reporting period, the R&D
            Efficiency Management Suite was successfully deployed within the Group,
            deepening the application of the MSD process in consulting and ERP project
            delivery, achieving refined management of personnel, finances, and materials.
            Additionally, by employing cutting-edge AIGC technology, it has built an intelligent
            knowledge ecosystem, strengthening the “Houji” ITS knowledge management
            product, significantly improving the efficiency and quality of knowledge
            acquisition in scenarios such as project delivery, sales management, and market
            insight. Moreover, the “Houdu” software cost measurement platform has passed
            certification by the China Software Industry Association due to its professionalism
            and compliance with national standards and NESMA function point evaluation
            standards, further consolidating the Group’s leading position in the software
            cost measurement field. In the strategic cooperation established with the China
            Software Industry Association, both parties jointly promoted the successful
            launch of the association’s pricing platform, contributing to the industry’s
            standardized and intelligent development.

3.   HarmonyOS Intelligent IoT and Digital Twins
     The Group is fully committed to developing an independently controllable intelligent
     IoT foundation and integrated software and hardware solutions based on the 1+1
     (KaihongOS + Super Device Management Platform) strategy, with a focus on industries
     such as emergency firefighting and emergency response, water conservancy, and
     transportation. Leveraging Shenzhen Kaihong Digital Industry Development Co., Ltd.
     (hereinafter referred to as “Shen Kaihong”) as the spearhead, the Group has established
     a “Spearhead-Legion-Stronghold” organizational structure. This structure supports
     comprehensive deployment across core technologies of the HarmonyOS ecosystem,
     industry solutions, large-scale software development capabilities, and north-south
     ecosystem services, continuously expanding into key markets that are “national
     heavyweights and city innovators.” KaihongOS was the first to achieve full-ecosystem
     connection with HarmonyOS Next, breaking through the most challenging key industries,
     further solidifying its leading position in the open-source HarmonyOS ecosystem.
18   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         3.1   Harmony Industry Enablement
               During the reporting period, Chinasoft International collaborated with Shen
               Kaihong to focus on the edge side, building a matrix of self-developed platform
               software, intelligent hardware, and ecosystem hardware products equipped
               with KaihongOS capabilities. The open Harmony edge intelligent products have
               been further upgraded, with 17 self-developed products passing compatibility
               evaluations and obtaining 13 intellectual property rights. The second-generation
               Leize Intelligent All-in-One (Gateway Type) EGH200 has been upgraded with
               Beidou duplex communication, supporting network-free interconnection in
               emergency scenarios such as water conservancy flood defense scheduling and
               power generation. The second-generation Leize Intelligent All-in-One (Computing
               Type) EPH200 has upgraded high computing power, with added industry AI
               algorithms to achieve unmanned and minimal-man supervision in scenarios like
               reservoirs and rivers, as well as cost reduction and efficiency improvement in
               sewage plants. The second-generation Leize Intelligent All-in-One (Control Type)
               ECH200 has been upgraded with a screen version to achieve edge business
               visualization. The Yi Wang Intelligent Companion upgraded the control type
               MAH300 to achieve distributed control in scenarios such as tunnels. Among
               them, the EGH200 and MAH300 models have completed POC and achieved
               mass production and sales. The Group, in collaboration with Shen Kaihong,
               developed Kaihong’s new-generation smart all-scenario experimental box
               compatible with OpenHarmony 4.1, equipped with HiSilicon chips, supporting
               Starlight technology, and integrating four core AI recognition capabilities,
               helping developers master OpenHarmony software and hardware development
               capabilities in a one-stop manner. The KaihongOS drone swarm collaboration
               model was piloted in Zhaoqing, where the KaihongOS distributed soft bus
               can connect all device data, achieving interconnection and control of various
               air-ground integrated operational equipment and on-site equipment. Combining
               operational tasks, different function-loaded drones can be flexibly combined into
               operational task forces as super devices, enabling “Commander + Corps” mode
               for one-person multi-machine control and efficient collaboration.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                   19



    3.2   Harmony Ecosystem Service
          During the reporting period, in the field of HarmonyOS native applications and
          meta-service northbound business, the Group deeply collaborated with Huawei
          terminals and Huawei Cloud, forming partnerships with over 300 application
          vendors. These partnerships span across various domains such as smart travel,
          life services, finance, government affairs, healthcare, and cultural tourism. This
          strategic shift marks the transition from being an advantageous service provider
          to becoming a full-scene solution service provider within the HarmonyOS
          ecosystem. At the Huawei 2024 HDC Conference, the Group was honored with
          the “Outstanding Developer Service Provider in HarmonyOS Ecosystem” and
          the “Pioneer Partner Award in HarmonyOS Ecosystem,” highlighting its leading
          position in the industry. Additionally, the Group, in collaboration with Huawei
          Cloud, was the first to launch the “Chinasoft International Mobile Application
          HarmonyOS Expert Service,” further solidifying its market position as a core
          service provider for joint venture products. Meanwhile, due to its outstanding
          contributions to the HarmonyOS ecosystem, the Group was awarded the title
          of the first batch of “HarmonyOS Native Application Development and Training
          Diamond Service Providers” and has established deep cooperation intentions
          with top application partners in various industries to jointly promote ecosystem
          prosperity. Leveraging the robust underlying capabilities of HarmonyOS, the
          Group meticulously crafted a HarmonyOS digital intelligence integrated SaaS
          platform to fully support the operational needs of scenic areas, achieving deep
          integration of software and hardware through rapid scenario adaptation and
          optimization. The “Qu Nanxun” HarmonyOS application and meta-service
          developed on this platform won the 2024 HDC Industry Solution Innovation
          Award and the HarmonyOS Ecosystem Innovation Award. This success attracted
          several scenic areas, including Shandong Weihai, Jiangxi Pingxiang, Zhejiang
          Dongtou, and Yuhang, to join the HarmonyOS ecosystem family, exploring
          new chapters in smart tourism together. In terms of adapting the HarmonyOS
          chip for southbound business, the Group has accumulated over 500 product
          categories and 400+ brand clients, with tens of millions of devices connected.
          KaiHongOS was the first to achieve full ecosystem connection with HarmonyOS
          Next, successfully breaking through the most challenging key industries. In
          the OpenHarmony direction, the Group, in collaboration with Shen Kaihong,
          has contributed over 4 million lines of code to the main repository of the
          OpenHarmony community, making it the top contributor outside of Huawei.
          With over 50,000 certified HarmonyOS engineers, ranking first, this further
          demonstrates Chinasoft International’s leadership and professional capabilities
          within the HarmonyOS ecosystem.
20   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




     4.   Cloud Intelligent Business
          In the seven years of partnership with Huawei, the Group has achieved over 30-fold
          growth in business scale, consistently leading the Huawei Cloud ecosystem. The Group
          has evolved from a cloud general distributor and solution provider to a comprehensive
          partner across all Huawei Cloud domains. In 2022 and 2023, the Group consecutively
          won Huawei Cloud’s most prestigious award, the “Huawei Cloud Ecosystem Rock
          Award,” significantly contributing to Huawei Cloud’s capability building and sales growth.

          The Group focuses on developing its capabilities as a Huawei advanced cloud digital
          transformation consulting and system integration partner, service partner, and software
          partner. By building an innovative full-stack cloud service capability with cloud as the
          foundation, the Group provides enterprises with cloud consulting, cloud integration,
          cloud migration, cloud development, and cloud operations and maintenance lifecycle
          cloud service products. The Group actively explores autonomous industry clients,
          integrating HSC, database products, and industry solutions to drive deep digital
          transformation. It integrates AI-related solutions and services into the cloud domain
          to facilitate local intelligent upgrades. Concurrently, the Group builds systematic cloud
          intelligence business expansion and delivery service capabilities in key regions such as
          Asia-Pacific, implementing multiple smart city and smart venue projects. The Group also
          actively participates in open-source database community contributions, collaborating
          with ecosystem partners to support the realization of independent and controllable key
          foundational software.

          4.1     CTSP Cloud Service
                  As a leading cloud service provider and core partner of Huawei Cloud CTSP, the
                  Group is committed to strengthening long-term CTSP cloud service capabilities.
                  The Group has achieved certification for 8 first-level and 10 second-level CTSP
                  professional service tags, maintaining the highest number of certifications among
                  partners. Their data governance solution has been successfully launched, and the
                  enterprise cloud migration solution has been approved for OBP project initiation.
                  Regional integrated sales and service delivery centers have been established in
                  key cities, completing the allocation of regional pre-sales and delivery resources
                  to provide clients with comprehensive lifecycle services such as consulting
                  design, migration deployment, cloud-native application development and
                  modernization, and operations and maintenance. The Group continues to operate
                  customer solutions. The Group is making continuous efforts in AI large models,
                  data governance, and HarmonyOS fields. They have successfully implemented
                  over 40 CTSP projects across multiple industries, including energy, steel, and
                  pharmaceuticals, co-creating large model scenario applications with leading
                  clients and maintaining a leading position in CTSP framework cooperation. At
                  the 2024 Huawei HPC Conference, the Group was awarded the “Outstanding
                  Partner Award for Digital Transformation Services” and the “Outstanding Service
                  Sales Partner Contribution Award.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                  21



    4.2   Advanced Cloud Integration
          As one of the first partners in Huawei Cloud’s integration business, the Group
          adheres to a consulting-driven approach, integrating Huawei’s public cloud
          resources, private cloud deployments, and Huawei’s spearhead products. This
          drives the integration and fusion of the Group’s joint baseline solutions with
          Huawei Cloud and multi-industry solution products and services, continuously
          enhancing the reach to industry clients, deepening industry supply, and
          promoting the deep digital transformation of government and enterprise clients.
          During the reporting period, the Group’s advanced cloud integration business
          successfully implemented over 20 advanced cloud integration projects, including
          the data foundation for a data group company and Huawei Cloud RDS for an
          energy technology company in fields such as RPA, big data, and cloud services.
          At the 2024 Huawei HPC Conference, the Group was awarded the “Huawei
          Cloud Stack Outstanding Partner Contribution Award.

    4.3   Cloud Enablement Service
          Chinasoft International’s Enablement Cloud covers multiple business areas,
          including industrial internet, software development, independent control,
          Kunpeng, and RPA digital robots. The Group continues to drive enterprise
          enablement and existing business operations across eight regions, including
          Nanjing, Lishui, Fuzhou, and Foshan, piloting and promoting AI Agent service
          scenarios and AI data analysis solutions. In new Enablement Cloud bases
          such as in Shenzhen, AI services are being integrated, entering the market for
          intelligent upgrades of SMEs based on large models. Chinasoft International’s
          Empowerment Cloud supports the acceleration of digitalization in industries such
          as electronic information, equipment manufacturing, and software development
          in its regions, thereby promoting industrial upgrades. For instance, the Tangshan
          Digital Robot Demonstration Center provides digital transformation services
          to over 100 local enterprises and has established partnerships with entities
          such as the Caofeidian District Cyberspace Administration, Meteorological
          Bureau, DUNSHI Building Materials, and Jidong Group. The Tangshan RPA base
          cooperation model was successfully replicated in Xiangyang.
22   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         4.4   Overseas Intelligent Cloud Service
               As Huawei Cloud’s overseas strategic partner, Chinasoft International has
               established systematic business expansion and delivery service capabilities in
               key regions such as Asia-Pacific. The Group successfully provided leading cloud
               infrastructure for smart city and smart venue projects in multiple countries and
               regions in Asia-Pacific. In the Hong Kong Kai Tak Sports Park project, the Group
               achieved full-scene visualization, controllability, and manageability of the sports
               park, greatly enhancing the park’s smart operations and security capabilities.
               The Group was awarded the “Annual Service Partner” award for the Asia-Pacific
               region by Huawei Cloud, thanks to its excellent service capabilities and significant
               business growth. In the Middle East and Central Asia, the Group implemented
               projects in government and enterprise cloud and smart city construction.
               In Malaysia’s smart city project, the Group provided data support for urban
               operation management, significantly improving the refinement level of urban
               operation management. In Saudi Arabia’s NEOM project, Chinasoft International
               provided strong support for the construction of digital infrastructure. For financial
               clients, the Group offered data platform solutions, cloud-native application
               modernization capabilities, and AIGC financial scenario solutions, assisting clients
               in their digital and intelligent transformation. The Group won multiple important
               client projects in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia.

         4.5   Software Autonomous and Controllable Adaptation
               The Group actively participates in contributions and collaborations within the
               open-source database community. Chinasoft International’s Panshi Operating
               System and Panshi Database were included in the “Dalian City Information
               Technology Autonomous and Controllable Product Resource Pool Catalog” and
               received the “2023 openEuler Commercial Practice Contribution” award, among
               others. As key products of independent control, the Panshi Operating System
               and Panshi Database, in collaboration with ecosystem partners, support the
               independent control transformation of critical foundational software, promoting
               the development of the independent control industry. The Group developed
               the visual MOS platform, integrating functions such as operating system
               migration, upgrades, trimming, monitoring, inspection, intelligent operation
               and maintenance, optimization, and security hardening. In collaboration with
               Chengdu TD Tech Ltd., the Group co-developed a commercial server operating
               system distribution version for specific industries. Based on the openGauss
               Panshi Database, the Group developed a data dual-active platform and a
               Database Migration and Synchronization Platform (DSM). The Group joined
               and participated in the establishment of the Gauss Database Subcommittee
               (Gauss Database Alliance) under the China Software Industry Association. At the
               OpenTenBase Open Source Core Contribution Challenge of the Open Atom Open
               Source Foundation, the Group won second prize and joined the OpenTenBase
               Community Committee.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                             23




5.   Emerging AI Industry Solution
     During the reporting period, the Group integrated AI full-stack technology to conduct
     innovative exploration and implement benchmark projects in areas such as finance,
     energy, digital government, public utilities, transportation, industrial internet and intelligent
     manufacturing, and auditing.

     5.1     Intelligent Finance
             In the HarmonyOS domain, the Group launched a HarmonyOS native application
             development platform and won several large-scale HarmonyOS application
             development projects for state-owned banks, joint-stock banks, leading
             insurance institutions, and bank card organizations. In the data domain,
             the Group introduced data governance and data asset operation products,
             compatible with DWS and MRS lakehouse data platforms, providing independent
             and controllable solutions and integration services for data products. As the
             general integrator, the Group built an independent and controllable data middle
             platform for a central financial enterprise. In the cloud services domain, the
             Group implemented application system modernization and cloud-native core
             system reconstruction for several globally renowned insurance companies,
             trust companies, and fund management companies, and built cloud-native
             technology-based consumer credit data service platforms for multiple banks. A
             collaboration project with a financial regulatory institution was included in IDC’s
             report, “IDC PeerScape: Insights into Cloud-Native Practices in the Financial
             Industry.” Additionally, the Group won multi-million-dollar next-generation
             payment settlement projects for several leading global foreign banks, 30
             next-generation bill system projects, and built a unified corporate credit platform,
             effectively enhancing the digital capabilities of credit approval. In IDC’s latest
             “China Banking IT Solutions Market Share” report, the Group retained the top
             position in the transaction banking domain, ranked in the top three in payment
             and settlement, channel management, and risk management, and was a leader
             in digital business solutions, digital credit, and open banking. The Group also
             ranked fourth in IDC’s latest “China Supply Chain Fintech Solutions Market
             Share” report, reflecting the product achievements of addressing the “last mile” of
             supply chain finance implementation with a “technology capability + operational
             services” approach.
24   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         5.2   Intelligent Energy
               The Group adheres to the “consulting-first” philosophy, tailoring digital power
               planning solutions, power safety operation solutions, and power digital planning
               services for power clients, and pioneering the pilot of distribution IoT solutions.
               During the reporting period, the Group, in collaboration with Huawei’s Power
               Corps, expanded into the power industry and invested in the “One Field and
               Three Centers” (a power big model training field, innovation center, demonstration
               center, and computing power center) project in Changping Energy Valley. This
               project provides developers with an application development environment
               and comprehensive support for application incubation and joint creation
               experiments; it also offers pre-research and POC computing power infrastructure
               and development platform support for power AI big models and scenario
               applications. The project showcases successful cases and research outcomes to
               clients, conducting experiential marketing. Additionally, the Group co-created a
               microgrid intelligent central hub value scenario for local substations. Expanding
               into the overseas power market, the Group undertook the digital transformation
               of the distribution network in Hong Kong, enhancing remote monitoring and
               management for clients through multi-scenario/all-data collection, secure and
               reliable return linkages, and rich, intelligent cloud-based apps.

         5.3   Digital Government
               During the reporting period, the Group adopted a “service + platform +
               ecosystem” full-chain digital service model in the government market, accurately
               addressing the core needs of government informatization projects as they shift
               from incremental management to controlled operation of existing resources.
               The Group deeply explored and enhanced the full lifecycle value of customers.
               By establishing an industry-specific product system that spans from the holistic
               management concept of “project management, data management” to supporting
               the incubation of AIGC scenario applications, the Group further served the
               scenario innovation and construction needs of existing clients. The Group
               identified AI golden scenarios such as government hotlines (12345), grassroots
               burden reduction, industrial investment promotion, traffic inquiry, and enterprise
               consulting, and promoted the deployment of corresponding “Ask” series
               intelligent applications, completing POC phase validations and typical cases
               in multiple cities. The Group explored and pioneered an innovative intelligent
               application model in the government market that combines data element
               management with big model applications. The Group also developed AIGC joint
               solutions centered on data value realization and new-generation IOC (Integrated
               Operations Center), accelerating nationwide product promotion and benchmark
               implementation.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                       25



    5.4   Public Utilities
          During the reporting period, the Group collaborated with the Shaanxi Provincial
          Fire and Rescue Corps to create the “Shaanxi Province Smart Firefighting
          Construction Project.” This project involved building a data middle platform,
          a technical standards system, firefighting application systems, fire prevention
          and control business systems, firefighting and rescue business systems, team
          management business systems, a unified operations and maintenance system.
          These efforts enabled dynamic perception, intelligent judgment, and precise
          prevention and control, transitioning firefighting work from a “traditional model”
          to a “digital model,” collectively safeguarding urban safety. Based on this
          foundation, the Group, in partnership with Huawei, developed the nation’s first
          “Fire Harmony” solution. This solution innovatively integrates big data mining
          and analysis technology, HarmonyOS-based intelligent IoT technology, digital
          twin technology, and AI large model capabilities, achieving dynamic perception,
          intelligent judgment, and precise prevention and control in the firefighting industry.
          This initiative aims to establish industry standards for firefighting and propel the
          digital transformation and leapfrog development of the firefighting sector.

          During the reporting period, the Group developed the nation’s first water
          resources and services solution based on the innovative research and
          development of open-source HarmonyOS core technology. The solution, built
          on the KaihongOS operating system, integrates HarmonyOS IoT terminal
          hardware products and the Suiming Intelligent Sensing Platform software. It
          innovatively combines cutting-edge technologies such as “HarmonyAIoT +
          Kunpeng/Ascend computing power + digital twin applications,” achieving four
          major edge-closed-loop functions: efficient data collection, remote control,
          logical linkage, and AI empowerment for water resources and services entities.
          This solution was honored with the “2024 China Enterprise Digital Innovation
          Solution” award. The Group also reached a strategic cooperation agreement
          with the Northern Design Alliance, North China Municipal Engineering Design
          and Research Institute, and China North Municipal Engineering Design and
          Research Institute to jointly establish the Hexi Northern Open-Source Harmony
          City Pilot Area. The parties are collectively advancing the construction of
          the Northern Open-Source Harmony City and collaborating on the water
          resources open-source Harmony ecosystem. Together, they are creating more
          self-developed products and solutions in key industries such as smart water
          resources and urban intelligent connectivity, establishing an innovation center
          with a national demonstration effect that combines the characteristics of water
          resources and informatization.
26   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



               The Company collaborated with Shen Kaihong, Beikong Zhike Group, and
               Tuopu Company, jointly launched China’s first open-source HarmonyOS-based
               intelligent product and solution for the gas industry, named “Ranhong.” Ranhong
               OS serves as the technical foundation, integrating sensing devices, edge
               computing devices, the Ranhong DAIoT platform, industry applications, and
               necessary self-controlled environments to create a fully integrated and intelligent
               ecosystem solution for the gas industry that spans terminals, edges, and the
               cloud. For gas enterprises, this means that from the underlying flow meters,
               electric control valves, inspection robots, drones, to cameras, all devices operate
               under a unified system, effectively “speaking the same language.” This eliminates
               the need for manual system integration, allowing devices to directly communicate
               via unified protocols, coordinate operations, share computing power, and unify
               data. This reduces the reliance on human intervention, enhances work efficiency,
               and accelerates the digital transformation of the gas industry.

         5.5   Intelligent Transportation
               During the reporting period, in the field of rail transit, the Group launched the
               HarmonyOS-enabled Smart Station overall solution. This solution, through the
               deep integration of HarmonyOS technology, aims to enhance the operational
               efficiency and passenger experience of urban rail transit, leading the industry
               towards high-quality and sustainable development. By linking all edge devices
               through HarmonyOS technology and utilizing the computational and analytical
               capabilities of large models, the solution efficiently addresses core issues
               such as traffic safety, emergency response, and passenger flow prediction.
               The HarmonyOS-enabled Smart Station introduced the HarmonyOS operating
               system, achieving a comprehensive upgrade and integration of metro station
               systems. The HarmonyOS-based AFC system, built on OpenHarmony, ensures
               autonomous control of station terminal equipment. Additionally, the Group has
               established joint laboratories with clients such as Guiyang Metro, focusing on
               smart and HarmonyOS-based solutions to jointly develop new business solutions.
               In collaboration with Shen Kaihong, Hebei Expressway and Huawei, and based on
               the Kaihong secure digital platform, the Group jointly launched the “Jihong” Joint
               Innovation Laboratory. This initiative focuses on the informatization, intelligence,
               and digitalization of expressways and released the “Cloud-Network Coordinated
               Toll Collection Solution,” injecting new momentum into the transportation
               industry. Together with Shen Kaihong, Guangzhou Metro, Huawei, and China
               Unicom, the Group developed the “Jianhong” smart metro construction solution
               based on technologies such as KaihongOS, 5G, and AI. This solution achieves
               full access to metro construction equipment and comprehensive data collection,
               enhancing the safety, efficiency, and quality of metro construction operations.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                        27



    5.6   Industrial Internet and Intelligent Manufacturing
          During the reporting period, the Group empowered manufacturing enterprises
          through autonomous control of industrial software and intelligent application
          services. The Group focused on the core needs of clients in aluminum electrolysis,
          aluminum casting, and aluminum profile manufacturing industries, and launched
          four leading refined product solutions: Aluminum Plant Energy Management,
          Aluminum Casting MES, Aluminum Profile Processing MES, and Aluminum
          Storage Management System. These solutions have already been adopted by
          more than 10 large and medium-sized aluminum enterprises, including Zhongjin
          Lingnan, Shandong Weiqiao Aluminum, and Min Aluminum Lightweight. The Group
          also deepened its collaboration with steel industry specialists, Yanshi Technology
          and Kowloon Technology, to develop comprehensive intelligent solutions for core
          production activities such as stockyard management, ironmaking, steelmaking,
          and rolling. These solutions have been implemented by well-known steel
          enterprises such as Liuzhou Iron and Steel, Baowu, and Tianzhu Steel.

    5.7   Intelligent Audit
          During the reporting period, the Group continued to explore the application
          of new technologies such as large models, engaging in deep exchanges with
          dozens of central state-owned enterprises and industry-renowned companies.
          The Group’s industry influence has been expanding, and it has incubated scenario
          tasks such as policy Q&A, policy comparison, document extraction and analysis,
          audit ask data, and issue characterization. The smart auditing projects for
          CNOOC and Shandong Energy have successfully launched in phases; CNOOC
          piloted the application of large model auditing, and the Group secured a new
          generation of auditing project support for China Postal Savings Bank through a
          single-source procurement method. In the field of social security supervision, the
          Group achieved the upgrade and application of social security fund supervision
          systems at the provincial nodes of Chongqing and Hubei, and the second phase
          of the Heilongjiang social security fund supervision system was successfully
          implemented. The Group also completed the planning of project construction
          schemes for Hebei, Hainan, and the Xinjiang Production and Construction
          Corps, and successfully implemented the social security fund supervision
          data service project in Changsha. The Group’s intelligent audit solutions have
          successively passed Huawei’s Kunpeng technical certification and Huawei’s
          government-enterprise solution certification, and have officially been listed on
          Huawei Cloud’s baseline solutions. The Group successfully won two significant
          projects from the Beijing Medical Insurance Bureau– the municipal-level medical
          insurance flight inspection project and the municipal-level medical insurance
          daily law enforcement project– marking the Group’s increasingly critical role in
          constructing the medical insurance supervision system. The Group has been
          promoting the construction of data zones for medical insurance departments at all
          levels nationwide, achieving centralized data storage, secure sharing, and efficient
          utilization, providing a solid infrastructure guarantee for the intelligent and refined
          management of medical insurance supervision.
28   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS




     6.   Software and Technical Service
          During the reporting period, the Group’s “Stronghold”” business continuously improved
          its systematic and AI-driven operational management levels, benchmarking against
          leading industry companies. The Group pushed the efficiency and quality of existing
          business areas to the extreme, ensuring sustained profit growth. Actively exploring code
          large model-assisted programming, the Group maximized submission cost and efficiency
          through large models to optimize business structure. Additionally, the Group continuously
          enhanced management maturity through integrated financial and quality management,
          laying a solid foundation for the development of its core business.

          6.1     A Communications Equipment Manufacturer
                  During the reporting period, Chinasoft International actively responded to
                  Huawei’s R&D transformation requirements by participating in CodeArts
                  model-assisted programming and testing pilots. The Group accumulated
                  application experience in code generation, code interpretation, test script
                  generation, and code review, effectively improving per capita productivity.
                  By empowering HR recruitment with AI large models, the Group significantly
                  optimized candidate screening efficiency through “intelligent talent search +
                  intelligent recommendation.” Additionally, the Group built an intelligent internal
                  control management system for the client, enabling real-time monitoring,
                  automatic alerts, and dynamic adjustments to ensure compliance and security in
                  the client’s business operations.

                  During the reporting period, the Group continued to deepen its cooperation with
                  Huawei Consumer Business, fully supporting the release of Huawei’s Pura70
                  series, Meta70 series, Nova12 series, Pocket2 series, MateBook14, and other
                  all-scenario new products, helping Huawei regain its leading market share in
                  China’s smart terminal market. At the same time, the Group supported the
                  release of HarmonyOS 4.2 and ensured the launch of the HarmonyOS NEXT Beta
                  version. The Group supported the training and testing of Huawei’s conversational
                  large model and assisted in the comprehensive upgrade of Xiaoyi’s multi-modal
                  intelligent interactions. As one of the first certified partners for HUAWEI HiCar
                  integrated development, the Group helped Huawei create intelligent connectivity
                  solutions across people, cars, and homes. The Group fully supported the launch
                  of Qian Kun Smart Driving ADS 3.0 and assisted in the release of the AITO M9
                  and M7 series models, helping Huawei upgrade its smart vehicle solutions and
                  build its brand.
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS                                                                     29



    6.2   Terminal Manufacturing Sector
          During the reporting period, the Group deepened its collaboration with Honor,
          supporting Honor in accelerating its expansion into overseas markets in the
          Asia-Pacific and Europe. The Group also assisted with the launch of the MagicOS
          8.0 system and helped Honor build an AI-enabled full-scenario smart ecosystem
          and global dual-flagship smartphone strategy. The Group continued to deepen its
          collaboration with Xiaomi Group across multiple domains, including smartphones,
          wearable devices, televisions, internet services, information technology, and
          smart cars, fully supporting the implementation of Xiaomi’s “Human-Car-Home”
          ecosystem strategy. The Group also strengthened its partnership with OPPO,
          successfully delivering several projects in base software and system testing,
          multimedia development, and application testing, while also reaching agreements
          in internet services, AI center development, and hardware testing. During the
          reporting period, the Group deepened its cooperation with leading household
          appliance manufacturers, developing and enhancing intelligent detection and
          analysis capabilities in product manufacturing and logistics delivery.

    6.3   Energy and Power Sector
          During the reporting period, the Group actively engaged in deep cooperation
          with central state-owned enterprises such as CNPC, Sinopec, CNOOC, and
          State Grid, and expanded its client base to include Sinochem, China Energy,
          and China Coal. The Group ranked first in comprehensive business share for
          CNPC’s Kunlun Digital, with business coverage spanning exploration, refining,
          oil and gas, transportation, and sales, providing integrated services in IT and
          digital management consulting, design, R&D, delivery, operations, and training.
          For CNOOC, the Group provided construction and operation services for data
          centers, cloud computing platforms, and network communications infrastructure.
          The Group also provided State Grid with inspection systems, safety inspection
          systems, consulting, and middleware services, offering strong support for the
          client’s smart production, smart transportation, and smart monitoring needs.

    6.4   Financial Sector
          During the reporting period, the Group’s financial client base exceeded 500.
          The Group continued to increase its market share among large state-owned
          banks and joint-stock commercial banks, and expanded to over 10 new city
          commercial banks and more than 20 leading financial institutions in insurance,
          securities, funds, and wealth management. The Group also strengthened its
          deep cooperation with foreign financial institutions in China, providing specialized
          system construction services in big data, payment clearing, transaction banking,
          and regulatory compliance.
30   RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS



         6.5   Telecom Operator Services Sector
               During the reporting period, the Group continued to deepen its relationships
               with the three major telecom operators in China: China Mobile, China Telecom,
               and China Unicom. The Group signed significant DICT projects with China
               Mobile Online, China Mobile Integration, and China Mobile Information. It
               also established deep cooperation with Tianyi Cloud and the China Telecom
               Research Institute, securing new projects such as Tianyi IoT R&D. The Group
               made breakthroughs with clients, signing new projects with both. In the main
               equipment manufacturers’ cooperation domain, the Group maintained a leading
               market share among key clients such as Datang, FiberHome, TD Tech, Ruijie,
               and H3C. In the broader electronic equipment manufacturers’ sector, the Group
               continued its cooperation with leading clients such as Huaqin, Wingtech, and
               Zowee.

         6.6   Intelligent Automobile Sector
               During the reporting period, the Group actively positioned itself in the digital
               and intelligent transformation of automakers, participating in the construction
               of IT product R&D systems for automotive clients. The Group established
               a service capability system covering intelligent cockpit system architecture
               design, intelligent cockpit development, HMI user experience design, intelligent
               driving data annotation, intelligent driving testing, and intelligent cockpit testing,
               achieving a transformation into a professional service provider in the automotive
               sector. During the reporting period, the Group made breakthroughs with Toyota,
               helping the automaker build an intelligent connected data platform and a
               digital system to achieve digital and intelligent transformation. The Group also
               established exemplary delivery service benchmarks with leading automakers
               such as Geely and BYD, creating a demonstrative effect. Additionally, the Group
               continued to cooperate with top manufacturers such as GAC Aion, Ruqi Mobility,
               Great Wall Motors, NIO, Dongfeng Motor, Li Auto, and Changan Automobile,
               assisting clients in continuously enhancing the consumer experience in intelligent
               driving.

         6.7   BPO Business
               During the reporting period, the Group’s BPO (Business Process Outsourcing)
               business continued to maintain strong cooperative relationships with several
               clients, including Tencent, Meituan, Ant Group, JD.com, ByteDance, and
               KuGou. The Group supported the rapid implementation of various projects, such
               as ByteDance POI, Ant Group’s advertising review, Meituan’s ChatGPT, and
               ByteDance’s e-commerce review.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                   31




KEY OPERATING DATA
In the first half of 2024, the Group’s revenue, service revenue, profit for the period, profit
attributable to owners of the Company, and basic EPS decreased by 6.2%, 7.8%, 18.6%, 18.6%,
and 12.1% respectively.

                                                   Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                         2024          2023          % Change
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                              7,926,183       8,450,060           (6.2%)
Service revenue                                      7,647,920       8,295,751           (7.8%)
Profit for the period                                  285,353         350,687          (18.6%)
Profit attributable to owners of the Company           285,720         351,028          (18.6%)
Basic EPS (RMB cents)                                    10.93           12.44          (12.1%)

The key operating figures (unaudited) for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are as follows:

                                                   Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                         2024          2023          % Change
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                              7,926,183       8,450,060            (6.2%)
Service revenue                                      7,647,920       8,295,751            (7.8%)
Cost of sales and services                          (6,094,783)     (6,448,925)           (5.5%)

Gross profit                                         1,831,400       2,001,135           (8.5%)
Other income                                            94,577         143,660          (34.2%)
Other gains or losses                                  104,890          (5,663)      (1,952.2%)
Selling and distribution costs                        (425,950)       (420,993)           1.2%
Other expenses                                         (44,638)        (38,083)          17.2%
Administrative expenses                             (1,113,278)     (1,210,380)          (8.0%)
Finance costs                                          (99,837)        (83,087)          20.2%
Impairment losses under expected credit
  loss model, net of reversal                           (15,455)        (14,800)              4.4%
Share of results of investments accounted
  for using the equity method                           (34,684)        (28,598)         21.3%
Loss from derecognition of financial assets
  measured at amortised cost                             (1,191)           (818)         45.6%

Profit before taxation                                 295,834         342,373          (13.6%)
Income tax expense                                     (10,481)          8,314         (226.1%)

Profit for the period                                  285,353         350,687          (18.6%)
32   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     GENERAL OVERVIEW
     In the first half of 2024, the Group continued to maintain strategic focus, steadily advancing
     the “1+3” strategic business layout. With cloud intelligence as the foundation, The Group’s
     focus is on AIGC Model Factory and Agent applications, HarmonyOS and AIoT smart IoT/digital
     twin applications, enterprise application services, and digital transformation consulting and
     implementation. During the reporting period, the Group achieved revenue of RMB7.926 billion and
     profit for the period of RMB0.285 billion.

     During the reporting period, the Group focused on AI full-stack and full-scenario services, fully
     developing Model Factory services and deeply collaborating with leading clients in industries
     such as finance, power, energy, steel, and pharmaceuticals. The Group established the Chinasoft
     International AIGC Research Institute, centering on large models to empower data innovation
     applications, and upgraded the “Ask” series solutions– Ask Data, Ask Strategy, Ask Service,
     Ask Vision– forming joint solutions in various industries, including finance, transportation,
     manufacturing, healthcare, and education. Additionally, the Group’s Ascend AI computing power
     operation services cover fields like research institutions, intelligent manufacturing, smart cities,
     and healthcare, providing clients with one-stop services such as computing power resource
     leasing, model training, and application development, thereby enhancing their business efficiency
     and innovation capabilities. During the reporting period, the Group became an Ascend Partner for
     Application Software and Ecosystem Operations.

     During the reporting period, the Group fully developed an independently controllable intelligent
     IoT foundation and integrated software and hardware solutions based on the 1+1 (KaihongOS +
     Super Device Management Platform) strategy, focusing on industries such as defense, energy,
     emergency firefighting, water conservancy, and transportation. The Group piloted the KaihongOS
     drone fleet coordination model in Zhaoqing, expanding into low-altitude fields. The domestic
     operating system KaihongOS was the first to achieve full-ecosystem connection with HarmonyOS
     Next, breaking through the most challenging key industries. At the 2024 HDC conference,
     products such as the “Kuafu” robot, Kaihong notebook, Kaihong mini PC, and Kaihong desktop
     collectively showcased the Group’s productization capabilities. The Group, adhering to the
     “Spearhead-Legion-Stronghold” organizational structure, comprehensively deployed core
     technologies, industry solutions, large-scale software development capabilities, and north-south
     ecosystem services in the HarmonyOS ecosystem, continuously expanding the “National Heavy
     Equipment, City New Sharp” market, further solidifying its leading position in the open-source
     HarmonyOS ecosystem.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                   33



During the reporting period, the Group accelerated its layout in the pan ERP application service
market for central state-owned enterprises. The Group actively explored and practiced the
“Product + Implementation Services” ERP construction model, adhering to high-quality principles
to build industry-leading solutions and actively expanding market share. The “Phoenix” consulting
partner plan was steadily advanced, attracting world-class high-end consulting talent and teams
to build Chinasoft International’s ERP implementation service methodology and create an ERP
project management IT toolkit. The Group’s pan ERP consulting and implementation services
continuously strengthened team and delivery capabilities, deeply engaging with leading central
state-owned enterprise clients such as PetroChina, Sinochem, China Southern Power Grid,
and Chongqing Changan. The service scope expanded to include general ERP solution delivery
services based on the Huawei Cloud PaaS platform and the Group’s self-developed pan ERP
technology foundation, building a core supply chain business platform and technology foundation
to continuously enhance solution competitiveness through project replication and business
deepening.

During the reporting period, in the cloud market, the Group has been in partnership with
Huawei for seven years, consistently holding the position as Huawei Cloud’s top-ranked partner,
continuously leading the Huawei Cloud ecosystem as Huawei Cloud’s top-ranked partner. The
Group has evolved from a cloud general distributor and solution provider to a comprehensive
partner across all Huawei Cloud domains, consecutively winning Huawei Cloud’s most prestigious
award, the “Huawei Cloud Ecosystem Rock Award,” significantly contributing to Huawei Cloud’s
capability building and sales growth. The Group focused on developing its capabilities as a
Huawei advanced cloud digital transformation consulting and system integration partner, service
partner, and software partner. By building an innovative full-stack cloud service capability with
cloud as the foundation, the Group provides enterprises with cloud consulting, cloud integration,
cloud migration, cloud development, and cloud operations and maintenance lifecycle cloud
service products. The Group actively explores autonomous industry clients, integrating HSC,
database products, and industry solutions to drive deep digital transformation. It integrates
AI-related solutions and services into the cloud domain to facilitate local intelligent upgrades.
Concurrently, the Group builds systematic cloud intelligence business expansion and delivery
service capabilities in key regions such as Asia-Pacific, implementing multiple smart city and
smart venue projects. The Group also actively participates in open-source database community
contributions, collaborating with ecosystem partners to support the realization of independent
and controllable key foundational software.

Looking ahead to the second half of the year, with cornerstone businesses stabilizing and
recovering, innovative businesses have secured advantageous positions. The Group will continue
to move forward with confidence, advancing in alignment with its business structure while
simultaneously reinforcing the “Spearhead-Legion-Stronghold” organizational framework. The
Spearhead teams will focus on incubating technological IP capabilities and forming AI research
teams, the Legion organization will strengthen the co-creation and expansion of industry baseline
solutions and the productization of services, while the Stronghold will demonstrate its advantages
in rapid response and support, with professional capabilities transitioning to advanced AI fields.
Collaborative efforts will continue to drive the Group towards its goal of becoming a globally
leading technology-driven IT service company, capturing “one-tenth of the world’s market.
34   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Since the Group’s listing on the Growth Enterprise Market in 2003, the compound annual growth
     rate of revenue has reached 26.1%, while the compound annual growth rate of service revenue
     has reached 32.7%. In the first half of 2024, revenue decreased by 6.2% compared to the same
     period last year, and service revenue decreased by 7.8% compared to the same period last year.
     Please see the chart below for details:


                                                                 Total revenue


                                                                                                                                   515
                                                                                                                             266
                    Products Revenue                                                                                                      485
                                                                                     %
                    Service Revenue                                              6.1
                    (RMB in million)                                        R : 2 2.7%                                                              R
                                                                                                                                                 ra ev
                                                                          G      3                                     339                     S te en
                                                                        CA R:                                                                gr erv : -6 ue g
                                                                    w th CAG                                                                   ow ice .2 ro
                                                                                                                                                  th re % wt
                                                                 ro     e                                        405
                                                              e g venu
                                                                                                                                                     ra ve       h
                                                                                                                                                       te nu
                                                           nu                                                                                            :- e
                                                       e ve e Re                                          246                                              7.
                                                                                                                                                              8%
                                                      R rvic
                                                       Se
                                                                                                    436
                                                                                                                                                154 278

                                                                                              210

                                                                                        297
                                                                                 282
                                                                           138
                                                                     217
                                                               284
                                                         227
                                       253 241 184
              108 187 148        45
               58   107   235    310   559   742   921 1,374 1,960 2,551 3,068 4,147 4,832 6,574 8,808 10,339 11,637 13,762 18,132 19,49016,632 8,296 7,648
              2003A 2004A 2005A 2006A 2007A 2008A 2009A 2010A 2011A 2012A 2013A 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017A 2018A 2019A 2020A 2021A 2022A 2023A 2023H1 2024H1




     Customer
     The Group’s clients are located worldwide, including regions such as Asia-Pacific, North
     America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, in addition to Greater China. The Group has long-term
     relationships with many renowned domestic and international large enterprises and high-growth
     potential clients, such as Huawei, HSBC, Ping An, Bank of Communications, China Construction
     Bank, Honor, Tencent, Alibaba, Baidu, China Mobile, China Telecom, PetroChina, CNOOC, and
     State Grid. In the first half of 2024, service revenue from the top five clients accounted for 60.0%
     of the Group’s total service revenue, while service revenue from the top ten clients accounted for
     68.8% of the Group’s total service revenue.

     As of June 30, 2024, the Group had 187 major clients with service revenue exceeding RMB6
     million in the past twelve months.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                                                                                                           35




Market
During the reporting period, the Group’s business was primarily concentrated in the Greater China
region, where the vast market potential continues to provide growth opportunities for the Group.
In the Chinese market, the Group holds a significant market share, particularly in major industries
such as finance, energy, government, telecommunications, transportation, high-tech, and the
Internet. Domestically, the Group primarily targets economically developed areas like the Greater
Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta, and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, as well as central and western
hub regions, deeply engaging in cities like Shenzhen, Beijing, Xi’an, Guangzhou, Nanjing, and
Shanghai. The Group actively leverages its “Spearhead-Legion-Stronghold” organizational
advantages to comprehensively advance the implementation of “AI+” solutions across industries.
In overseas markets, the Group has established R&D and delivery centers in multiple countries
and regions, including Hong Kong, Thailand, Japan, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE,
successfully developing multiple successful cases in digital government, smart cities, and smart
venues.

Human Resources
As of June 30, 2024, the total number of employees in the Group reached 69,898, compared to
72,937 as of June 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 4.2% year-over-year.

Since its listing on the Growth Enterprise Market in 2003, the Group’s total personnel has
changed as follows:



                                                             Employment size

                                                                                                                                                92,039
                                                                                                                                                         82,140
                                                                                                                                       75,956
                                                                                                                                                                           72,937
                                                                                                                                                                  69,976            69,898
                                                                                                                       62,495 61,380

                                                                                                              50,823
                                                                                                     47,188


                                                                                            31,504
                                                                            23,607 25,856
                                                                   18,946
                                                          14,496
                                                 10,940
                                         7,759
                             4,363 4,816
     238   477 1,055 2,382

     2003A 2004A 2005A 2006A 2007A 2008A 2009A 2010A 2011A 2012A 2013A 2014A 2015A 2016A 2017A 2018A 2019A 2020A 2021A 2022A 2023A                                       3J une
                                                                                                                                                                      202 End
                                                                                                                                                                         4J
                                                                                                                                                                    202     une End
36   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Operating Results
     The following is the Group’s consolidated comprehensive income statement for the first half of
     2023 and 2024 (unaudited):

                                                     2024                                 2023
                                                                   % of                                 % of
                                          For the       % of     Service       For the       % of     Service
                                        first half   Revenue    Revenue      first half   Revenue    Revenue
                                       RMB’000                              RMB’000

     Revenue                           7,926,183         N/A        N/A     8,450,060         N/A        N/A
     Service revenue                   7,647,920         N/A        N/A     8,295,751         N/A        N/A
     Cost of sales and services       (6,094,783)     (76.9%)    (79.7%)   (6,448,925)     (76.3%)    (77.7%)

     Gross profit                      1,831,400       23.1%      23.9%     2,001,135       23.7%      24.1%
     Other income                         94,577        1.2%       1.2%       143,660        1.7%       1.7%
     Other gains or losses               104,890        1.3%       1.4%        (5,663)      (0.1%)     (0.1%)
     Selling and distribution costs     (425,950)      (5.4%)     (5.6%)     (420,993)      (5.0%)     (5.1%)
     Other expenses                      (44,638)      (0.6%)     (0.6%)      (38,083)      (0.5%)     (0.5%)
     Administrative expenses          (1,113,278)     (14.0%)    (14.6%)   (1,210,380)     (14.3%)    (14.6%)
     Finance costs                       (99,837)      (1.3%)     (1.3%)      (83,087)      (1.0%)     (1.0%)
     Impairment losses under
       expected credit loss model,
       net of reversal                   (15,455)      (0.2%)     (0.2%)      (14,800)      (0.2%)     (0.2%)
     Share of results of
       investments accounted for
       using the equity method           (34,684)      (0.4%)     (0.5%)      (28,598)      (0.3%)     (0.3%)
     Loss from derecognition of
       financial assets measured
       at amortised cost                  (1,191)      (0.0%)     (0.0%)         (818)      (0.0%)     (0.0%)

     Profit before taxation             295,834         3.7%       3.9%      342,373        4.1%        4.1%
     Income tax expense                 (10,481)       (0.1%)     (0.1%)       8,314        0.1%        0.1%

     Profit for the period              285,353        3.6%        3.7%      350,687        4.2%        4.2%


     Profit attributable to Owners
       of the Company                   285,720        3.6%        3.7%      351,028        4.2%        4.2%
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                       37




Revenue
In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved revenue of RMB7,926.183 million (first half of 2023:
RMB8,450.060 million), representing a decrease of 6.2% compared to the same period last
year. In the first half of 2024, service revenue was RMB7,647.920 million (first half of 2023:
RMB8,295.751 million), representing a decrease of 7.8% compared to the same period last year.
The decline in revenue was mainly due to the impact of the contraction in business demand from
core major clients last year.

TPG and IIG’s revenue and proportion of total revenue for the first half of 2024 are as follow:

                                  Six                             Six
                              months                          months
                               Ended                          Ended
                              30 June             % of       30 June             % of        Growth
                                 2024             Total         2023             Total         Rate
                             RMB’000                        RMB’000

TPG                         7,076,954           89.3%      7,631,522           90.3%           (7.3%)
IIG                           849,229           10.7%        818,538            9.7%            3.7%

Total                       7,926,183            100%      8,450,060            100%           (6.2%)


Cost of Sales and Services
In the first half of 2024, the Group’s cost of sales and services was RMB6,094.783 million (first half
of 2023: RMB6,448.925 million), representing a decrease of 5.5% compared to the same period
last year. In the first half of 2024, the Group’s cost of sales and services was accounted for 76.9%
of revenue (first half of 2023: 76.3%), representing an increase of 0.6% compared to the same
period last year.

Gross Profit
In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved a gross profit of RMB1,831.400 million (first half of
2023: RMB2,001.135 million), representing a decrease of 8.5% compared to the same period
last year. The Group’s gross profit margin in the first half of 2024 was 23.1% (first half of 2023:
23.7%), representing a decrease of 0.6% compared to the same period last year. In the first half
of 2024, the Group’s gross profit as a percentage of service revenue was 23.9% (first half of 2023:
24.1%), representing a decrease of 0.2% compared to the same period last year. The decline in
gross profit margin during the reporting period was primarily due to price reductions by core major
clients, which led to a decrease in the Group’s profits. In the future, the Group will continue to
enhance efficiency and quality through the integration of finance and quality in traditional business
areas. Additionally, the Group will increase the proportion of high-margin service businesses,
vigorously expand cloud services and cloud solutions, and accelerate the development of
AIGC, AIoT and general ERP industries to improve service and product competitiveness and
continuously enhance gross profit margin levels.
38   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Other Income
     In the first half of 2024, other income was RMB94.577 million (first half of 2023: RMB143.660
     million), representing a decrease of 34.2% compared to the same period last year. The decline
     was mainly due to a decrease in government subsidies compared to the same period last year
     and the termination of the VAT input tax additional deduction policy, leading to a reduction in
     other income during the reporting period.

     Other Gains or Losses
     In the first half of 2024, other gains were RMB104.890 million (first half of 2023: other losses were
     RMB5.663 million), primarily due to investment income from the Group’s disposal of equity in
     some associate companies during the reporting period.

     Operating Expenses
     In the first half of 2024, selling and distribution costs were RMB425.950 million (first half of 2023:
     RMB420.993 million), representing an increase of 1.2% compared to the same period last year.
     In the first half of 2024, selling and distribution costs accounted for 5.4% of revenue (first half of
     2023: 5.0%), representing an increase of 0.4% compared to the same period last year. During the
     reporting period, the company intensified its layout in innovative and overseas businesses.

     In the first half of 2024, administrative expenses were RMB1,113.278 million (first half of 2023:
     RMB1,210.380 million), representing a decrease of 8.0% compared to the same period last year.
     In the first half of 2024, administrative expenses accounted for 14.0% of revenue (first half of
     2023: 14.3%), representing a decrease of 0.3% compared to the same period last year. Excluding
     share-based payment expenses, the proportion of administrative expenses to revenue decreased
     by 1.2% compared to the same period last year. During the reporting period, the Group achieved
     a reduction in management expenses for functional and business departments by strengthening
     budget management.

     Finance Costs and Income Tax
     In the first half of 2024, finance costs were RMB99.837 million (first half of 2023: RMB83.087
     million), representing an increase of 20.2% compared to the same period last year. Finance costs
     accounted for 1.3% of revenue, an increase of 0.3% from 1.0% in the same period last year. The
     increase in finance costs was primarily due to an increase in interest on overseas syndicated
     loans during the reporting period, while the Group also completed partial refinancing of high-cost
     syndicated loans in the first half of the year.

     In the first half of 2024, losses from derecognition of financial assets measured at amortized cost
     were RMB1.191 million (first half of 2023: RMB0.818 million), representing an increase of 45.6%
     compared to the same period last year.

     In the first half of 2024, income tax expense was RMB10.481 million (first half of 2023: income
     tax benefit of RMB8.314 million), primarily due to tax refund income generated from the final
     settlement and payment of income tax in the same period last year.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                         39




Other Non-Cash Expenses
In the first half of 2024, other expenses were RMB44.638 million (first half of 2023: RMB38.083
million), representing an increase of 17.2% compared to the same period last year. Other
expenses accounted for 0.6% of revenue, an increase of 0.1% from 0.5% in the same period last
year.

In the first half of 2024, impairment losses under the expected credit loss model, net of reversal,
were RMB15.455 million (first half of 2023: RMB14.800 million), representing an increase of 4.4%
compared to the same period last year.

Working Capital, Financial and Capital Resource
In the first half of 2024, the Group had a total available cash balance (the sum of bank balances
and cash, pledged bank deposits, and term deposits) of RMB3,937.782 million (End of 2023:
RMB5,088.641 million).

In the first half of 2024, the Group’s net current assets were RMB8,095.537 million (End of 2023:
RMB9,983.119 million). The current ratio (the ratio of current assets to current liabilities) in the
first half of 2024 was 3.0, compared to 4.4 in 2023, representing a decrease of 1.4.

In the first half of 2024, the Group’s borrowings were RMB3,605.110 million (End of 2023:
RMB3,016.817 million). The net gearing ratio is calculated based on the borrowings (borrowings
and convertible bonds less available cash (the sum of bank balances and cash, pledged bank
deposits, and term deposits)) divided by total equity. In the first half of 2024, the Group’s available
cash balance exceeded the sum of borrowings and convertible bonds, resulting in a negative net
gearing ratio.

Profit for the Period and Earnings Per Share (EPS)
In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved a profit for the period of RMB285.353 million (first half
of 2023: RMB350.687 million), representing a decrease of 18.6% compared to the same period
last year. The profit for the period in the first half of 2024 accounted for 3.6% of revenue (first half
of 2023: 4.2%), representing a decrease of 0.6% compared to the same period last year. The
profit for the period in the first half of 2024 accounted for 3.7% of service revenue (first half of
2023: 4.2%), representing a decrease of 0.5% compared to the same period last year.

In the first half of 2024, the profit attributable to owners of the Group was RMB285.720 million
(first half of 2023: RMB351.028 million), representing a decrease of 18.6% compared to the same
period last year.

Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Group, the basic earnings per share in the
first half of 2024 were calculated to be RMB10.93 cents (first half of 2023: RMB12.44 cents),
representing a decrease of 12.1% compared to the same period last year.
40   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Segment Revenue and Results
     For the first half of 2024, the segment’s growth of revenue and results are as follow:

                                              Revenue                                 Results
                                 Six Months   Six Months                Six Months   Six Months
                                      Ended       Ended                      Ended       Ended
                                    30 June      30 June      Growth       30 June      30 June     Growth
                                       2024         2023        Rate          2024         2023       Rate
                                   RMB’000      RMB’000                   RMB’000      RMB’000

     TPG                          7,076,954    7,631,522       (7.3%)      295,865     379,364      (22.0%)
     IIG                            849,229      818,538        3.7%        60,017      66,515       (9.8%)

     Total                        7,926,183    8,450,060       (6.2%)      355,882     445,879      (20.2%)


     In terms of segment revenue, TPG’s revenue decreased by 7.3% year-on-year, the main reason
     is due to the contraction of business demand from core major clients last year. IIG’s revenue
     increased by 3.7% year-on-year, primarily due to an increase in computing power business
     revenue during the reporting period.

     In terms of segment performance, TPG’s result decreased by 22.0% year-on-year, mainly due to
     price reductions by core major clients, which led to a decrease in the Group’s profits. IIG’s result
     decreased by 9.8% year-on-year, primarily due to increased R&D investment in new businesses
     such as AI Agent, “Ask” series models, and AIGC products and computing power operation
     products during the reporting period.

     The year 2024 marks the Group’s strategic push to fully embrace the AIGC transformation and is
     the inaugural year for Chinasoft International’s consulting services, industry model training, and
     Model Factory. The Group is accelerating full-stack, full-scenario innovative practices within the
     “1+3” business domains, with its strategic layout becoming increasingly clear and its commercial
     reach gradually deepening. Leveraging the cloud intelligence foundation, the Group provides
     value clients with AIGC Model Factory and Agent applications, HarmonyOS and AIoT smart IoT/
     digital twin applications, enterprise application services, and digital transformation consulting and
     implementation. The Group is comprehensively building in-depth industry-supply “AI+” solutions,
     continuously penetrating customers to capture more value share. As a result, the Group’s
     business structure will continue to improve, and profit margins will gradually increase.

     Fund Raising Activities
     During the current and last year, no fund raising activities had been conducted by the Group. The
     details of the fund raising activity which had been conducted by the Group with unused proceeds
     is summarised as below:
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                                                     41



On 4 October 2021, the Company entered into the placing agreement with the placing agent,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, to procure not less than six placees on a best efforts basis to
purchase up to an aggregate of 162,000,000 placing shares at the placing price of HK$12.26 per
placing share.

The placing shares were allotted on 12 October 2021 under the general mandate granted to the
Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 18 May 2021. The net proceeds
from the placing is approximately HK$1,970 million (after deduction of commission and other
expenses of the placing). The intended use and actual use of the proceeds are as follow:

                                                                                            The amount of the
                                                                                            remaining net
Net proceeds      Intended use of                      Actual use of                        proceeds as at       Expected time
allocation        the proceeds                         the proceeds                         30 June 2024         of utilisation
                                                                                                                 (Note)

Approximately     For the research and development     Approximately HK$767 million         Approximately         Before
 HK$788 million     of full-stack cloud smart            were used for the research and       HK$21 million to      31 December 2024
                    products and solutions, as well      development of full-stack cloud      be for the intended
                    as investments and mergers           smart products and solutions, as     use
                    and acquisitions related to the      well as investments and mergers
                    Company’s main business              and acquisitions related to the
                                                         Company’s main business

Approximately     For developing hardware and          Approximately HK$244 million were    Approximately         Before
 HK$788 million     software products and                used for developing hardware         HK$544 million to     31 December 2024
                    solutions for HarmonyOS and          and software products and            be for the intended
                    OpenHarmony, the research            solutions for HarmonyOS and          use
                    and development of full-stack        OpenHarmony, the research
                    technologies required for atomic     and development of full-stack
                    services, making investments         technologies required for atomic
                    and mergers and acquisitions         services, making investments
                    around the HarmonyOS and             and mergers and acquisitions
                    OpenHarmony industrial ecology       around the HarmonyOS and
                                                         OpenHarmony industrial ecology

Approximately     For general working capital of the   Approximately HK$394 million were    –                    –
 HK$394 million     Company                              used for general working capital
                                                         of the Company

     Note:	The expected time frame for fully applying the unutilised proceeds is based on the best
            estimation of the future market conditions and strategic development made by the Group,
            which may be subject to changes and adjustments based on the future development of
            market conditions.
42




     INTERIM RESULTS
     The board of Directors (the “Board”) of Chinasoft International Limited (the “Company”) is pleased
     to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024 with corresponding figures as follows:

     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     (UNAUDITED)
                                                                               For the six months
                                                                                 ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                               Notes          RMB’000          RMB’000
     Revenue                                                    4             7,926,183       8,450,060
     Cost of sales and services                                              (6,094,783)     (6,448,925)

     Gross profit                                                             1,831,400       2,001,135
     Other income                                                                94,577         143,660
     Other gains or losses                                                      104,890          (5,663)
     Selling and distribution costs                                            (425,950)       (420,993)
     Other expenses                                                             (44,638)        (38,083)
     Administrative expenses                                                 (1,113,278)     (1,210,380)
     Finance costs                                              5               (99,837)        (83,087)
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
        net of reversal                                                         (15,455)        (14,800)
     Share of results of investments accounted for using the
        equity method                                                           (34,684)        (28,598)
     Loss from derecognition of financial assets measured at
        amortised cost                                                           (1,191)           (818)

     Profit before taxation                                                    295,834         342,373
     Income tax expense                                         6              (10,481)          8,314

     Profit for the period                                                     285,353         350,687

     Other comprehensive expense
     Exchange differences arising on transaction
       of foreign operations                                                     (2,420)         (3,266)

     Total comprehensive income for the period                                 282,933         347,421
     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                   285,720         351,028
       Non-controlling interests                                                  (367)           (341)

                                                                               285,353         350,687

     Total comprehensive income attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                  283,300         347,762
        Non-controlling interests                                                 (367)           (341)

                                                                               282,933         347,421

     Earnings per share                                         8
       – Basic (cents)                                                           10.93            12.44

       – Diluted (cents)                                                         10.56            12.08
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED)                      43




                                                (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                      2024            2023
                                        Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000

Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                   1,214,378       1,150,858
 Right-of-use assets                               353,350         320,273
 Intangible assets                                 342,270         336,136
 Goodwill                                          843,654         843,654
 Investments accounted for using
   the equity method                               415,107         428,906
 Financial assets at fair value                    435,626         282,686
 Derivative financial assets                           284          28,988
 Other receivables                                   9,409           6,562
 Term deposits                                   1,394,000         704,000
 Pledged bank deposits                                   –          17,970
 Deferred tax assets                                 3,436           2,308

                                                 5,011,514       4,122,341

Current assets
 Inventories                                       154,653          96,182
 Trade and other receivables             9       7,094,588       6,091,897
 Bills receivable                                   56,461          74,545
 Contract assets                                 2,164,565       2,091,903
 Financial assets at fair value                     75,000         100,000
 Derivative financial assets                             –          11,325
 Amount due from related companies                 106,827         112,806
 Term deposits                                     679,000         556,641
 Pledged bank deposits                              23,211          21,920
 Bank balances and cash                          1,841,571       3,788,110

                                                12,195,876      12,945,329

Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                10      1,555,845       1,662,625
 Bills payable                                      25,309           3,364
 Lease liabilities                                 126,525         114,663
 Contract liabilities                              262,037         254,421
 Amounts due to related companies                   19,519          29,464
 Dividend payable                                       81              81
 Taxation payable                                  127,429         162,819
 Borrowings                              11      1,983,594         734,773

                                                 4,100,339       2,962,210

Net current assets                               8,095,537       9,983,119

Total assets less current liabilities           13,107,051      14,105,460
44   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED)




                                                 (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                    30 June     31 December
                                                       2024             2023
                                         Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000

     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                       10,159           10,667
      Lease liabilities                              71,720           41,021
      Borrowings                          11      1,621,516        2,282,044
      Derivative financial liabilities                    –            4,968

                                                  1,703,395        2,338,700

                                                 11,403,656       11,766,760


     Capital and reserves
      Share capital                       12         126,972         133,029
      Share premium                                4,712,015       5,474,719
      Treasury shares                             (1,004,093)     (1,114,363)
      Reserves                                     7,544,830       7,249,076

     Equity attributable to owners
       of the Company                            11,379,724       11,742,461
     Non-controlling interests                       23,932           24,299

     Total equity                                11,403,656       11,766,760
                                                                                                                      Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                   through                        Equity-
                                                                                                                      other                       settled                Statutory   Statutory
                                                                                                              comprehensive                 share-based       General   enterprise     surplus                                    Non-
                                                               Share        Share       Treasury        Other       income Translation          payment       reserve   expansion      reserve Accumulated                  controlling
                                                              capital    premium          shares     reserves       reserve        reserve       reserve         fund         fund        fund      profits       Total       interests       Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

At 1 January 2023                                             136,837    6,013,911      (538,555)    (122,769)      (13,834)      (17,956)      262,839        15,793      26,749     314,075     6,032,675   12,109,765        25,026    12,134,791

Profit for the period                                               –             –             –           –             –             –             –             –            –          –       351,028     351,028           (341)     350,687
Other comprehensive (expenses) income
  for the period                                                    –             –             –           –             –        (3,266)            –             –            –          –             –       (3,266)            –        (3,266)

Total comprehensive income (expenses)
  for the period                                                    –             –             –           –             –        (3,266)            –             –            –          –       351,028     347,762           (341)     347,421

Recognition of share-based payments expenses                        –             –            –            –             –             –        34,331             –            –          –             –       34,331             –        34,331
Repurchase of shares                                                –             –     (230,053)           –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –     (230,053)            –      (230,053)
Cancellation of repurchase of shares                           (2,038)    (194,998)      197,036            –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –            –             –             –
Vesting of share awards                                             –       (10,206)      74,017            –             –             –       (63,811)            –            –          –             –            –             –             –
Purchase of shares under share award scheme                         –             –     (659,696)           –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –     (659,696)            –      (659,696)
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders                             –     (138,336)            –            –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –     (138,336)            –      (138,336)

At 30 June 2023                                               134,799    5,670,371     (1,157,251)   (122,769)      (13,834)      (21,222)      233,359        15,793      26,749     314,075     6,383,703   11,463,773        24,685    11,488,458

At 1 January 2024                                             133,029    5,474,719     (1,114,363)   (122,769)      (13,834)      (24,137)      268,500        15,793      26,749     355,695     6,743,079   11,742,461        24,299    11,766,760

Profit for the period                                               –             –             –           –             –             –             –             –            –          –       285,720     285,720           (367)     285,353
Other comprehensive (expenses) income
  for the period                                                    –             –             –           –             –        (2,420)            –             –            –          –             –       (2,420)            –        (2,420)

Total comprehensive income (expenses)
  for the period                                                    –             –             –           –             –        (2,420)            –             –            –          –       285,720     283,300           (367)     282,933

Recognition of equity-settled share-based payment expenses          –            –             –            –             –             –       107,861             –            –          –             –      107,861             –       107,861
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                          (6,057)    (557,158)            –            –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –     (563,215)            –      (563,215)
Vesting of share awards                                             –      (14,863)      110,270            –             –             –       (95,407)            –            –          –             –            –             –             –
Dividends paid to ordinary shareholders                             –     (190,683)            –            –             –             –             –             –            –          –             –     (190,683)            –      (190,683)

At 30 June 2024                                               126,972    4,712,015     (1,004,093)   (122,769)      (13,834)      (26,557)      280,954        15,793      26,749     355,695     7,028,799   11,379,724        23,932    11,403,656
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (UNAUDITED)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        45
46   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)




                                                                  Six months ended
                                                                       30 June
                                                                     2024         2023
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

     Net cash used in operating activities                       (686,433)    (731,184)

     Net cash used in investing activities                       (910,800)    (721,980)

     Net cash generated from financial activities                (332,717)     812,612

     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                  (1,929,950)   (640,552)

     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                       (16,589)     77,986

     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period   3,788,110     5,005,226

     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period         1,841,571     4,442,660
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                      47



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman
     Islands on 16 February 2000 under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated
     and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company were listed on the Growth
     Enterprise Market of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with
     effect from 20 June 2003. On 29 December 2008, the listing of the shares of the Company was
     transferred to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the
     functional currency of the Company.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its
     subsidiaries (the “Group”) are development and provision of information technology (“IT”) solutions
     services, IT outsourcing services and training services.

2.   BASIS OF PRESENTATION
     The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
     with the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix D2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities (“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) and
     with the Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).

3.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
     except for certain financial instruments, which are measured at their fair values.

     The accounting policies used in these condensed consolidated financial statements are consistent
     with those followed in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of new standards and interpretations effective
     as at 1 January 2024.

     The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA for the first
     time in the current interim period.

     Amendments to HKAS 16              Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback1
     Amendments to HKAS 1               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                          amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)1
     Amendments to HKAS 1               Non-current Liabilities with Convenants1
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and           Supplier Finance Arrangements1
      HKFRS 7

     The adoption of these new and revised HKFRSs did not have any significant effect on the unaudited
     condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group.
48   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
          Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

          Nature of goods and services
           Provision of services
              Project-based development services                                1,125,174         1,049,550
              Outsourcing services                                              6,418,172         7,149,360
              Others                                                              104,574            96,841

                                                                                7,647,920         8,295,751
            Sales of software and hardware products                               278,263           154,309

                                                                                7,926,183         8,450,060


                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

          Timing of revenue recognition
            Over time                                                           7,647,920         8,295,751
            At a point in time                                                    278,263           154,309

                                                                                7,926,183         8,450,060

          Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable for goods sold and services rendered
          during the period.

          Information reported to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, being the chief operating
          decision maker, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
          focuses on the category of customers by the Group’s operating divisions.

          The Group’s operating and reportable segments are as follows:

          1.	 Technical Professional Services Group (“TPG”) – development, provision of solutions, IT
              outsourcing services for banks and other financial institutions, telecommunication carriers and
              other large-scale multinational companies, including sale of products.

          2.	 Internet IT Services Group (“IIG”) – development, provision of solutions and IT outsourcing
              services for government, tobacco industry and other small- scaled companies and training
              business, including sale of products.

          Information regarding the above segments is reported as below:
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  49



  Segment revenue and results
  The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenues and results by reportable operating segment:

                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                 Segment revenue          Segment results
                                                   2024         2023        2024        2023
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

  Technical Professional Services
     Group (TPG)                                7,076,954        7,631,522       295,865    379,364
  Internet IT Services Group (IIG)                849,229          818,538        60,017     66,515

                                                7,926,183        8,450,060       355,882    445,879

  During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the segment revenue is reported after eliminating
  inter-segment services revenue of RMB99,360,000 (2023: RMB324,569,000).

  Reconciliation of segment results to profit before taxation:

                                                                              For the six months
                                                                                ended 30 June
                                                                                 2024           2023
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

  Segment results                                                              355,882      445,879
  Unallocated other income, gains and losses unallocated                        (4,071)       9,324
  Unallocated interest on borrowings                                           (71,470)     (54,840)
  Corporate expenses                                                           (17,422)     (22,861)
  Share-based payment expenses                                                (107,861)     (34,331)
  Unallocated share of result of investments accounted for
    using the equity method                                                       (989)         (798)
  Loss on deemed disposal of investments accounted for
    using the equity method                                                   141,765                 –

  Profit before taxation                                                      295,834       342,373

  Segment revenue by products and services:

                                                                              For the six months
                                                                                ended 30 June
                                                                                 2024           2023
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

  Sales of software and hardware products                                     278,263       154,309

  Technical Professional Services Group (TPG)                                6,970,146     7,579,754
  Internet IT Services Group (IIG)                                             677,774       715,997

                                                                             7,647,920     8,295,751

                                                                             7,926,183     8,450,060
50   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     5.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                           ended 30 June
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

          Interest on borrowings                                                          96,377             77,399
          Interest of lease liabilities                                                    3,460              5,688


                                                                                          99,837             83,087


     6.   TAXATION
                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                           ended 30 June
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

          Tax charge comprises:
            PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                       8,281           (12,253)
            Others                                                                          2,200             3,939


                                                                                          10,481              (8,314)


          PRC Enterprise Income Tax is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant districts of the PRC.

          Taxation for other jurisdictions are calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   51



7.   DIVIDEND
     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, a final dividend of HK$0.0811 per ordinary share from
     share premium account of the Company in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
     HK$0.0567) was declared to the owners of the Company and paid on 26 June 2024. The aggregate
     amount of the final dividend declared during the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to
     HK$209,703,225 (2023: HK$153,445,586).

     The directors of the Company have resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months
     ended 30 June 2024 (2023: Nil).

8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity
     holders of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                             For the six months
                                                                               ended 30 June
                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

     Earnings for the purposes of calculating basic
       earnings per share and diluted earnings per share                     285,720           351,028

                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                              2024           2023

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
      the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share            2,614,104,739      2,821,509,612

     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share options                                                             –             26,521
       Share award scheme                                               92,010,310         84,173,265

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
      the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share          2,706,115,049      2,905,709,398

     The number of shares adopted in the calculation of the basic earnings per share has been arrived at
     after eliminating the shares of the Company held under the Company’s share award scheme.

     The computation of diluted earnings per share for the period ended 30 June 2024 does not assume
     the exercise of all of the Company’s share options granted since the exercise prices of all these
     share options were higher than the average market price of shares of the Company.
52   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     9.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Trade receivables, net of allowance                                   6,282,802        5,304,724

          Advances to suppliers                                                   470,938          555,238
          Deposits, prepayments and other receivables,
           net of allowance                                                       350,257          238,497

                                                                                7,103,997        6,098,459


          Analysed for reporting purposes as:
            Non-current assets                                                      9,409            6,562
            Current assets                                                      7,094,588        6,091,897

                                                                                7,103,997        6,098,459


          Included in the non-current assets are other receivables representing the refundable lease deposit
          for the rental office.

          The credit terms of the Group range from 30 to 180 days. An aged analysis of trade receivables
          (net of allowance), presented based on the dates of invoices for sales of goods and services for
          projected-based development contracts, and dates of rendering of other types of services at the
          end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Within 90 days                                                        4,162,887        4,019,768
          Between 91 – 180 days                                                   848,476          573,831
          Between 181 – 365 days                                                  887,555          425,885
          Between 1 – 2 years                                                     383,884          285,240

                                                                                6,282,802        5,304,724


          Before accepting any new customer, the Group assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and
          defines credit limits by each customer. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed each time.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    53



10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

   Trade payables                                                          632,828               641,287
   Other payables                                                          923,017             1,021,338
                                                                                      •••




                                                                         1,555,845             1,662,625


   An aged analysis of trade payables, presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting
   period is as follows:

                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

   Within 90 days                                                          237,516               258,236
   Between 91-180 days                                                      64,567                26,922
   Between 181-365 days                                                     76,527               145,905
   Between 1-2 years                                                       152,033                99,749
   Over 2 years                                                            102,185               110,475
                                                                                      •••




                                                                           632,828               641,287


   The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days. The Group has financial risk
   management policies in place to ensure that sufficient working capital is maintained to meet its
   obligations when they fall due.

   The fair value of the Group’s trade and other payables at 30 June 2024 was approximately equal to
   the corresponding carrying amount.
54   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     11. BORROWINGS
                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

        Unsecured bank loans (Note (i))                                     3,605,110        2,972,667
        Secured bank loans (Note (iii))                                             –           44,150

                                                                            3,605,110        3,016,817


                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

        Carrying amount repayable:
         Within one year                                                    1,983,594          734,773
         Within a period of more than one year but not more than
            two years                                                       1,222,516        2,282,044
         Within a period of more than two year but not more than
            five years                                                        399,000                –

                                                                            3,605,110        3,016,817

        Less: Amounts due within one year shown under
             current liabilities                                            (1,983,594)       (734,773)

        Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                         1,621,516        2,282,044


                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

        Total borrowings
          At floating interest rates – under an instalment loan facility
            (Note (i) and (ii))                                             1,222,915        2,692,396
          At floating interest rates – others (Note (i) and (iv))                   –          180,193
          At fixed interest rates – others (Note (i) and (v))               2,382,195          100,078
          At fixed interest rates – secured bank loans (Note (iii))                 –           44,150

                                                                            3,605,110        3,016,817
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    55



11. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
   Notes:

   (i)    Guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company.

   (ii)   During 2022 and 2023, the Company raised loans of HK$3 billion in two tranches from its
          loan facility with a group of financial institutions. The loans represent commitments under the
          facility agreement and 100%, the Group made early repayment of HK$1.65 billion in February
          2024, and the remaining HK$1.35 billion are repayable upon maturity in December 2025. The
          contracted interest rate is the applicable Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 1.3%
          per annum. Under the terms of the facility agreement, the Company is required to comply with
          financial covenants to maintain a consolidated tangible net worth of no less than RMB3,800
          million, and certain ratios of (1) consolidated EBITDA to consolidated financial expenses, (2)
          consolidated total net debt to consolidated EBITDA, and (3) cash dividend to distributable
          profits of the Company. The Group has complied with the relevants during the reporting period.

   (iii) Bill receivables with a net carrying value of RMB nil (2023: RMB44,150,000) are pledged to
         secure certain bank loans granted to the Group.

   (iv) Interests on borrowings are charged at interest rates announced by the People’s Bank of China.
        The average interest rate during the first half year of 2024 is 2.12% (2023: 2.19%) per annum.

   (v) Interests on fixed interest rates borrowings are charged at interest rates ranged from 2.30% to
       2.60% (2023: 2.55%) per annum.
56   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     12. SHARE CAPITAL
        Ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each:
                                                                        Number            Nominal
                                                                       of shares          amount
                                                                                             HK$
        Authorised

        At 1 January 2023, 30 June 2023, 1 January 2024
          and 30 June 2024                                         4,000,000,000      200,000,000


                                                                                          Amount
                                                                                     shown in the
                                                     Number of           Nominal         financial
                                                        shares           amount       statements
                                                                            HK$         RMB’000

        Issued and fully paid

        At 1 January 2023                        3,027,011,358       151,350,569          136,837
        Cancellation of repurchased shares         (45,102,000)       (2,255,100)          (2,038)

        At 30 June 2023                          2,981,909,358       149,095,469          134,799


        At 31 December 2023 and
          1 January 2024                         2,943,299,358       147,164,969          133,029
        Cancellation of repurchased shares        (133,546,000)       (6,677,300)          (6,057)

        At 30 June 2024                          2,809,753,358       140,487,669          126,972


     13. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

        Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in
          the consolidated financial statements
          – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     5,692          1,296
          – construction of property, plant and equipment                  486,965        540,795

                                                                           492,657        542,091


        In addition, as at 30 June 2024, the Group is committed to contributions of further capital
        amounting to RMB246,708,000 (2023: RMB276,408,000) under the relevant agreements for its
        investments in entities accounted for using equity method and using fair value.
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                             57



14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   During the relevant periods in 2023 and 2024, the Group had the following transactions with the
   following related parties:

                                                                        For the six months
                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

   Provision of IT outsourcing services by the Group                       4,604            1,273


   Provision of IT solution services by the Group                          2,388            2,555


   Provision of other services by the Group                                1,801            1,811


   The Directors are of the opinion that the above transactions were conducted under normal
   commercial terms in the usual course of business of the Company.

15. EMPLOYEE AND OTHER INFORMATION
   The total employee benefits expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB6,526,599,000
   including the directors’ emoluments of approximately RMB22,389,000 during the six months ended
   30 June 2024 (2023: approximately RMB7,199,889,000, including the directors’ emoluments of
   approximately RMB11,995,000).

   The amortisation charge of intangible assets and depreciation during the six months ended 30
   June 2024 of the Group amounted to approximately RMB44,638,000 (2023: RMB38,083,000) and
   approximately RMB130,436,000 (2023: RMB198,267,000), respectively.
58   OTHER INFORMATION




     THE CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board of directors of the Company believes that corporate governance is essential to the
     success of the Company and has adopted various measures to ensure that a high standard
     of corporate governance is maintained to safeguard the interests of shareholders, customers,
     service vendors, employees and other stakeholders. The code provisions in the Corporate
     Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules have served as
     guideposts for the Company to follow in its implementation of corporate governance measures.

     In the opinion of the Board, the Group has complied with the CG Code from 1 January 2024 to 30
     June 2024, except for the following deviations as explained:

     Code Provision C.1.6
     Under Code provision C.1.6, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
     directors, as equal board members, should give the Board and any committees on which they
     serve the benefit of their skills, expertise and varied backgrounds and qualifications through
     regular attendance and active participation. They should also attend general meetings to gain
     and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Due to other business
     commitment, two independent non-executive Directors and two non-executive Directors were
     unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 May 2024 in Hong Kong
     (the “2023 AGM”).

     Code Provision C.2.1
     Under Code provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separated
     and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between
     the chairman and chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing. Dr. Chen
     Yuhong currently assumes the roles of both the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of
     the Company. The Board believes that by holding both roles, Dr. Chen will be able to provide
     the Group with strong and consistent leadership, and it allows for more effective and efficient
     business planning and decisions as well as execution of long-term business strategies of the
     Group. As such, the structure is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group.

     The Board will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the
     conduct and growth of its business and to review such practices from time to time to ensure that
     they comply with statutory and professional standards and align with the latest developments.

     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
     Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules on terms no less
     exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding
     securities transactions by Directors. In response to a specific enquiry by the Company, all
     Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code
     regarding securities transactions by Directors throughout the period ended 30 June 2024.
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                                                         59




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES
As at 30 June 2024, the following Directors had interests in the shares and underlying shares of
the Company and shares in an associated corporation (as defined in Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) of the Company as
set out below and recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by directors of listed issuers.

Long positions in shares of HK$0.05 each in the capital of the Company (“Shares”)
                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                            % of total
                                                                                           Number of                            issued
                                                                                           underlying                   ordinary share
                                                                          Number of       shares held          Total              as at
                                                                     issued ordinary     under equity     number of           30 June
Name            Capacity                                                 shares held       derivatives       shares               2024

Chen Yuhong     Beneficial owner, through controlled corporation,        315,488,861                 –    340,138,144           12.11%
                    founder of discretionary trust and beneficiary            (Note 1)
                    of trust
                Interest of other parties to an agreement required        24,649,283
                    to be disclosed under S.317 of the SFO                    (Note 2)

He Ning         Beneficial owner and beneficiary of trust                  6,000,000                 –      6,000,000            0.21%
                                                                              (Note 3)

Tang Zhenming   Beneficial owner and beneficiary of trust                 24,891,765                 –     24,891,765            0.89%
                                                                              (Note 4)

Zhang Yaqin     Beneficial owner                                             400,000        1,000,000       1,400,000            0.05%
                                                                                               (Note 5)

Gao Liangyu     Beneficial owner                                                    –       1,000,000       1,000,000            0.04%
                                                                                               (Note 5)

Lai Guanrong    Beneficial owner                                                    –         800,000        800,000             0.03%
                                                                                               (Note 5)

Mo Lailan       Beneficial owner                                                    –         800,000        800,000             0.03%
                                                                                               (Note 5)

Yeung Tak Bun   Beneficiary of trust                                       1,000,000                 –      1,000,000            0.04%
                                                                              (Note 6)
60   OTHER INFORMATION



     Notes:

     (1) On 1 June 2020, there were 16,600,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Chen Yuhong and held
         by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of Communications Trustee Limited, of which
         5,600,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Chen during May 2021, 5,500,000
         awarded shares were vested during June 2022 and transferred to Dr.Chen during July 2022,
         1,650,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2023 and transferred to Dr. Chen during
         August 2023. During the reporting period, 2,200,000 awarded shares were vested during April 2024
         and transferred to Dr. Chen during May 2024. In addition, on 30 August 2023, there were 9,996,000
         awarded shares granted to Dr. Chen Yuhong and held by the same trustee, of which no awarded
         shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Chen during the reporting period. The remaining awarded
         shares will be vested by period based on future performance.

     (2) Pursuant to the concert party agreement entered by Dr. Chen Yuhong, Dan Capital Kunlun Limited
         Partnership (the “Kunlun”) and Dan Capital Management Limited (the “Dan Capital”) on 16 June
         2022, Dr. Chen was deemed to be interested in 24,649,283 shares of the Company held by Kunlun
         for the purposes of section 317 of the SFO. Please refer to Form 3A – Director/Chief Executive
         Notice – Interests in Shares of Listed Corporation dated 16 June 2022 for further details of the
         shareholding structure.

     (3) On 30 August 2023, there are 5,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. He Ning and held by
         the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of Communications Trustee Limited, of which no
         awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. He during the reporting period.

     (4) On 1 June 2020, there were 7,200,000 shares are the awarded shares granted to Dr. Tang
         Zhenming and held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of Communications Trustee
         Limited, of which 1,440,000 awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Tang during May
         2021, 1,440,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2022 and transferred to Dr. Tang during
         July 2022, 432,000 awarded shares were vested during June 2023 and transferred to Dr. Tang
         during August 2023. During the reporting period, 1,008,000 awarded shares were vested during
         April 2024 and transferred to Dr. Tang during May 2024. In addition, on 30 August 2023, there were
         5,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Tang Zhenming and held by the same trustee, of which no
         awarded shares were vested and transferred to Dr. Tang during the reporting period. The remaining
         awarded shares will be vested by period based on future performance.

     (5) The interests in underlying shares of the Company represent interests in options granted to the
         directors.

     (6) On 30 August 2023, there are 1,000,000 awarded shares granted to Mr. Yeung Tak Bun J.P. and
         held by the trustee to the Share Award Scheme – Bank of Communications Trustee Limited, of
         which no awarded shares were vested and transferred to Mr. Yeung during the reporting period.
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                                                            61



Options to subscribe for Shares
                                                                                        Percentage                        Percentage
                                                                                            of total     Total No. of         of total
                                                                                             issued       underlying           issued
                                    No. of       No. of        No. of        No. of        ordinary         ordinary         ordinary
                            share options share options share options share options        share of           shares         share of
                              outstanding       granted     exercised outstanding     the Company         interested    the Company
                 Exercise            as at       during        during         as at            as at            as at            as at
Name of Director    Price 1 January 2024     the period    the period 30 June 2024    30 June 2024     30 June 2024     30 June 2024 Note
                   (HK$)
Zhang Yaqin         5.65       1,000,000             –             –      1,000,000          0.04%        1,000,000           0.04%    (i)

Gao Liangyu         5.65       1,000,000             –             –      1,000,000          0.04%        1,000,000           0.04%    (i)

Lai Guanrong        5.65         800,000             –             –        800,000          0.03%          800,000           0.03%    (i)

Mo Lailan           5.65         800,000             –             –        800,000          0.03%          800,000           0.03%    (i)

Note:

(i)   These share options were offered on 27 August 2020 under the 2013 Share Option Scheme of the
      Company adopted on 20 May 2013 and accepted on 20 September 2020. The share options are
      exercisable for a period of 4 years from the date of offer subject to the following conditions:

      Exercisable Period                   Exercise Period
      Commencing                                   Ending              Number of share options exercisable

      27/08/2021                               26/08/2024              40% of the total number of share options
                                                                         granted
      27/08/2022                               26/08/2024              30% of the total number of share options
                                                                         granted
      27/08/2023                               26/08/2024              30% of the total number of share options
                                                                         granted

Save as disclosed above and so far as was known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2024, none
of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or shorts in the shares,
debentures or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in
Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
he is taken or deemed to have under such provision of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which were required,
pursuant to the required standard of dealings by directors of listed issuers as referred to the
Model Code, to be Company and the Stock Exchange.
62   OTHER INFORMATION




     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     A share option scheme (the “2013 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted by the Company for a
     period of 10 years pursuant to a written resolution of all the shareholders of the Company on 20
     May 2013. The 2013 Share Option Scheme was expired on 20 May 2023 and no further share
     options would be granted or accepted but in all other respects the provisions of the 2013 Share
     Option Scheme remained in full force and share options which were granted and accepted during
     the life of the 2013 Share Option Scheme may continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance
     with their terms of issue.

     Since 2013 Share Option Scheme was expired on 20 May 2023, the maximum number of shares
     which were issuable upon exercise of all options granted at any time under the 2013 Share Option
     Scheme and the Scheme Mandate Limit was 37,300,000 shares, representing approximately
     1.33% of the total issued ordinary share of the Company as at 30 June 2024.

     As at 30 June 2024, pursuant to the 2013 Share Option Scheme, the share options to subscribe
     for an aggregate of 37,300,000 Shares granted to certain Directors, employees and suppliers of
     the Group were outstanding, representing 1.33% of the total issued ordinary share capital of the
     Company as at 30 June 2024. The terms on the exercise of such share options granted as set
     out in note in the section headed “Directors’ Interests in Shares” above.

     During the reporting period, no share options were granted, exercised and lapsed under the 2013
     Share Option Scheme.
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                 63




SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Company on 10
December 2018. The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
commencing on 10 December 2018. The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise
the contributions by certain selected employees (including directors) and to provide them with
incentives in order to retain them for continual operation and development of the Group, and to
attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. There is no scheme mandate
or service provider sublimit applicable to the Share Award Scheme. As the grant of Awarded
Shares to Directors also forms part of their remuneration packages under their respective
service contracts with the Company, it is therefore exempt from the reporting, announcement
and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.73(6) and Rule 14A.95
of the Listing Rules. Details of the Share Award Scheme are set out in the announcement of the
Company dated 10 December 2018.

On 1 June 2020, the Company had granted a total of 152,000,000 awards to certain Directors
and employees of the Company pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, of which 23,800,000
awards were granted to the Directors of the Company. The 152,000,000 awards represented
the value of approximately HK$604,960,000 with the closing price of HK$3.98 per share on the
date of grant. As at 30 June 2024, 56,940,000 awarded shares granted on 1 June 2020 were
unvested, representing 2.03% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2024.

On 30 August 2023, the Company had granted a total of 145,460,000 awards to certain Directors
and employees of the Company pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, of which 20,996,000
awards were granted to the Directors of the Company. The 145,460,000 awards represented
the value of approximately HK$740,391,400 with the closing price of HK$5.09 per share on the
date of grant. As at 30 June 2024, 145,460,000 granted on 30 August 2023 were unvested,
representing 5.18% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2024.
64   OTHER INFORMATION



     Details of share awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the period ended 30 June
     2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                             Average
                                                                                                                       Closing Price
                                                                                                                       of the Shares
                                                                                                                        Immediately
                                                                                                                           before the
                                             Unvested                                                                         Date of                               Unvested
                                               Awards                                                                         Vesting                                 Awards
                                           Outstanding                             Awards        Awards                 (For Awards        Awards       Awards    Outstanding
                                                  as at                           Granted         Vested                      Vested     Cancelled      Lapsed           as at
     Name or Category          Date of       1 January                              During        During     Purchase          During       During       During       30 June
     of Grantees               Grant              2024    Vesting Period        the Period    the Period         Price the Period)      the Period   the Period          2024

     Chen Yuhong               1/6/2020      3,850,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2025            –     (2,200,000)          Nil     HK$4.7972            –            –      1,650,000
        (Executive Director)
     Tang Zhenming             1/6/2020      3,888,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2027            –     (1,008,000)          Nil     HK$4.7972            –            –      2,880,000
        (Executive Director)
     Five highest paid         1/6/2020     12,376,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2027            –     (4,962,000)          Nil     HK$4.7972            –            –      7,414,000
        employees
        (excluding director)
     Other Employees           1/6/2020     62,857,000    1/6/2020-31/5/2027            –    (17,861,000)*         Nil     HK$4.7972            –            –     44,996,000

     Total                                  82,971,000                                  –    (26,031,000)                                       –            –     56,940,000


     Chen Yuhong               30/8/2023     9,996,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –           Nil           N/A            –            –      9,996,000
        (Executive Director)
     He Ning                   30/8/2023     5,000,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –           Nil           N/A            –            –      5,000,000
        (Executive Director)
     Tang Zhenming             30/8/2023     5,000,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –           Nil           N/A            –            –      5,000,000
        (Executive Director)
     Yeung Tak Bun             30/8/2023     1,000,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030           –              –           Nil           N/A            –            –      1,000,000
        (Independent
        Non-Executive
        Director)
     Five highest paid         30/8/2023             –    30/8/2023-29/8/2030            –             –           Nil           N/A             –            –             –
        employees
        (excluding director)
     Other Employees           30/8/2023   124,464,000    30/8/2023-29/8/2030            –             –           Nil           N/A             –            –   124,464,000

     Total                                 145,460,000                                  –              –                                        –            –    145,460,000


     *       4,146,414 awarded shares vested during the period were transferred to the selected employee after the
             period end.
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                     65



Each of the awards represents a conditional right to receive one awarded share subject to certain
terms and conditions of the grant of such awards. The awarded shares will be settled by way
of existing issued shares of the Company held by the independent trustee of the Share Award
Scheme of the Company. During the period ended 30 June 2024, no shares of the Company (2023
same period: 143,184,000 shares) were required from open market by the independent trustee of
the Company. As at 30 June 2024, 241,432,414 shares (2023 same period: 282,638,000 shares)
of the Company were held by the independent trustee of the Company, representing 8.60% (2023
same period: 9.48%) of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 30 June
2024.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES
Save as disclosed above, during the six months ended 30 June 2024 none of the Directors was
granted options to subscribe for shares of the Company and as at 30 June 2024 none of the
Directors had any rights to acquire shares in the Company.

R E Q U I R E D S TA N D A R D O F S E C U R I T I E S D E A L I N G S B Y
DIRECTORS
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company had adopted a code of conduct for
directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings
set out in the Model Code. Having made specific enquiry with all the Directors, the Directors had
complied with the required standard of dealings and the code of conduct for directors’ securities
transactions during the six months ended 30 June 2024.
66   OTHER INFORMATION




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     So far as was known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2024, the following persons (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests in the shares of the Company which
     were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2
     and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of
     the SFO were as follows:

     Long positions in Shares
                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                         % of
                                                                            Approximate          total issued
                                                                              number of    ordinary share of
     Name                                 Nature of interest                     Shares        the Company

     Dan Capital Tangkula Limited         Interest of other parties to an   340,138,144              12.11%
       Partnership (Note 1)                  agreement required to be
                                             disclosed under S.317 of
                                             the SFO
     Bank of Communications Trustee       Trustee                           251,368,914               8.95%
       Limited (Note 2)
     UBS Group AG (Note 3)                Interest of controlled            210,473,282               7.49%
                                             corporations

     Notes:

     (1)      Pursuant to the concert party agreement entered by Dr. Chen Yuhong, Dan Capital Kunlun
              Limited Partnership (the “Kunlun”) and Dan Capital Management Limited (the “Dan Capital”)
              on 16 June 2022, Dr. Chen was deemed to be interested in 24,649,283 underlying shares of
              the Company held by Kunlun for the purposes of section 317 of the SFO. Please refer to Form
              2 - Corporate Substantial Shareholder Notice dated 16 June 2022 for further details of the
              shareholding structure.

     (2)      On 10 December 2018, the Company entered into a trust deed to appoint Bank of
              Communications Trustee Limited as trustee of the trust and to manage the trust fund and
              administer the Share Award Scheme of the Company. Details of the Share Award Scheme are
              set out in the section headed “Other Information” of this report.

     (3)      UBS Group AG is deemed to be interested in the long positions of 210,473,282 shares in the
              Company held by its wholly owned subsidiaries. Please refer to Form 2 – Corporate Substantial
              Shareholder Notice dated 3 June 2024 for further details of the shareholding structure.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, no other interest or short position in the Shares or
     underlying shares of the Company were recorded in the register required to be kept under section
     336 of the SFO.
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                 67




COMPETING INTERESTS
As at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors or the management shareholders of the Company and
their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business
which competed or might compete with the business of the Group.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 2 June 2003 and
amended its written terms of reference on 28 March 2012, 31 December 2015 and 9 January
2019 to comply with the requirements in the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit
Committee, a copy of which is posted on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange,
are in line with the provisions of the CG Code. The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for
reviewing and supervising the Group’s financial reporting and internal control system.

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Audit Committee comprised three independent
non-executive Directors namely Professor Mo Lai Lan as the Chairman of the Audit Committee
and Dr. Lai Guangrong and Mr. Yeung Tak Bun J.P. as the members of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the Group’s interim result for the six months ended 30 June
2024 in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, and the relevant code provisions of
the CG Code of the Listing Rules and has also discussed the internal control, the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Group. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the
interim result for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been prepared in accordance with
the applicable accounting standards, the Listing Rules and the statutory requirements and that
adequate disclosures have been made in the interim report.
68   OTHER INFORMATION




     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S
     LISTED SECURITIES
     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased 133,546,000 of its shares
     on the Stock Exchange and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company before
     30 June 2024. The total amount paid for the repurchased shares of HK$619,691,220 was paid
     wholly out of the Company’s existing available cash reserves. Details of those transactions are as
     follows:

                                     Number
     Month                          of shares             Price per share                  Total price
                                 repurchased           Highest        Lowest                      paid
                                                          HK$            HK$                      HK$

     January 2024                  36,274,000              5.40             4.81         184,708,900
     April 2024                    63,460,000              4.90             4.40         293,837,560
     May 2024                      21,000,000              4.67             4.00          89,377,800
     June 2024                     12,812,000              4.16             3.98          51,766,960

                                  133,546,000                                            619,691,220


     The repurchase of the Company’s shares was effected by the Directors, pursuant to the mandate
     granted by the shareholders of the Company to the Directors at the last annual general meeting,
     with a view to benefiting shareholders as a whole by enhancing the net asset value per share and
     earnings per share of the Group.

     Except as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed
     or sold any of the Company’s listed securities during the period ended 30 June 2024.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the publicly available information and to the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
     information and belief, the Company has maintained sufficient public float for the six months
     ended 30 June 2024.

                                                                  On behalf of the Board
                                                                    Dr. Chen Yuhong
                                                            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     15 August 2024, Hong Kong
