COVER STORY


Innovation Drives
Investing for Tomorrow
          We are in an era of venturing into new horizons and exploring
          uncharted territory, where the power of technological innovation
          is propelling the world forward with boundless possibilities.

          At CEL, leveraging 28 years of expertise in cross-border asset
          management, we adhere to a technology and innovation-led
          strategy , empowering emerging future industries with long-
          term capital to fulfill our mission of serving national
          development.

          With professional investment capabilities, CEL is dedicated to
          fostering innovation-driven new productive forces, keeping pace
          with the evolving times to jointly build a promising and
          brilliant future.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


4                  6                                   14
Company Overview   2025 Business                       2025 Review
                   Development Highlights




20                 24                                  40
Chairman’s         Management Discussion               Corporate Governance
Statement          and Analysis                        Report




71                 80                                  92
Risk Management    Directors’ Report                   Directors and
Report                                                 Senior Management




                           FINANCIAL SECTION
                           97    Independent Auditor’s Report

                           102   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                           103   Consolidated Statement of
                                 Comprehensive Income

                           104   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                           106   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                           107   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                           108   Notes to the Financial Statements

                           190   Financial Summary

                           191   Particulars of Major Properties

                           192   Corporate Information
    COMPANY OVERVIEW



     China Everbright Limited (stock code: 165.HK) (“CEL” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     collectively the “Group”) is a leading cross-border asset management and private equity investment
     company in China, and a listed company in Hong Kong with management and investment of private funds
     as the core business. With more than 28 years of experience in cross-border asset management and
     private equity investment, CEL has been picked as one of the top PE firms in China several times. China
     Everbright Group Ltd. (“Everbright Group”), the largest shareholder of the Company, indirectly holds
     49.74% of the shares of CEL.


     For Fund Management Business, as of 31 December 2025, total assets under management (“AUM”)1 of
     CEL reached approximately HK$121.4 billion, with 71 funds. By forming a rich asset management product
     line covering primary market funds, secondary market funds, FoFs, S funds, etc., CEL has nurtured many
     promising enterprises with high growth potential alongside with other investors. CEL fully capitalised
     its role as a cross-border investment platform to deepen its engagement in fields such as technology
     innovation, emerging pillar industries, and prospective industries, fostered New Quality Productivity Forces
     and contributed to the development of the real economy.


     For Principal Investments Business, CEL has nurtured China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited
     (“CALC”), the largest independent aircraft operating lessor in China; nurtured China Everbright Senior
     Healthcare Company Limited (“Everbright Senior Healthcare”), a renowned senior healthcare industrial
     group in China with consolidating multiple mid-to-high-end senior healthcare enterprises; and invested
     in Terminus Smart Technology Co., Ltd. (“Terminus”) in the Artificial Intelligence and Internet of Things
     (“AIoT”) industry. CEL also invests in financial assets to achieve a balanced return and liquidity in Principal
     Investments in due course. In addition, the Company holds a portion of the equity interests of China
     Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) and Everbright Securities Company Limited
     (“Everbright Securities”) as Cornerstone Investments.


     1
          Total assets under management refer to the committed capital of fund investors (including CEL as an investor) for primary market
          funds and FoFs, and refers to the net asset value of funds for secondary market investments.




4
                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                             49.74%




      FUND MANAGEMENT BUSINESS                                    PRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS BUSINESS

  PRIMARY            SECONDARY              FUND OF                KEY
                                                                                     FINANCIAL            CORNERSTONE
   MARKET              MARKET                FUNDS              INVESTEE
                                                                                   INVESTMENTS             INVESTMENTS
INVESTMENTS         INVESTMENTS           INVESTMENTS          COMPANIES


  Fund products including primary market funds (including        Key Investee Companies: focusing on aircraft full life-cycle
  real estate private funds under EBA Investments),              services, senior healthcare management, and AIoT
  secondary market funds and FoFs


                                                                 Financial Investments: financial investments in equity,
  Invests in both domestic and overseas markets, including       debts, and structured products
  USD and RMB-denominated products


                                                                 Cornerstone Investments: a portion of the equity interests
  AUM amounting to approximately HK$121.4 billion, of            in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities
  which seed capital committed by CEL accounts for
  approximately 28.7%, with an amount of approximately
  HK$34.8 billion                                                The scale of the Principal Investments Business amounting
                                                                 to approximately HK$32.5 billion




                                                                                                                                5
    2025 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS


    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS IN 2025
    In 2025, with the gradual impact of macroeconomic policies and improvements in economic fundamentals, both the Chinese
    Mainland and Hong Kong capital markets showed clear signs of recovery. The A-share market strengthened, supported by
    institutional optimisations and improved liquidity, while the Hong Kong stock market regained momentum, buoyed by enhanced
    market connectivity. As a leading cross-border asset management company in China, CEL remained focused on steady
    progress while upholding its strategic discipline. During the reporting period, the Company saw the successful listings of several
    portfolio companies, including Circle, Yunji Technology, Innogen Pharmaceutical, and CiDi Inc., underscoring the consistent
    improvement of its private equity investment management business in both operational quality and efficiency. However, the
    domestic real estate sector is still undergoing a deep adjustment, with declining rental levels, weak price expectations, and
    liquidity challenges continuing to pressure some of the Company’s commercial real estate projects. During the reporting period,
    the Company’s impairment losses on advances to real estate platforms, coupled with valuation pressures on certain real estate
    projects, eroded the returns from its private equity investment management business, becoming a key constraint on the
    Company’s overall performance for the year.

    During the reporting period, the Company seized the opportunity presented by the recovery in private equity and the active
    capital markets, making coordinated efforts across the core areas of fundraising, investment, and exits. It further strengthened
    its position in key sectors, focusing on unlocking and maximising asset value. At the same time, the Company actively tackled
    the challenges posed by cyclical adjustments in the real estate market by systematically implementing risk management and
    mitigation initiatives. The key business achievements during the period are as follows:

    Advancing new fund launches to reinforce foundation for long-term business growth. During the reporting period, the
    Company leveraged its group-operating strengths to enhance long-term capital raising and solidify the foundation for its fund
    management business. It successfully launched four new funds: the Xiamen Marine High-Tech Industrial Development Fund
    (廈門海洋高新產業發展基金), the Huaian Hongze Guangqi Fund (淮安洪澤光啟基金), the Changxing CEL Fund of Funds (長興光
    控母基金) and the Yingtan Fund (鷹潭基金), securing approximately HK$4,982 million in new capital. As of the end of 2025, the
    Company’s total AUM had reached HK$121.4 billion, an increase of approximately HK$4 billion from the end of 2024, reversing
    the downward trend of recent years.




6
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Focusing on technology to build systematic investment capability. During the reporting period, the Company upheld a
professional-driven, long-term value investment approach to steadily advance its project positioning. Throughout the year, the
fund management business deployed approximately HK$750 million. The focus was placed on key technology sectors including
artificial intelligence, semiconductors, and biopharmaceuticals, where the Company supported and nurtured companies such
as HengYi Biotech (engaged in research and development of innovative drug for tumors and autoimmune diseases), Yangtze
Memory Technologies (a domestic storage chip leader), Weidu Microelectronics (engaged in design of semiconductor chips),
Rokae Robotics (an intelligent robotics company), J-Sensor (a supplier of core sensor for new energy vehicles), and Array
Intelligent (a manufacturer of testing equipment for lithium battery). Through its FoFs, the Company also backed the Sinovation
Ventures, Lilly Asia Ventures, and Eastern Bell Early-Stage Technology Fund, further supporting the development of patient
capital ecosystem. The secondary market funds delivered strong performance, earning nominations for the HFM Awards for
two consecutive years. Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund, Everbright China Focus Fund and Everbright Vision Fund all
easily outperformed the fixed income and equity indices respectively.

Conducting strategic exits to realise capital and lock in returns, driving value creation. The Company continued to
accelerate exits while maintaining strategic patience, effectively capturing investment value and returns. During the reporting
period, it successfully exited approximately HK$4,456 million from its managed funds and principal investments, fully or partially
exiting projects such as Xpeng (an emerging player in NEV), iSoftStone (a provider of comprehensive software and digital
services), Longcheer Technology (a leading smart product ODM), 4Paradigm (a provider of artificial intelligence technology and
services), NetEase Cloud Music (an online music platform), HC Semitek (a LED chip manufacturer), and Tianmulake Excellent
Anode Materials (a manufacturer of new energy battery materials). These exits generated a total return of approximately
HK$2,271 million, achieving a multiple on invested capital (MOIC) of approximately 2.04x.

Optimising financial structure and strengthening operational management. During the reporting period, the Company
continued to optimise its financing structure, successfully issuing two tranches of Panda Medium-Term Notes totalling RMB4.5
billion. This effectively reduced financing costs, with the average cost dropping by 116 basis points to 2.95% compared to the
previous year. Thanks to optimisation of its debt structure, the Company’s financial expenses decreased by 33% year-on-year.
During the reporting period, the Company also reduced its leverage through proactive debt repayment. As of the end of 2025,
the Company’s net leverage ratio stood at 86.2%, a decrease of nearly 0.6 percentage points from the end of 2024, maintaining
a solid financial structure. Additionally, through enhanced cost management, the Company reduced operating costs by 7%,
while overall expenditures for the year declined by 23% year-on-year, highlighting continued progress in cost control. Further,
the Company continued to actively optimise its risk management system and improve its efficiency, establishing a forward-
looking risk alert mechanism.




                                                                                                                                     7
    2025 Business Development Highlights | Continued




    Supporting national livelihood strategies through commercial consumer services. During the reporting period, phases
    I and II of EBA Investments’ flagship retail infrastructure and urban renewal project — Zhongguancun Art Park IMIX Park
    — successfully rolled out with near 100% occupancy. This project has significantly contributed to upgrading the regional
    commercial landscape and enriching consumer experience. Across its retail infrastructure portfolio, EBA Investments
    served over 230 million consumers and nearly 4,800 merchants throughout the year. Amongst this, the IMIX Parks under
    EBA Investments alone accounted for nearly 210 million consumer visits and supported over 3,200 merchants. CALC, as
    the Company’s key investee, through its associate TransNusa, has successfully received five C909 aircraft, supporting the
    expansion of China-made aircraft into ASEAN and global markets. Everbright Senior Healthcare, another key investee, further
    expanded its elderly care services, with five of its institutions honoured with the national “Respect for the Elderly Award” in
    recognition of their outstanding efforts in promoting senior benefits policies and enhancing service quality.

    Strengthening ESG framework to advance sustainable development. During the reporting period, the Company enhanced
    its Board diversity by appointing an additional female independent non-executive director. It continued embedding ESG
    principles into its management and decision-making processes, investing in and managing a diverse range of ESG projects
    across various sectors through its own capital and fund platforms. In alignment with Hong Kong government’s green
    transformation policies, the Company implemented green office practices, sustainable procurement, and promoted eco-friendly
    commuting. Zhongguancun Art Park IMIX Park in Beijing, through its technological innovations and management optimisations
    in energy efficiency and emission reduction, has become a leading example of green transformation. The Company also
    focused on supporting grassroots youth and elderly communities in Hong Kong by backing the government’s “Strive and
    Rise Programme” and further advancing its “Shine Campus” charitable initiative. Further, it deepened its engagement with
    local communities by installing rat guards in Wan Chai as part of its “Rat Control Mission”, providing health checks in Shatin
    through the “Walk Towards Light, Accompanied by Health” programme, and offering volunteers to the Food Angel. These
    efforts benefited over 10,000 people in these communities. The Company also continued its support for rural revitalisation
    and consumer assistance, further demonstrating its commitment to corporate social responsibility of a central state-owned
    enterprise. The Company maintained an MSCI Environmental, Social and Governance rating of “A” and received several
    prestigious awards, including the “Best ESG(S)” award from the Hong Kong Investor Relations Association (HKIRA) and the “ESG
    Investment” award from Bloomberg Businessweek.




8
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Driving growth through a forward-looking strategy. During the reporting period, the Company adopted a measured yet
progressive approach, capitalising on opportunities presented by the recovery of the private equity market. It formulated its
15th Five-Year Plan guided by a forward-looking vision, closely aligning with national policies and prevailing industry trends. By
leveraging its core strengths, including cross-border platforms, operational synergies, and state-owned capital, the Company
concentrated on key sectors and strategically significant regions, establishing a clear roadmap to enhance its intrinsic value.

A summary of the Group’s Panda Bond issuance in 2025 is as follows:

                                                            Date of
 Bond abbreviation                  Note tenor              issuance          Size of issuance     Use of proceeds

 25 Everbright Limited MTN001       3-year medium-term      2025/6/6            RMB3.0 billion     Repayment of 22 Everbright
                                    note                                                           Limited MNT001

 25 Everbright Limited MTN002       2+N-year perpetual      2025/11/17          RMB1.5 billion     Repayment of offshore bank
                                    medium-term note                                               loans




                                                                                                                                     9
     2025 Business Development Highlights | Continued




                                                        INCOME FROM CONTRACTS
     TOTAL AMOUNT OF INCOME                             WITH CUSTOMERS
     (HK$ hundred million)                              (HK$ hundred million)


          59.85

                                                                        8.43
                                                                                7.92

                                                             6.59
                              16.61             16.43
                                       3.44
                                                                                       4.07
                                                                                              3.22




                    (44.84)

          2021       2022     2023     2024     2025         2021       2022    2023   2024   2025




     (LOSS)/INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS
     (HK$ hundred million)




          43.15



                                                9.98

                                       (0.54)
                              (4.89)




                    (58.86)

          2021       2022     2023     2024     2025




10
                                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




BASIC (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE                                               GEARING RATIO#
(HK$)                                                                         (%)


                                                                                                           95%      92%       92%
        1.53                                                                                      86.9%


                                                                                    68.4%



                                  (1.14)       (1.13)       (1.19)




                    (4.42)

        2021        2022          2023         2024          2025                    2021          2022    2023     2024      2025




(LOSS)/PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO                                                 TOTAL EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                                                   SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
(HK$ hundred million)                                                         (HK$ hundred million)


        25.73
                                                                                     469.36



                                                                                                  344.89
                                                                                                           309.90   297.27
                                                                                                                             273.96
                                 (19.23)      (19.09)      (20.08)




                   (74.43)
        2021        2022          2023         2024          2025                     2021         2022    2023      2024     2025




Note:
#
        It is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + bonds payable)/total equity.



                                                                                                                                          11
     2025 REVIEW


     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

        In 2025, CEL seized the opportunity presented
        by the recovery in private equity and the active
        capital markets, making coordinated efforts
        across the core areas of fundraising, investment,
        management and exits. With a continued focus
        on strengthening its position in key sectors, the
        Company achieved steady progress in operation
        and development.



          Convened the 2025 CEL Work
          Conference and committed to
          promoting high-quality development.




                                                                Financing structure is optimised on an ongoing
                                                                basis with the successful issuance of two
                                                                tranches of the medium-term notes of RMB4.5
                                                                billion in total size.



           CEL joined hands with Hongze Industrial
           Investment Holding Group (洪澤產投控                      CEL joined hands with Xiamen State-owned
           股集團) to establish the Huaian Hongze                  Assets (廈門國資) and other partners to
           Guangqi Fund (淮安洪澤光啟基金), a                           establish the Xiamen Marine High-Tech
           RMB500 million fund focused on strategic             Industrial Development Fund (廈門海洋高新產
           emerging industries, including intelligent           業發展基金), with a total size of RMB2 billion,
           manufacturing and new materials.                     in active response to the national marine
                                                                economy development strategy.




                                                        CEL partnered with Changxing County in Zhejiang
                                                        Province to launch the Changxing CEL Fund of Funds
                                                        (長興光控母基金), a RMB1 billion fund that further
                                                        strengthens CEL’s industrial investment footprint in
                                                        the Yangtze River Delta region.




14
                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                            Innogen Pharmaceutical, a portfolio company of
                                                            CEL’s Taizhou Fund, was successfully listed on
                                                            the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under stock code
                                                            2591.HK.




 Yunji Technology, a portfolio company of CEL’s New
 Economy Fund, was successfully listed on the Hong
 Kong Stock Exchange under the stock code 2670.
 HK.




                                                            CiDi Inc., a portfolio company of CEL’s New
                                                            Economy Fund, was successfully listed on the
                                                            Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock
                                                            code 3881.HK.




TransNusa, an Indonesian airline operating under
CALC — a portfolio company of CEL — successfully
received its 5th C909 aircraft, and officially launched
an international passenger route between Manado,
Indonesia, and Shenzhen, China, during the National
Day holiday.




                                                          Zhongguancun ART PARK IMIX Park, one of
                                                          the key consumer infrastructure and urban
                                                          renewal projects under EBA, achieved full
                                                          commencement of operation, comprehensively
                                                          enhancing regional commercial activity and
                                                          consumer experience.




                                                                                                             15
     2025 REVIEW | Continued




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY




                    The CEL Volunteer Team returned
                    to the “Food Angel” Community
                    Centre, preparing meals for elderly
                    members of the community in need,
                    and sharing warmth and compassion.




                                                               Building on their earlier donations of rat guards, the
                                                               CEL Volunteer Team joined forces with the Hong
                                                               Kong Volunteer Team of China Everbright and the
                                                               Global Volunteer Team of China Telecom Global, to
                                                               form the “Rat Eradication Alliance”. Together, they
                                                               installed rat guards across residential buildings,
                                                               taking a determined stand in the ongoing fight
                                                               against rodent infestations.




                In collaboration with China Everbright
                Environment and under the umbrella of the
                “Green Wings Programme,” CEL leveraged
                its “Shine Campus” public welfare initiative
                to invite teachers and students from Pui Kiu
                Middle School, Hong Kong to visit Everbright
                Environmental Energy (Boluo) Limited in
                Huizhou, embarking on a study tour of
                waste-to-energy power generation projects.




16
                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                              As part of the Hong Kong
                                                                              SAR Government’s “Strive
                                                                              and Rise Programme,”
                                                                              CEL, for the third
                                                                              consecutive year, actively
                                                                              promoted public welfare
                                                                              by hosting the “Strive and
                                                                              Rise Programme — ‘Shine
                                                                              Campus’ Financial Literacy
                                                                              Sharing Seminar” at the
                                                                              Everbright Centre.




CEL once again joined forces with
the Hong Kong Dance Company,
do na t ing 170 t ic k et s t o t he pr e-
performance sharing session and
dance performance of “The Kids in
Rainbow Jerseys 2.0”. The tickets
benefited teachers and students of the
Strive and Rise Programme, as well as
young people from local social welfare
organisations. Through this initiative,
CEL actively supported the Hong Kong
SAR Government’s policies and helped
cultivate a festive spirit in anticipation
of the National Games.




                                             Through the “Love in Action” (愛心接力) initiative,
                                             CEL donated second-hand computers and charitable
                                             funds to the teachers and students of Wangjia
                                             Primary School (王家小學) in Maijiaxiang Town,
                                             Guanghe County, Gansu, and Huilong Primary School
                                                                      (回龍小學) in Yunshishan
                                                                      Township, Ruijin, Jiangxi.
                                                                      In recognition of this
                                                                      support, the schools
                                                                      presented CEL with
                                                                      letters of gratitude and
                                                                      commemorative plaques.




                                                                                                            17
     2025 REVIEW | Continued




     AWARDS AND HONORS IN 2025


         In 2025, CEL and its professional funds won
         a number of prestigious industry awards
         and honors, and its cross-border asset
         management and investment capabilities were
         highly recognized by the industry.



     CORPORATE AND PROFESSIONAL FUND AWARDS

                                                                                  The CEL Fund of Funds was
            CEL was awarded the “China
                                                                                  recognised among the “Top 20
            Influence PE Investment
                                                                                  Best-Performing State-Owned
            Institutions TOP 50“ in the
                                                                                  Market-Oriented FOFs 2025” by
            Golden Investment Prize of
                                                                                  China-fof.com, and was also named
            China Venture Capital Institute.
                                                                                  in FOFWEEKLY’s “Top 20 Financial
                                                                                  Institutions in the 2025 New
                                                                                  Productivity Investment Institutions
                                                                                  Soft Power Rankings”.




           The CEL Fund of Funds was ranked among the “2025 China Influence
           Market-Oriented FOFs TOP10” and the “2025 China Influence Limited
           Partners TOP 30” in the Golden Investment Prize by the China Venture
           Capital Institute.




            The flagship fund product,                                                        China Everbright Assets
            Everbright Convertible                                                            Management was
            Opportunities Fund, managed                                                       honoured with the “One-
            by CEL’s secondary market                                                         Year Golden Bull Award
            asset management platform,                                                        for Overseas Private
            China Everbright Assets                                                           Fund Management
            Management, was ranked                                                            Companies (Bond
            No.2 in the “Fixed Income —                                                       Strategy)” at the 9th
            Convertible Bonds” category                                                       Golden Bull Overseas
            for Net Return in 2024 by                                                         China Equity Fund
            BarclayHedge.                                                                     Awards organised by
                                                                                              China Securities Journal.


18
                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Corporate Social Responsibility & Human Resources



                                      CEL received the “BEST
                                      ESG (S)” award from
                                      the Hong Kong Investor
                                      Relations Association
                                      (HKIRA).




                                                               CEL received the “ESG Investment”
                                                               award from Bloomberg Businessweek.




                  CEL has been awarded the “Happy Company” Logo by the
                  Chinese Manufacturer’s Association of Hong Kong and Promoting
                  Happiness Index Foundation for 11 consecutive years.




                                      CEL has been awarded the “Breastfeeding Friendly Workplace”
                                      Certificate of Appreciation by UNICEF, with the support of the
                                      Health Bureau of Hong Kong and the Department of Health, for four
                                      consecutive years.




                                                                                                                19
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                  Through the path
                     of resilience,
              we traverse cyclical trials,
                  solidify our roots,
                 and build enduring
              momentum for the future.



     In 2025, the concluding year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”,       launched multiple new funds and saw several long-nurtured
     the global economy presses forward with determination,           projects reach successful listing, fully affirming its professional
     despite structural headwinds. Amid this complex external         expertise and long-term value creation philosophy in private
     environment, China’s economy has demonstrated remarkable         equity investment. Nonetheless, persistent pressure in
     resilience. Anchored by deepening reform and opening-up          the real estate sector meant that the Company’s overall
     as its cornerstone, the country has focused on expanding         operations continued to confront formidable challenges.
     domestic demand, optimising its economic structure,              During the reporting period, the real estate projects recorded
     restoring confidence, and mitigating risks. The cultivation of   considerable credit impairment losses, which weighed on the
     new, high-quality productive forces has accelerated, while       Company’s overall profits. Yet their operating performance
     the pivotal role of scientific and technological innovation in   remained stable, overall risks stayed within controllable
     shaping a modern industrial system has grown ever more           bounds, and the Company continues to maintain confidence
     pronounced. Furthermore, the deep integration of green           in their long-term value.
     transformation with digital development has infused the
     economy with strong and enduring momentum, underpinning          With the support of shareholders and all stakeholders,
     its sustainable and healthy growth.                              the Company has upheld prudent operations and pursued
                                                                      reform-driven risk mitigation, with all staff uniting their
     In recent years, the private equity sector has faced             efforts to surmount challenges and harmonise core priorities,
     considerable challenges, yet CEL has forged ahead with           including stabilising operations, consolidating the foundation,
     unwavering resolve. In 2025, the Company successfully            strengthening development, and managing risks.




20
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




STRENGTHENING FOUNDATIONS AND                                       DEEPENING OPERATIONAL OPTIMISATION
ADVANCING ASSET MANAGEMENT EXCELLENCE                               WHILE UPHOLDING THE PINNACLE OF SAFETY
In fundraising, the Company harnessed the full depth and            STANDARDS
breadth of its integrated group platform to expand its access
                                                                    First, the Company refined its debt structure. Seizing the
to long-term capital, thereby reinforcing the underpinnings
                                                                    opportunity of a relatively low Renminbi interest rate, it
of its fund management business. We have successfully
                                                                    issued RMB4.5 billion of medium-term notes in the domestic
established four funds: Xiamen Marine High-Tech Industrial
                                                                    interbank market, including RMB1.5 billion of perpetual
Development Fund (廈門海洋高新產業發展基金), Huaian
                                                                    medium-term notes. The proceeds were fully deployed to
Hongze Guangqi Fund (淮安洪澤光啟基金), Changxing CEL
                                                                    refinance offshore bank borrowings with higher cost and
Fund of Funds (長興光控母基金) and Yingtan Fund (鷹潭基
                                                                    onshore notes upon maturity, effectively streamlining the
金), securing approximately HK$5.0 billion in new capital,
                                                                    Group’s capital architecture while reducing its overall financing
representing a year-on-year increase of over 300%. As at the
                                                                    costs. Second, the Company advanced its talent development.
end of 2025, the Company’s AUM stood at approximately
                                                                    It continuously strengthened mechanisms spanning selection,
HK$121.4 billion, reversing the downward trend of recent
                                                                    cultivation, management, and deployment, while enhancing
years. On the investment front, the Company remained
                                                                    reserves and dynamically refining its talent pipeline. The
steadfastly aligned with national priorities, further stepping up
                                                                    Company also further increased the coordination of its talent
direct investment in the real economy. Guided by the strategy
                                                                    resources, orchestrating recruitment across Chinese Mainland
of “investing early, investing small, and investing in hard
                                                                    and Hong Kong by blending social hiring with campus
technology”, the Company strengthened and deepened its
                                                                    programmes. While vigorously strengthening internal talent
presence across key sectors, including artificial intelligence,
                                                                    cultivation, it introduced outstanding young professionals
semiconductor chips, and biomedicine, adding 25 new
                                                                    through multiple channels. The Company has established and
investment projects under Fund Management Business and
                                                                    advanced a comprehensive education and training framework
significantly accelerating the pace of deployment. In terms
                                                                    to organise specialized training. 48 sessions across diverse
of management, the Company further elevated its value-
                                                                    categories were delivered with 3,276 participant attendances,
added services for portfolio companies, while drawing on
                                                                    continuously elevating employees’ competencies. Third, the
the synergy of cross-border financial capabilities to support
                                                                    Company resolutely safeguarded the foundation of production
their rapid growth. In 2025, a number of portfolio companies,
                                                                    safety. All safety arrangements were rigorously implemented,
including Yunji Technology, Innogen Pharmaceutical, and
                                                                    with decisive measures taken to prevent accidents. Drawing
CiDi Inc., successfully achieved listings across domestic and
                                                                    lessons from the Hong Kong fire incident, the Company
international capital markets. These achievements have,
                                                                    immediately conducted thorough inspections and distributed
in turn, laid a more solid and enduring foundation for the
                                                                    protective equipment to all employees, ensuring the safety of
Company’s subsequent strategic exits. In respect of exits,
                                                                    employees’ lives. Throughout the year, production safety was
the Company further advanced the pace of divestment,
                                                                    maintained in a stable and orderly manner
responding with resolve to favourable market windows
and progressing exits for all projects with well-established
conditions. This enabled the efficient recycling of capital,
providing firm support for enhanced liquidity and a more
dynamic capital cycle.




                                                                                                                                        21
     Chairman’s Statement | Continued




     FOCUSING ON COMMERCIAL CONSUMPTION AND                            ACCELERATING FORWARD-LOOKING LAYOUT
     SUPPORTING THE OVERSEAS EXPANSION OF THE                          AND DRIVING STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION
     AVIATION INDUSTRY                                                 In the past two years, China attached great importance to
                                                                       the venture capital and equity investment industry, and
     Firstly, we served commercial consumption. EBA continued          introduced a series of supportive policies. In 2025, the private
     to cultivate its commercial consumption segment and               equity industry witnessed notable developments across
     further enhanced the competitiveness of the commercial            various stages including fundraising, investment and exit
     management of EBA and IMIX Park brand. EBA has                    activities, with signs of a gradual market recovery from the
     established a presence in 17 commercial projects across eight     bottom. With stronger policy support, deeper reforms, and
     core cities nationwide, including Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing,   ongoing improvements to the regulatory system, China’s
     Chengdu and Xi’an, with a cumulative managed area of              private equity industry is likely to enter a new phase of high-
     nearly 3 million square metres. During the year, the IMIX Park    quality development. In the next phase, the Company will
     projects under EBA served nearly 210 million consumers            seize the opportunities arising from the recovery of the
     and more than 3,200 merchants. Among the key consumer             industry, analyse in-depth the changing trends in both internal
     infrastructure and urban renewal projects under EBA, Phase        and external environments, enhance industry assessments,
     I and Phase II of Zhongguancun IMIX Park commenced                optimise and adjust strategic initiatives. The Company will
     operations successfully with a nearly 100% occupancy rate,        also continue to advance the formulation of the “15th Five-
     comprehensively enhancing regional commercial activity            Year Plan”, and develop a scientific medium- to long-term
     and consumer experience. The project was recognised as            strategic roadmap. The Company will advance strategic
     the “Best Practice Project for Urban Renewal of the Year in       transformation, support national strategies and foster new
     Beijing” and was featured twice on CCTV’s Xinwen Lianbo,          quality productive forces, with focused deployment in
     demonstrating the Company’s strong sense of corporate             strategic emerging industries and prospective industries,
     responsibility. Secondly, we supported the international          particularly those centred on breakthroughs in critical
     expansion of aircraft. CALC successfully took delivery of five    “bottleneck” core technologies. Adhering to the strategy of
     C909 aircraft through its associate, “TransNusa”, supporting      “early-stage, smaller-scale, and hard-technology investment”,
     the global expansion of domestically manufactured large           the Company serves as patient and long-term capital.
     aircraft into the ASEAN market and beyond. CALC continued         Meanwhile, leveraging the regional advantage of the Greater
     to implement its fleet strategy of investing in next-generation   Bay Area and its Hong Kong headquarters, the Company has
     aircraft models for long-term sustainable development, while      accelerated the development of its international business
     further strengthening its close strategic partnership of more     and actively explored new models for the “Belt and Road”
     than a decade with Airbus. As at the end of 2025, CALC had        Initiative, cross-border finance and international cooperation.
     a fleet of 176 aircraft, of which 39 were leased to airlines
     in countries along the “Belt and Road” Initiative, with a
     further 26 aircraft scheduled for delivery to “Belt and Road”
     countries, including Turkey and Azerbaijan.




22
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                                                 The year 2025 proved both profoundly challenging and of
UPHOLDING OUR COMMITMENT TO SOCIAL                               landmark significance. The Company remained united and
RESPONSIBILITY AND CREATING SOCIAL VALUE                         steadfast, continuing to deepen its foothold in the private
                                                                 equity investment management sector, with its strengths
In alignment with the Hong Kong government’s green
                                                                 in long-term cultivation and professional judgment further
transformation policies, the Company promoted green
                                                                 affirmed. Meanwhile, the commercial real estate segment
office practices, sustainable procurement, and eco-friendly
                                                                 faced severe and persistent industry-wide pressures,
commuting. The newly opened “Zhongguancun ART PARK
                                                                 presenting notable challenges to the Company’s overall
IMIX Park” in Beijing, thanks to its systematic application of
                                                                 operations. The difficulties currently confronting the Company
technology and management optimization that reduce energy
                                                                 are cyclical and transitional in nature, which reinforces the
consumption and emissions, has emerged as a benchmark
                                                                 Company’s firm confidence in the resilience of China’s
for green transformation in the capital. Furthermore, the
                                                                 economy and the enduring strength of its long-term
Company showed heartfelt commitment to grassroots
                                                                 fundamentals. CEL will uphold patience and strategic resolve,
youth and elderly communities in Hong Kong by supporting
                                                                 navigate the challenges prudently, and await the restoration
the HKSAR Government’s volunteer programmes and
                                                                 of value.
community initiatives. Focusing on the themes of “Affection
for the Country and Hong Kong, Care for the Community,
                                                                 Looking ahead, despite the escalation of international
and Support for Education”, the Company organised more
                                                                 conflicts and geopolitical tensions, the company remains
than 70 corporate social responsibility activities, serving
                                                                 firmly convinced that the fundamental trend of China’s
over 20,000 beneficiaries. Following the fatal blaze at Wang
                                                                 economy — one of stability and positive growth — will not
Fuk Court in Tai Po, Hong Kong, the Company coordinated
                                                                 waver. The Company will draw on its professional investment
donations and promptly dispatched volunteers to assist the
                                                                 team, unique cross-border platform advantages, deep
Government’s disaster relief operations, demonstrating the
                                                                 industry insight, and mature risk management framework. It
sense of responsibility and commitment of a central state-
                                                                 will continue to follow market principles and national policy
owned enterprise through concrete actions. Additionally,
                                                                 directions, proactively integrate into and serve the overarching
the Company sustained efforts in rural revitalisation and
                                                                 national development agenda, and remain steadfast in its
consumption assistance. During the reporting period, the
                                                                 commitment to the fundamental role of finance in supporting
Company maintained an “A” rating in the MSCI ESG Rating
                                                                 the real economy. As a “red engine” driving the development
and received the “BEST ESG (S)” award from the Hong
                                                                 of new, high-quality productive forces, CEL will sharpen its
Kong Investor Relations Association (HKIRA) and the “ESG
                                                                 full life-cycle project management capabilities, strengthen
Investment” award from Bloomberg Businessweek.
                                                                 its risk prevention and control framework, and pursue high-
                                                                 quality, sustainable development with unwavering resolve.
                                                                 The Company strives to create lasting value for shareholders
                                                                 and society across economic cycles.




                                                                 Lin Chun
                                                                 Chairman
                                                                 26 March 2026




                                                                                                                                    23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS




            In 2025, CEL focused on core business of
             private equity investment management,
               concentrated on the key business of
             fund management, steadily advanced its
           investment strategy, and adhered to prudent
            operations and high-quality development.




24
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




REVIEW AND ANALYSIS
Macro-economic and Industry Review
In 2025, the global economy demonstrated resilience amidst ongoing challenges. While risks from trade protectionism, global
inflationary pressures, and fiscal instability remained, technological advancements, particularly in artificial intelligence, provided
a new driving force for growth. According to projections from several international institutions, global economic growth is
expected to reach approximately 3.3% in 2025, reflecting an improvement over 2024. At the same time, China’s economy
continued to follow a steady and positive growth trajectory. Consumption had further solidified its role as the primary engine
of economic expansion, while the foundation of the real economy also strengthened. With Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”)
anticipated to grow by 5.0% year-on-year, China was on track to achieve its key economic and social development objectives
for the year.

In 2025, Renminbi (“RMB”) demonstrated resilience among the world’s major currencies, holding steady against a basket of
currencies and appreciating 4.4% against the US dollar (“USD”). In contrast, the Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”), pegged to the
USD, depreciated relative to the RMB. The A-shares market exhibited an upward trend in 2025, led by the ChiNext Index, which
surged 49.57% over the year, followed by the SSE Science and Technology Innovation Board 50 Index’s 35.92% rise, and the
Shanghai Composite Index’s 18.41% gain marking the largest annual increase in six years. Sectors driven by technological
advancement and the resource sector led the way, while real estate and other industries lagged, weighed down by cyclical
pressures. Hong Kong’s stock market saw a recovery in valuation in 2025, with the Hang Seng Index rising 27.77%, and the
Hang Seng Technology Index advancing 23.45%, delivering its strongest annual performance since its launch in 2020. In May,
HKEx introduced a “Technology Enterprises Channel”, enabling companies under Chapter 18C of the Listing Rules to submit
confidential applications, thereby expanding opportunities for hard technology firms to list. Hong Kong’s IPO market raised over
HK$285.8 billion for the year, a notable 2.25-fold increase from the previous year, regaining its position as the global leader in
IPO proceeds.

In 2025, China’s equity investment industry saw an overall recovery, with significant growth in market activity. According to
CVSource, both the number and value of VC/PE deals rose by approximately 30% year-on-year in 2025, driving a faster pace
of industrial fundraising. Over the past few years, China’s equity investment market has undergone structural changes and
has its landscape of dominating forces reshaped. Long-term capital sources, such as financial asset investment companies
(“AICs”), insurance funds, and government-guided funds, have steadily entered the market. While state-owned capital
platforms remain dominant in scale, their role is evolving from large-scale expansion to providing targeted support in strategic
sectors such as hard technology, where they serve as a stabilising anchor. The investment front has also been showing signs
of recovery, with capital increasingly directed towards hard technology sectors such as artificial intelligence, semiconductor
equipment, information technology and biotechnology, with over 70% of funds flowing into companies in these fields. The shift
in investment logic is clear, moving towards long-term industrial empowerment. The recent recovery of the IPO market has
allowed VC/PE firms to realise returns through exits, further validating the long-term potential of the hard technology sector
and strengthening institutional confidence in industry-focused investments. Meanwhile, the use of diversified exit strategies,
including mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) and equity transfers, has further optimised the capital circulation within the
industry.




                                                                                                                                         25
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Financial Performance Analysis of 2025
     Income

         Key income items
         (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                 2025                  2024               Change

         Income from contracts with customers, mainly including:                                   3.22                  4.07               (20.9%)
           — Management fee income                                                                 0.72                  1.49               (51.7%)
           — Performance fee and consultancy fee income                                            0.28                  0.35               (20.0%)
         Income/(loss) from investments, mainly including:                                         9.98                 (0.54)                  N/A
           — Primary Market Funds                                                                 (1.02)                (1.86)              (45.2%)
             In which: real estate funds                                                          (4.48)                (4.98)                (10%)
           — Secondary Market Funds                                                                4.07                  3.02                34.8%
           — FoFs                                                                                  1.90                 (0.75)                  N/A
           — Principal Investments                                                                 5.03                 (0.95)                  N/A
             In which: real estate segment                                                        (5.09)                (2.90)               75.5%
         Income from other sources                                                                (1.13)                 0.28                   N/A
         Share of profits less losses of associates                                                4.29                  0.04               >100%
         Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                                            0.07                 (0.41)                  N/A

         Total amount of income2                                                                 16.43                   3.44                >100%


     During the reporting period, total amount of income of the Group was HK$1,643 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
     HK$1,299 million as compared to HK$344 million for last year. Its income from contracts with customers decreased by HK$85
     million from the same period last year, mainly due to some funds entering their exit/extension periods, and management
     fees from newly established funds were offset due to consolidation and were not recognised as management fee income.
     In respect of income from investments, benefiting from the rebound in investment project valuations, it turned from a loss of
     HK$54 million last year to a gain of HK$998 million. However, the investment performance of primary market funds remained
     under pressure due to downward adjustments in valuations for certain real estate projects.

     The year-on-year change in income was mainly due to the following factors:

     (1)     In 2025, the Group’s income from contracts with customers was HK$322 million, representing a decrease of HK$85
             million from last year. During the reporting period, the Group realised management fee income of HK$72 million,
             decreased by HK$77 million from that of last year. Performance fee and consultancy fee income decreased by HK$7
             million from last year to HK$28 million.




     2
             The calculation method for total amount of income is: income from contracts with customers + income/(loss) from investments + income
             from other sources + share of profits less losses of associates + share of profits less losses of joint ventures. “Total amount of income”
             is a metric used by the Group’s management to monitor business performance and financial condition, and it may not be comparable to
             similar items reported by other companies.



26
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




(2)   The Group recorded an income from investments of HK$998 million, achieving a turnaround from a loss from
      investments of HK$54 million for last year.

      In particular, loss from primary market fund investments was HK$102 million, reduced by HK$84 million from a loss of
      HK$186 million in the same period last year. This was mainly due to rebound in investment project valuations driven by
      market recovery. However, due to the downward adjustments in valuations of real estate fund-related projects, primary
      market fund investments remained unprofitable for the full year. Secondary market fund investments realised an income
      of HK$407 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35%. FoFs generated investment income of HK$190 million,
      reversing the losses from the same period of last year. Principal investment recorded investment income of HK$503
      million during the reporting period, benefiting from valuation recoveries in certain projects, thereby reversing the losses
      from the same period of last year.

(3)   During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profits less losses of associates was HK$429 million, representing an
      increase of HK$425 million when compared with last year. In particular, the share of profit from Everbright Securities
      increased by HK$147 million compared with last year; the share of profit from CALC increased by HK$30 million
      compared with last year; and the share of loss from Everbright Senior Healthcare decreased by HK$130 million compared
      with last year.


Income from key business segments

 Income from key business segments
 (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                             2025                2024

 — Income/(loss) from Fund Management Business                                                        1.95                (2.90)
 — Income from Principal Investments Business                                                        14.48                 6.34

 Total amount of income                                                                              16.43                 3.44


By business segments, the income from Fund Management Business of the Group during the reporting period was HK$195
million, compared with a loss of HK$290 million last year. The main reason for the change was the increase in investment
income from HK$41 million in the same period last year to HK$495 million, benefiting from the market recovery.

Meanwhile, income from the Group’s Principal Investments Business during the reporting period was HK$1,448 million,
representing a significant increase from HK$634 million in the same period last year. The main reasons for the change include:
(1) benefiting from market recovery and the strong performance of certain investment projects, investment income turned from
a loss of HK$95 million in the same period last year to a gain of HK$503 million in the current reporting period; (2) during the
reporting period, the share of profit from Everbright Securities increased by HK$147 million compared to the same period last
year, the share of profit from CALC increased by HK$30 million compared to the same period last year, and the share of loss
from Everbright Senior Healthcare decreased by HK$130 million compared to the same period last year.




                                                                                                                                    27
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Profit and Loss

      Profit in Key Business Segments
      (in HK$ hundred million)                                                           2025                2024             Change

      Loss from Fund Management Business                                               (15.29)                (7.23)           >100%
        In which: real estate segment                                                  (22.76)              (11.74)             93.9%
      Profit/(loss) from Principal Investments Business:                                 8.05                  1.88            >100%
        — Key investee companies                                                        (2.46)                 2.72                N/A
        — Financial investments                                                         (0.26)                (9.91)           (97.4%)
          In which: real estate segment                                                 (8.09)                (6.95)            16.4%
        — Cornerstone investments                                                       10.77                  9.07             18.7%
        Less: Unallocated corporate expenses, taxes and
            profit attributable to holders of perpetual
           capital securities                                                          (12.84)              (13.74)              (6.6%)

      Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                          (20.08)              (19.09)              5.2%


     During the reporting period, net loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$2,008 million, compared to a
     loss of HK$1,909 million last year, representing a slight increase in overall loss:

     (1)   Loss from Fund Management Business was HK$1,529 million, mainly due to the underperformance of certain real
           estate projects in this segment. In 2025, the Chinese Mainland real estate market remained in a prolonged downturn. In
           accordance with the prudence principle of financial reporting, the Group conducted a revaluation of real estate projects
           and recognized corresponding impairment provisions. Real estate funds recorded a loss of HK$2,276 million, representing
           an increase in loss of HK$1,102 million compared to the corresponding period last year. This included investment losses
           of HK$448 million, share of losses of associates of HK$437 million, and impairment provisions for advances to customers
           of HK$1,391 million. For details of the impairment provisions for advances to customers, please refer to the “Credit
           Impairment Losses” section.

     (2)   Principal Investments Business recorded a profit of HK$805 million, representing an increase of HK$617 million in
           the same period last year, mainly attributable to the significant improvement in financial investments resulting from a
           reduction in losses from HK$991 million last year to HK$26 million.


     Dividends

      Per share
      (HK$)                                                                              2025                2024             Change

      Loss per share                                                                    (1.19)               (1.13)                (4%)
      Interim dividend per share                                                         0.05                 0.05                    –
      Final dividend per share                                                           0.05                 0.05                    –
      Total dividend per share                                                           0.10                 0.10                    –


     Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year was HK$2,008 million, and net cash inflows from operating
     activities amounted to HK$545 million. During the reporting period, the Group had sufficient liquidity with solid overall financial,
     business and operating conditions. Following the practice of sharing the Group’s operating results with shareholders, the Board
     declared final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for 2025 (2024 final dividend: HK$0.05 per share).




28
                                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Key Financial Ratios

    Key financial data3                                                                   2025                  2024              Change

    Gearing ratio4                                                                      92.2%                92.3%               –0.1 ppt
    Net gearing ratio5                                                                  86.2%                86.8%               –0.6 ppt
    Debt-to-asset ratio6                                                                56.4%                56.3%               +0.1 ppt
    Current ratio7                                                                     140.0%               135.6%               +4.4 ppt


The Group implemented refined cost control through wider technology and electronic application to boost operational efficiency.
Operating costs8 for this year amounted to HK$763 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.4%. This reduction
highlights the positive impact of the Group’s efforts in cost control and efficiency improvement.

Due to the losses incurred during the year, the Group’s total equity decreased from HK$32.7 billion at the end of last year to
HK$32.1 billion at the end of the year, which had a negative impact on the gearing ratio. However, the Group took proactive
measures on deleveraging, successfully reducing its interest-bearing liabilities by HK$500 million, from HK$30.1 billion at the
beginning of the year to HK$29.6 billion at the end of the year. As of the end of December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio was
92.2%, a decrease of 0.1 percentage points as compared to the end of 2024. The Group’s available cash reserves as of the end
of December 2025 amounted to HK$1,933 million (as of the end of 2024: HK$1,786 million). Excluding the impact of available
cash, the net gearing ratio was 86.2%, representing a decrease of 0.6 percentage points as compared to the end of 2024.

As of the end of December 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$8,504 million, with available
and unutilised bank facilities of approximately HK$10.0 billion, maintaining sufficient liquidity and a strong financial position.




3
        The gearing ratio, debt-to-asset ratio and current ratio are the measures used by the management of the Group for monitoring business
        performance and financial position. These may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies
4
        The gearing ratio is calculated as interest-bearing debt (including bank loans + bonds payable)/total equity x 100%
5
        The net gearing ratio is calculated as (interest-bearing debt — available cash)/total equity x 100%
6
        The debt-to-asset ratio is calculated as (total liabilities/total assets) x 100%
7
        The current ratio is calculated as (current assets/current liabilities) x 100%
8
        Operating costs include staff costs, depreciation and amortisation expenses and other operating expenses



                                                                                                                                                29
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Business Performance Analysis
     Fund Management Business
     As of 31 December 2025, total AUM of CEL’s funds amounted to approximately HK$121.4 billion, representing an increase
     of approximately HK$4.0 billion as compared to the end of last year. The increase in AUM was mainly attributable to the
     successful establishment of four funds during the reporting period, namely “Xiamen Marine High-tech Industrial Development
     Fund” (廈門海洋高新產業發展基金), “Huaian Hongze Guangqi Fund” (淮安洪澤光啟基金), “Changxing CEL Fund-of-Funds” (長
     興光控母基金), and “Yingtan Fund” (鷹潭基金), which resulted in a new fund-raising of approximately HK$4,982 million.

     CEL’s funds have extensive sources of funding, with the majority of its external investors being institutional investors with a
     diversified mix covering, amongst others, commercial banks, insurance companies, family offices and government agencies.
     In terms of currency, funds denominated in RMB and all other currencies were equivalent to approximately HK$100.2 billion
     and HK$21.2 billion and accounting for 82.5% and 17.5% of the total amount respectively. In terms of nature of funds, the
     Company’s Fund Management Business included 43 primary market funds (including one real estate investment fund), 18
     secondary market funds and discretionary accounts, and 10 FoFs products.

     During the reporting period, CEL captured key investment themes such as hard technologies and strengthened its support for
     the real economy. During the reporting period, the Fund Management Business made capital contributions of approximately
     HK$750 million to 25 new investment projects. It also seized the opportunities to exit mature projects, achieving full or partial
     exits from 83 projects, resulting in a capital inflow of approximately HK$3,277 million at the fund level.


       BY FUND
       BUSINESS SEGMENTS                           BY CURRENCY                                 BY SOURCE OF CAPITAL


           23%                                     17.5%                                       28.7%


      4%




                                       73%                                      82.5%                                       71.3%

           Primary market fund                        AUM denominated in RMB                      External capital
           Secondary market fund                      AUM denominated in                          CEL’s seed capital
           FoFs                                       non-RMB currencies




30
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Primary Market Funds
As of 31 December 2025, there were 43 primary market fund products (including one real estate investment fund) under the
management of CEL, with an aggregate AUM equivalent to approximately HK$89.1 billion and scope of investment covering
various industries including semiconductors, industrial internet, biopharmaceuticals, high-end manufacturing, marine economy
and real estate management. Meanwhile, CEL has been actively fostering New Quality Productive Forces and advancing its
strategic transformation towards high-quality development, with focused deployment in strategic emerging industries and
prospective industries, particularly those centred on breakthroughs in critical “bottleneck” core technologies. By currency,
worth of RMB-denominated funds was approximately HK$71.9 billion and funds in other currencies was approximately HK$17.2
billion, accounting for 80.7% and 19.3% respectively. During the reporting period, CEL achieved considerable investment
returns and cash flow recovery through diversified exit channels, including the disposal of shares in listed companies and equity
transfers.

CEL has built a comprehensive platform for primary market equity funds. Leveraging a diversified fund structure and leading
integrated capabilities, it has pursued cross-border deployment from a “China perspective”. Its managed funds have spanned
the new economy, marine economy, biopharmaceuticals, artificial intelligence, and green development, maintaining a
continuous presence in emerging industries and frontier sectors. CEL delivers full-lifecycle equity financing to enterprises, from
start-up and growth through to maturity.


Secondary Market Funds
As of 31 December 2025, CEL’s secondary market business managed a total of 18 funds and discretionary accounts with AUM
in terms of net worth of approximately HK$4.3 billion. By product type, fixed-income products accounted for 92%, while equity
products represented 8% of AUM.

With years of cross-border experience and by leveraging on its investment capabilities, CEL’s secondary market funds have
built a one-stop portfolio, which covers Asian credit bond hedge funds, Asian convertible bond hedge funds, domestic multi-
strategy funds (including private fund managers and institutional investors) and investment advisory business.

CEL has well diversified fixed income products covering offshore funds, QFII managed accounts, offshore managed accounts
and asset securitisation products. Everbright Convertible Opportunities Fund, a flagship Asian convertible bond product,
delivered superior results during the reporting period. Further, CEL’s secondary market team was awarded by China Securities
Journal the “One-Year Golden Bull Overseas Private Fund Manager (Bond Strategy)” at the 9th Overseas Fund Golden Bull
Awards in recognising its investment capability and comprehensive strength.


Fund of Funds
CEL’s FoFs not only invest in external funds with proven track records and robust governance, but also invest in funds launched
and managed by the Company, and coinvest or directly invest in equity projects. As of 31 December 2025, the FoFs team
managed 10 FoFs with an AUM equivalent to approximately HK$28.0 billion. During the reporting period, the Changxing CEL
Fund of Funds was established with an initial collaboration of RMB1.0 billion, further advancing CEL’s industrial investment
presence in the Yangtze River Delta and supporting Changxing’s economic development.

The Company’s FoFs business has established an investment matrix primarily targeting information technology,
biopharmaceuticals, consumption and entertainment, and technology manufacturing, with active collaborations with well-
established major (white horse) managers, emerging and promising (dark horse) managers, and leading managers in specialised
sectors both domestically and internationally. As of 31 December 2025, there were 105 portfolio projects under the FoFs,
including sub-funds and direct investments, with focused emphasis on biopharmaceutical and semiconductor sectors. CEL
actively supported national strategies to advance breakthroughs in critical “bottleneck” technologies, while seizing the low-
valuation window in the biopharmaceutical sector to step up investment in high-quality projects.

Across the underlying projects of its sub-funds and direct investments, the FoFs had a total of 182 portfolio companies listed.
During the reporting period, 16 additional companies completed listings, including Innogen Pharmaceutical from the direct
investment portfolio, while several other projects were in IPO filing. Having cultivated its presence in the FoF sector over many
years, CEL continued to receive strong industry recognition, receiving multiple prestigious awards and further elevating its
brand influence, underscoring its outstanding capabilities and leading position in the industry.


                                                                                                                                     31
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Real Estate Investment and Asset Management Business
     As of 31 December 2025, CEL held 29.17% equity interest in Everbright Jiabao, an A-share listed company (stock code:
     600622.SH), as its largest shareholder. Everbright Jiabao managed 50 projects through the platform under EBA Investments,
     including 21 investment management projects being under management, with total fund size under management of
     approximately RMB22.0 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$24.3 billion) and asset under management of approximately
     RMB47.3 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$52.4 billion). During the reporting period, Everbright Jiabao/EBA Investments
     coordinated efforts to stabilise operations, control risks, strengthen asset management, and support people’s livelihoods,
     leveraging asset management to drive real-economy development and promote public well-being.

     During the reporting period, Everbright Jiabao/EBA Investments intensified their focus on the commercial consumption sector,
     leveraging their proprietary “IMIX Parks” brand to build distinctive commercial and consumer operation capabilities. This has
     facilitated the successful opening of multiple projects, including Zhongguancun Art Park IMIX Park in Beijing, Health IMIX Park
     in Nanjing, and Jinjiang IMIX Park in Chengdu. As of the end of the reporting period, EBA Investments and its subsidiaries,
     through fund investments or entrusted management, managed 17 commercial consumption projects under the “IMIX Parks”
     brand across multiple municipalities and regional consumer hubs, energizing consumer activities with a diverse business
     portfolio and innovative experiences. Everbright Jiabao/EBA Investments also actively responded to the Central Government’s
     call for ongoing urban renewal, advancing high-quality revitalisation of the Zhongguancun project. For the third consecutive
     year, the project was included in Beijing’s Key Project Plan, recognised as one of six new consumer landmarks in the city, and
     awarded “Beijing Urban Renewal Annual Best Practice Project” at the 4th Beijing Urban Renewal Forum. In addition, EBA
     Investments continued to expand its entrusted construction and management business under the “安石建管” brand, initiating
     and reserving multiple new projects during the reporting period. Leveraging its strong project execution and market reputation,
     EBA Investments ranked 1st for the eleventh consecutive year in the “Top 10 Comprehensive Capability of China Real Estate
     Funds”, published by Beijing China Index Academy and other organisations.


     Principal Investments Business
     The Company strives to achieve the following 3 objectives through principal investments: (1) Key Investee Companies:
     investing in and fostering enterprises with synergy between industry and finance and promising development prospects; (2)
     Financial Investments: maintaining flexible liquidity management through investment in equity and debt products and obtaining
     stable interest income; capitalising on co-investment opportunities brought by the Fund Management Business and participating
     in equity and related financial investments to obtain investment returns; (3) Cornerstone Investments: holding a portion of the
     equity interest in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities to obtain stable dividends and investment returns.

     As of the end of December 2025, the Principal Investments Business managed 53 post-investment projects with an aggregate
     carrying value of approximately HK$32.5 billion. Among these projects, the total carrying amount of equity interest held in
     CALC, Everbright Senior Healthcare and Terminus was approximately HK$4.4 billion; the fair value of Financial Investments was
     approximately HK$8.1 billion; the fair value of the Cornerstone Investments in China Everbright Bank was HK$6.0 billion, and
     the carrying amount of Everbright Securities accounted for as an associate was HK$14.0 billion.

      Principal investments
      (in HK$ hundred million)                                                                           2025                2024

      — Key Investee Companies                                                                             44                  50
      — Financial Investments                                                                              81                  71
      — Cornerstone Investments                                                                           200                 198

      Total                                                                                               325                 319




32
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Key Investee Companies
CALC
As of 31 December 2025, CEL held 37.89% of the equity interest in CALC (stock code: 1848.HK) and was its largest
shareholder. CALC is a one-stop full life-cycle solutions provider for the global aviation sector. CALC’s scope of business
includes regular operations such as aircraft operating leasing, leaseback after purchase, aircraft asset package transactions and
asset management, and value-added services such as fleet upgrading, aircraft maintenance, aircraft disassembling and parts
selling, as well as the enhancement of fleet asset value through flexible aircraft asset management. At the same time, CALC
has the advantages of dual-platform financing, leasing and sales channels, as well as a strong capability and rich experience
in both domestic and overseas financing. Meanwhile, CALC is also a pioneer in advocating the commercialisation of overseas
operations of China-made aircraft and firmly adheres to the national civil aviation strategy. Throughout 2025, CALC’s core
business advanced steadily, with operational quality and efficiency continually enhanced, and its core competitive capabilities
progressively strengthened. As of 31 December 2025, CALC had a fleet of 176 aircraft, consisting of 149 owned aircraft and 27
managed aircraft. CALC’s owned and managed aircraft are leased to 40 airlines in 20 countries and regions.


Everbright Senior Healthcare
Everbright Senior Healthcare capitalised on opportunities in China’s eldercare industry, concentrating on institutional eldercare
as its core business and developing distinctive services that combine “medical and wellness care” with “eldercare finance.”
As of 31 December 2025, Everbright Senior Healthcare has 233 institutions of various types which include institutional and
community service centres, forming a deployment covering the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta, and Chengdu-
Chongqing Economic Circle. Managed beds totalled 30,300, with occupancy rising by 4.04%. Community-based home eldercare
services increased by 143,000 person-times year-on-year, with the core business model based on government-purchased
services. Smart eldercare has been a core strategic priority for Everbright Senior Healthcare. Through independent R&D and
open collaboration, the entity has continuously pursued innovative applications. Guided by standardisation, branding initiatives,
and digital intelligence, and supported by a smart operations management platform, it achieved full coverage of all 122 eldercare
institutions under its management, enabling operational management to be measurable, traceable, and optimisable.


Terminus
During the reporting period, Terminus continued to advance its technology research and development, with a strategic focus
on the digital and intelligent transformation of the AI industry. Leveraging its self-developed hardware computing clusters
(intelligent computing servers) and software platforms, such as the HALI agent system, Terminus integrates AIoT technologies
with specific industry needs. Its solutions cover four core application scenarios, namely AI-driven industrial digitalisation and
intelligence, AI-enabled smart cities, AI-powered smart living, and AI-enabled smart energy, providing one-stop solutions for
a range of applications including smart industrial parks, urban public security, smart communities and energy management
platforms. In 2025, Terminus was recognised as a national-level “Little Giant” enterprise for specialised, refined and innovative
businesses (國家級專精特新「小巨人」企業).


Financial Investments
The Company’s Financial Investments funded by its own capital cover the following aspects: (1) based on the investment/co-
investment opportunities brought by the Company’s funds and extensive business network, investing in the equity or debt
of unlisted companies; (2) investing in structured financing products with a balance in return and liquidity. As of 31 December
2025, the Company’s financial investments amounted to HK$8.1 billion in various sectors including real estate, new economy
and technology, artificial intelligence and advanced manufacturing, and green investments, with the aggregate carrying value of
the top 10 projects amounting to HK$4.4 billion.


Cornerstone Investments
As of 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of a certain portion of equity interests in Everbright Securities and China
Everbright Bank held by the Group as Cornerstone Investments each accounted for more than 5% of the Group’s total assets,
and these two investments were regarded as significant investments of the Group. These two Cornerstone Investments held
by the Group accounted for in aggregate 62.4% and 27.2% of the Group’s net assets and total assets, respectively.




                                                                                                                                    33
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     Everbright Securities (601788.SH)
     Established in 1996 with its headquarters in Shanghai, Everbright Securities is one of the first 3 innovative pilot securities
     firms approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As of the end of December 2025, the Group held 956 million
     A-shares in Everbright Securities, representing 20.73% of its total share capital, with an investment cost of HK$1,497 million.
     Everbright Securities is accounted for as an associate of the Group. The carrying value of the shares held by the Group was
     HK$13.986 billion, accounting for 43.5% and 19.0% of the Group’s net assets and total assets respectively. Based on the
     closing price of RMB17.55 per share as of 31 December 2025, the fair value of the shares in Everbright Securities held by the
     Group was HK$18.6 billion. During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit from an investment in associate attributable
     to Everbright Securities was HK$755 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.2%.


     China Everbright Bank (601818.SH)
     Established in August 1992, China Everbright Bank is a national joint-stock commercial bank approved by the State Council and
     the People’s Bank of China. As of the end of December 2025, the Group held 1.57 billion A-shares in China Everbright Bank,
     representing 2.66% of its total share capital, with an investment cost of HK$1,407 million. The shares in China Everbright Bank
     held by the Group are accounted for as equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income.
     Based on the closing price of RMB3.49 per share as of 31 December 2025, the carrying amount and fair value of the shares in
     China Everbright Bank held by the Group amounted to HK$6.0 billion, accounting for 19.0% and 8.2% of the Group’s net assets
     and total assets respectively. During the reporting period, the Group’s income from China Everbright Bank was HK$323 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 8.0%.


     OUTLOOK
     Looking ahead to 2026, the global economy is expected to continue navigating a complex and volatile landscape in its pursuit
     of recovery. Geopolitical tensions, trade barriers, financial market fluctuations, and other uncertainty factors persist, posing
     ongoing challenges to China’s foreign demand and supply chain stability. Yet China’s economic resilience, substantial growth
     potential, and fundamentally positive long-term outlook remain unchanged. Building on the successful conclusion of the
     14th Five-Year Plan, the 15th Five-Year Plan is set to commence steadily. Macroeconomic policies are expected to maintain
     continuity, stability, and targeted focus, with proactive fiscal measures and prudent, flexible monetary policies working in
     concert to further consolidate the foundation for economic recovery. New Quality Productive Forces, powered by technological
     innovation, will accelerate in scale and influence, establishing new growth hubs in key areas such as the digital economy, green
     and low-carbon development, and advanced manufacturing, injecting enduring momentum into high-quality development.

     China’s private equity industry entered a period of recovery in 2025, as patient capital from banks, insurance funds,
     and government-guided funds accelerated their participation. Fueled by the dual drivers of policy support and industrial
     transformation, the industry gradually reached its recovery inflection point. Looking ahead, investment themes are set
     to concentrate on strategic national priorities, including hard technology, advanced manufacturing, green and low-carbon
     development, and the digital economy, with industries linked to New Quality Productive Forces forming the core of capital
     allocation. Exit channels are also expected to broaden further. With the number of A-share listings becoming increasingly
     stable and reforms in the Hong Kong stock market deepening, IPOs will remain a primary exit route, while M&A and corporate
     restructuring, equity transfers, and S funds will continue to rise in importance, supporting a robust “investment — exit —
     reinvestment” cycle within the sector. In 2026, the private equity segment will closely align with the national 15th Five-Year
     Plan, advancing key objectives such as direct financing for the real economy and supporting China’s technological innovation
     strategy, while steadily progressing toward a more rational, professional, and value-driven stage of high-quality development.

     As an institution with deep industry insight, sophisticated post-investment management capabilities, and a comprehensive
     ecosystem of resources, CEL will capitalise on opportunities arising from the industry’s recovery, further honing its analysis
     of and strategically leveraging industry trends and innovative investment opportunities. Anchored on hard technology as its
     core investment focus, it will continue to advance its private fund investment management business; cultivate professional
     capabilities across the full lifecycle of fundraising, investment, management, exit, and transfer; deepen research insights and
     value discovery; maintain a steadfast focus on long-term value; fully leverage its equity investment strengths; and execute the
     “five major articles” of finance with distinction.




34
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




In fundraising, CEL will fully mobilise resources to strengthen fundraising and drive the establishment of new funds. It
will intensify fundraising efforts and deepen collaboration with local governments, listed companies, and other LPs to actively
attract patient and long-term capital, directing these competitive resources toward establishing funds focused on early-stage,
smaller-scale, hard-technology, and long-term investments. CEL will accelerate the deployment of already-approved funds and
aims to launch a new batch of high-quality funds in 2026. On the investment front, CEL will adhere to national strategies
and capitalise on emerging opportunities in strategic industries. It will enhance industry research and investment research
systems, cultivating New Quality Productive Forces. Priority will be given to strategic emerging and prospective industries,
supporting breakthroughs in key core technologies and the commercialisation of results, thereby contributing to high-level
technological self-reliances. With respect to management, CEL will strengthen collaborative oversight to empower
portfolio companies toward high-quality development. Leveraging the Everbright Group’s integrated financial and industry
— finance synergies, it will enhance business across core businesses collaboration to build differentiated competitiveness in
project sourcing, risk management, and diversified exit channels. Post-investment services will be systematically improved to
provide in-depth support, enabling portfolio companies to optimise performance while actively addressing the diverse needs
of LPs and consistently cultivating a professional and reliable post-investment management brand. Regarding exits, CEL will
cultivate diversified, market-driven channels to enhance efficiency. For projects already listed, the Company will proactively
seize opportunities presented by the recovery of secondary market valuations to execute orderly exits. It will continue to
expand multiple exit paths, including M&A and corporate restructuring, old equity transfers, and S funds, while systematically
optimising the timing and structure of portfolio exits to accelerate capital recycling, realise value, and maximise overall
investment returns.

Looking ahead, CEL will concentrate on its core businesses and key responsibilities, continuously monitoring and researching
frontier technologies while fully leveraging its cross-border platform advantages. It will actively advance the development and
expansion of new business initiatives under the guidance of the “five major articles”. By pursuing steady progress, fostering
stability through advancement, and enhancing quality and efficiency, CEL will support the establishment of a new development
framework and drive high-quality growth. Firmly committed to enhancing intrinsic value, CEL will strengthen the foundation for
sustainable development through prudent operations and strategic deepening, with the goal of delivering long-term, stable, and
shared returns to all Shareholders.

FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total assets amounted to HK$73.783 billion (31 December 2024: HK$74.686 billion)
with net assets amounting to HK$32.141 billion (31 December 2024: HK$32.650 billion). Equity attributable to the Company’s
shareholders was HK$27.396 billion (31 December 2024: HK$29.727 billion) and equity attributable to shareholders of the
Company per share was HK$16.26 (31 December 2024: HK$17.64).

FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group adopts a prudent approach in liquidity management to ensure liquidity risk control and reduce the cost of funds. The
Group finances its operations primarily with internally generated cash flow and loan facilities from banks. As at 31 December
2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of HK$8.504 billion (31 December 2024: HK$8.422 billion). Currently, most of
the Group’s cash is denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi.

BORROWING
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to HK$29.631 billion (31 December 2024:
HK$30.123 billion). The Group will review and ensure sufficient banking facilities to reserve resources to support its business
development. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had banking facilities of HK$22.421 billion (31 December 2024: HK$21.415
billion), of which HK$9.957 billion (31 December 2024: HK$8.030 billion) had not been utilised. The banking facilities were of
one to ten years terms. The Group had outstanding bank loans of HK$12.470 billion (31 December 2024: HK$13.385 billion),
which decreased by HK$0.915 billion compared with 31 December 2024, of which HK$11.658 billion (31 December 2024:
HK$12.493 billion) was unsecured. The Group had issued corporate bonds with an outstanding principal amount of HK$17.161
billion (31 December 2024: HK$16.738 billion). The interest bearing borrowings were denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong
dollars, representing 73%, 27% of the total respectively. As at 31 December 2025, approximately 70% of the Group’s total
principal amount of borrowing were at floating rates and the remaining 30% were at fixed rates. The maturity profile of the
Group’s borrowings is set out in note 20 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this report.




                                                                                                                                  35
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




     PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2025, restricted bank balances of HK$31 million (31 December 2024: HK$32 million) were pledged to the
     banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings. Investment properties
     with carrying values of HK$2,347 million (31 December 2024: HK$2,289 million) were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans
     granted to the Group. Pursuant to the prime brokerage agreements entered with the prime brokers of a fund held by the Group,
     cash and securities deposited with the prime brokers were secured against liabilities to the prime brokers. As at 31 December
     2025, assets deposited with the prime brokers included HK$1,352 million (31 December 2024: HK$1,238 million) and HK$159.2
     million (31 December 2024: HK$111.4 million) which formed part of the Group’s trading securities and debtors respectively.
     Analysis on collateral of the Group’s bank loans is set out in note 16 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this report.


     CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
     The Group conducts periodic impairment assessments of advances to customers in accordance with the Expected Credit Loss
     Model under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS) and has established management policies and procedures
     for impairment provisions on credit-related assets for governing purpose. In accordance with the requirements of HKFRS 9,
     the Group classifies items into three stages for assessment to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition: for items
     where there has been no significant increase in credit risk as of the assessment date, provisions are booked in an amount
     equivalent to the expected credit losses over the next 12 months; for items where credit risk has increased significantly as of
     the assessment date, provisions are booked in an amount equivalent to the expected credit losses over the remaining period.
     Other key parameters and assumptions used in the model include probability of default, loss given default, exposure at default
     and discount rate. Periodic impairment assessments primarily focus on changes in probability of default and loss given default,
     with the former determined by mapping internal risk ratings (with initial ratings assigned aligning to the nature of the underlying
     assets, such as tenor of the advances and absence of collateral, etc.) to the implied default ratio corresponding to the equivalent
     S&P market risk ratings, taking full account of factors such as the stage of the project, the borrower’s repayment capacity, and
     the seniority and subordination structure etc., whereas the latter requires attention to changes in the valuation of the underlying
     assets, changes in the valuation of collateral and the probability of its disposal etc., and is generally calculated as a weighted
     average across optimistic, neutral and pessimistic scenarios. Please refer to note 39(a) to the financial statements for details of
     the changes in methods and parameters used.

     The impairment loss for the year had an impact of HK$1.637 billion on the consolidated statement of profit or loss, primarily
     attributable to an impairment loss of HK$1.391 billion arising from the real estate segment under the Fund Management
     Business. The provision for impairment of advances to customers on the balance sheet increased from HK$1.103 billion as
     of the end of 2024 to HK$2.456 billion as of the end of 2025. The main reasons for the rise in provisions include, but are not
     limited to, the following aspects: firstly, property-related exposures have increased significantly during the year due to the
     continued downturn in domestic real estate market and the slowdown in macroeconomic growth; secondly, there are signs of a
     deterioration in overall asset quality, with the repayment capacity of some customers weakened by liquidity pressures, leading
     to a higher probability of default in the loan portfolio; meanwhile, the oversupply in the domestic commercial real estate market,
     sluggish rental recovery and pressure on property valuations have also had an adverse impact on the repayment capacity of
     some borrowers; finally, the currency of the underlying projects has appreciated significantly against the booking currency.
     In summary, to more accurately reflect credit risk, the Group has updated the models and key assumptions used to measure
     expected credit losses, and has correspondingly increased the level of provisions.


     EMPLOYEES
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s headquarters and wholly owned subsidiaries had 240 (31 December 2024: 242) full-time
     employees. The Group ensures that the remuneration packages for employees are fair and competitive and are determined by
     position, duties, experience and performance of employees. Other benefits to employees include medical insurance, retirement
     scheme and training programmes.




36
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




EBA YIDA
In August 2020, Zhuhai EBA Yida Management Centre, L.P. (“EBA Yida”) was established by EBA Investments to use
appropriate channels and methods to invest in real estate projects, primarily for urban renewal, focusing on investing in first-
tier cities in China as well as second- and third-tier cities with a healthy and well-developed real estate market in China. The
following table sets forth information on the major projects invested by EBA Yida during the reporting period:

 Name of Key Project                     Business Type                             Location         Investment Type

 Beijing Zhongguancun Project            Consumer infrastructure                   Beijing          Convertible bonds
 Chongqing Chaotianmen Project           Commercial complex                        Chongqing        Fund interest investment
 EBA Centre Project                      Commercial complex                        Shanghai         Fund interest investment
 Parkview Place                          Commercial office                         Beijing          Fund interest investment
 EBA Centre Hongqiao Project             Commercial complex                        Shanghai         Fund interest investment

PRINCIPLE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent in the
Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk management
objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk exposures within
acceptable limits.

The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department
and is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. This functional
structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the business units focus, control and
systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief description of the Group’s approach in
managing these risks.

(a)   Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
      unlisted derivative financial instruments.

      Credit risk management framework
      The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
      credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
      regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

      The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
      policies, procedures and limits.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
      credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.

      Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
      outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas
      take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal
      and Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
      risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
      checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It
      is also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures
      that the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
      Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
      Committee quarterly.




                                                                                                                                         37
     Management Discussion & Analysis | Continued




           For advances to customers, generally collaterals would be advised to be pledged before advances are granted. The
           amount of advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent
           change in value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is
           required.

           The impairment provisions for advances to customers are made based on the results calculated by the Group using
           the expected credit loss model, with primary reference to the third-party appraiser’s forecasts of underlying project’s
           valuation, and taking into account changes in the probability of default and recovery ratio of loans. The Group will assess
           the expected credit risk and impairment on an ongoing basis and communicate with the management and/or Board on
           the impact of the relevant events on specific projects and on the financial reporting of the Group in a timely manner in
           accordance with internal procedures. At the same time, the Group will take measure as and when appropriate to facilitate
           cash recovery.

           Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
           are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
           sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

           Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
           and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

           The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
           in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
           have a significant concentration of credit risk.

           The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
           amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
           any impairment allowance.


     (b)   Liquidity risk
           The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
           reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
           institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

           For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
           compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
           medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
           Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.


     (c)   Interest rate risk
           The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
           acceptable range.

           The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
           management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing differences
           in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the Finance and
           Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk Management, Legal and
           Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time deposits and interest rate linked
           derivatives, if necessary.

           The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
           result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
           policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
           Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
           levels of market interest rates.




38
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




(d)   Currency risk
      The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
      in foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
      monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
      United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
      and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

      Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
      should the need arise.


(e)   Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities, equity
      investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 10) and financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss (note 11). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
      investments are listed.

      The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
      or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed
      by specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
      corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
      instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
      and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

      The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
      information available to the Group.




                                                                                                                                   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                Strengthen the structure of
                corporate governance and
                lay out the cornerstone of
                 sustainable development.




40
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND STRUCTURE
China Everbright Limited (“CEL” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) always aim to comply with established
corporate governance best practices, and the core value of the Company is to protect the interests of its shareholders (the
“Shareholders”), customers, staff and other stakeholders. It is committed to strictly abiding by the laws and regulations of
Hong Kong and observing the rules and guidelines issued by the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Securities and
Futures Commission of Hong Kong and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company also
constantly reviews its corporate governance practices to meet international and local best practices including the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). One of the core values of the Company is that the highest standard of integrity is essential to
business development.

The Company recognises the importance of high standards of corporate governance and maintains an effective corporate
governance framework which contributes to the long-term success of CEL. The Company is also strongly committed to
embracing and enhancing sound corporate governance principles and practices. The established and well-structured corporate
governance framework directs and regulates the business ethical conduct of the Company, thereby protecting and upholding
the value of the Shareholders and its stakeholders as a whole in a sustainable manner.

CEL’s corporate governance structure is set out as follows:


                                                             Shareholders




                                                        Board of Directors




                         Audit and Risk                                                                     Environmental, Social
   Executive Board                              Nomination              Remuneration
                         Management                                                    Strategy Committee     and Governance
     Committee                                  Committee                Committee
                          Committee                                                                              Committee



                                                             Management




Detailed information on the composition of the Company’s board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) and various
Board committees of the Company, their Terms of Reference can be found on the Company’s website under “Investor
Relations” column.

The Board would like to confirm that, following careful examination and review, the Company has complied with all code
provisions of the CG Code that were in force for the year ended 31 December 2025.


CORPORATE CULTURE AND STRATEGY
The Company’s purpose is to be “China’s cross-border asset management industry pioneer”. With over 28 years’ experience
in cross-border asset management and PE investments, the Board is committed to maintaining the development requirements
of the Company and promoting a positive and progressive culture to its stakeholders to achieve its purpose. The Company’s
Vision is “To innovate the asset management industry by creating leading-edge investment solutions”. CEL’s understanding
of clients’ experience and its long-term investment philosophy provides favourable conditions to achieve higher returns. The
Company’s Value (Corporate Philosophy) is “The Power to Transform — Focus and long-term drive, Transforming challenge
into opportunities”. With a firm footing in Hong Kong — a true bridge between East and West — an international platform,
and specialised sector focused teams, CEL is well-positioned to take advantage of the long-term opportunities presented by
changes in the global markets, to respond flexibly, and to become a pioneer in Chinese cross-border investment and asset
management.




                                                                                                                                    41
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     BOARD
     Composition of the Board
     The Company is led by the Board that is effective and of quality. The Board is charged with promoting the success of CEL
     by directing and supervising its affairs in a responsible and effective manner. Each Director has a duty to act in good faith in
     the best interests of the Company, so as to bring maximum value to the Shareholders in the long term and practically fulfill
     its obligations to the stakeholders of the Group. The Directors are aware of their collective and individual responsibilities to
     all Shareholders for the manner in which the affairs of the Company are managed, controlled and operated. As at the date of
     this report, the Board has eight Directors, made up of four Executive Directors and four Independent Non-executive Directors
     (“INED(s)”). The Board members are set out as follows:


                                                                                                            LENGTH OF TENURE
                                                                                                          (as at the date of this report/
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                                                      up to the term of office)
         Mr. Lin Chun (Chairman)                                                                                   2 years and 2 months
         Mr. Pan Jianyun (appointed on 27 March 2025)                                                                             1 year
         Mr. An Xuesong                                                                                            1 year and 11 months
         Dr. Su Yang (appointed on 18 December 2025)                                                                           3 months
         Ms. Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)                                                                  1 year and 10 months
         Mr. Yin Yanwu (resigned on 18 December 2025)                                                             3 years and 11 months

      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
         Mr. Yu Fachang (resigned on 2 March 2026)                                                                 3 years and 9 months
         Dr. Qin Hongyuan (resigned on 26 March 2026)                                                              2 years and 2 months

      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
         Dr. Lin Zhijun                                                                                           20 years and 6 months
         Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                                                                7 years and 10 months
         Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund                                                                                                2 years
         Dr. Young Danqing Xu (appointed on 25 June 2025)                                                                      9 months

     All Directors possess extensive experiences in the financial industry. They have abundant professional expertise to fully
     understand our business and the necessary skills to deal with our business matters. Each of them is prudent, objective and
     diligent and has devoted sufficient time and efforts to handle the Company’s affairs. Each Director confirms to the Company
     yearly he/she has spent sufficient time to perform his/her responsibilities as a Director of the Company. Each Director discloses
     to the Company (at the time of appointment and in a timely manner for any changes) the numbers and nature of office held
     in public companies or organisations and other significant commitments. The relevant content will also be disclosed in the
     announcements in relation to his/her appointment and the annual reports of the Company.

     With the assistance of the Nomination Committee, the Board reviews its structure, size and composition (including skills,
     expertise, experiences and gender diversity) on an annual basis. The Board considers the composition and proportion of its
     members reasonable and appropriate, which can fully leverage balance of powers such that the interests of the Company, the
     Shareholders and the stakeholders are protected to the maximum extent.

     During the year, all the Directors (including Non-executive Directors and INEDs) were appointed through formal service
     contracts or letters of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of their appointment.

     The appointment of a new Director is a matter for consideration by the Nomination Committee in accordance with the “Director
     Nomination & Succession Policy” which is posted on the Company’s website under “Investor Relations” column and decision
     by the full Board. Pursuant to the Articles of Association (the “Articles”), all Directors shall retire by rotation at least once every
     three years at annual general meetings and be eligible for re-election. All new Directors appointed by the Board are subject to
     re-election by Shareholders at the first annual general meeting after his appointment. At every annual general meeting of the
     Company, re-election of each Director has been assigned as a separate resolution for Shareholders’ approval.



42
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




If any substantial Shareholder or Director has a potential conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board, which
the Board has determined to be material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical meeting (rather than a written resolution),
the relevant Directors shall abstain from voting and a Board meeting attended by INEDs who have no material interest in the
matter shall be held to discuss and vote on the resolution. There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or
other material/relevant relationship(s)) among the Board members. Any Director concerned should declare the nature and
extent of his/her interest prior to the relevant meeting agenda of the Board or the Board committees.


Diversity of the Board
According to the “Board Diversity Policy” of the Company which is posted on the Company’s website under “Investor
Relations” column, the Board recognises the importance of having a diverse Board for enhancing the board effectiveness and
corporate governance. A diverse Board should possess and make good use of differences in the skills, industry knowledge and
experience, education, race, age, gender, background and other qualities of directors. These differences are taken into account
in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible should be balanced appropriately.

According to the Director Nomination & Succession Policy of the Company, the Nomination Committee has the responsibility
of identifying and nominating directors for approval by the Board. It takes the responsibility in assessing the appropriate mix
of experience, expertise, skills and diversity required by the Board, assessing the extent to which the required skills are
represented on the Board and overseeing Board succession. It is also responsible for reviewing and reporting to the Board in
relation to Board diversity on an annual basis.

As at 31 December 2025, the Board’s composition and diversity profile is as follows:


                      Gender                                          Male                                         Female


                  Age Group                 40-49                     50-59                      60-69             over 69


                     Capacity          Executive Directors         Non-executive Directors          INEDs


            Year(s) of Service          Less than 1                               1-5                        Over 5

                                 0      1           2    3        4           5          6   7           8     9         10

                                                             Number of Directors


As at 31 December 2025, the senior management of the Group comprised all the Executive Directors (i.e. 4 males) and one
additional male member; and among the 240 employees of the Group, the ratio of male to female staff was 1/0.92. The
Company fully recognizes the importance of gender diversity on the Board and within senior management in enhancing
corporate governance standards. To this end, we have established a clear employee diversity policy and set a measurable
target that female employees constitute not less than 45% of the total workforce, with the aim of building a balanced gender
structure across all employee levels. In promoting gender diversity within senior management, we fully acknowledge the
complexities involved and view its implementation as a long-term, systematic endeavor. The relevant contextual factors are
primarily reflected in:

1.    Characteristics of the Industry Talent Pool: The professional talent pool in the financial and investment industry (particularly
      in specific business segments such as private equity) has, due to historical social factors including education and career
      choices, resulted in a relatively limited base of female practitioners with extensive industry experience and high-level
      management potential. This creates a structural bottleneck in the supply of qualified candidates during senior executive
      selection processes.




                                                                                                                                         43
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     2.    Comprehensive Balance in Cross-Regional Operations: With the Company’s business operations spanning multiple
           regions, it is necessary to comprehensively consider the regulatory environments, cultural backgrounds, and business
           synergy requirements of different markets when allocating management personnel. In balancing the diversity
           expectations and practical operational requirements across various regions, the composition of senior management is
           influenced by multiple objective factors, and its adjustment pace must align with the overall business development stage.

           Despite these structural challenges, the Company consistently regards the enhancement of gender diversity within
           senior management as a crucial objective for sustainable development. We are actively implementing a series of
           proactive measures to advance this goal, including:

           •     Strengthening Internal Talent Pipeline: In talent recruitment planning, we explicitly prioritize the inclusion of female
                 candidates, particularly in middle management and key business roles, actively expanding the pipeline of female
                 talent.

           •     Fostering an Inclusive Culture: Continuously optimizing the Company’s internal workplace culture, supporting the
                 career development of female employees through leadership training and other initiatives, and enhancing retention
                 rates and promotion potential for female staff.

           •     Transparent Progress Disclosure: Committing to regularly disclose our efforts and progress in diversity matters,
                 demonstrating to the market and investors our commitment to promoting gender equality.


     Board Skills Composition Overview
     As at 31 December 2025, based on the self-assessment results of all the Directors across various skill areas, the overall board
     skills composition is summarized as follows:

                                                                                            NUMBER OF
      SKILL AREA                                                                             DIRECTORS             PERCENTAGE
      Industry Knowledge and Experience                                                                    8/9                    89%
      Financial Literacy/Business Acumen                                                                   8/9                    89%
      Risk Management and Compliance                                                                       8/9                    89%
      Emerging Issues                                                                                      8/9                    89%
      Qualifications                                                                                       8/9                    89%
      Strategy                                                                                             7/9                    78%
      People Management Experience                                                                         7/9                    78%
      Diversity                                                                                            7/9                    78%
      Leadership                                                                                           6/9                    67%

     Biographical details with the professional experience, skills and knowledge of the Directors are available in the section of
     “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 92 to 96 of this Annual Report.




44
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Analysis of Key Skill Areas
1.   Industry Knowledge and Experience (8 directors, 89%)
     The majority of directors possess relevant industry background in asset management and private equity, demonstrating
     a foundational understanding of the Company’s principal business areas. This supports a basic level of professional
     communication when the board discusses business-related matters.


2.   Financial Literacy/Business Acumen (8 directors, 89%)
     Board members generally have the ability to read financial statements and understand financial information. Several
     independent non-executive directors have professional accounting or finance backgrounds, enabling them to fulfill
     relevant oversight functions at the audit committee level.


3.   Risk Management and Compliance (8 directors, 89%)
     Most directors have a basic understanding of risk management and internal control systems. Directors with legal
     backgrounds and those with financial auditing experience can provide input on the company’s risk management from
     different perspectives.


4.   Emerging Issues (8 directors, 89%)
     A considerable number of directors indicated that they pay attention to emerging issues such as artificial intelligence
     and financial technology. This reflects the board’s ongoing interest in industry trends, which helps incorporate relevant
     considerations when discussing the Company’s future direction.


5.   Qualifications (8 directors, 89%)
     Directors possess relevant professional backgrounds or work experience in areas such as accounting/finance, economics/
     business, and law, meeting the relevant requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding director qualifications.


6.   Strategy (7 directors, 78%)
     Over 70% of directors consider themselves capable of identifying strategic opportunities and formulating plans.
     Executive directors participate in the development and implementation of the Company’s strategy, while independent
     non-executive directors can provide input from an external perspective.




                                                                                                                                 45
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     7.    People Management Experience (7 directors, 78%)
           Most executive directors have experience in managing teams. Some independent non-executive directors have also held
           management positions in their respective professional fields and can offer relevant insights on people management-
           related matters.


     8.    Diversity (7 directors, 78%)
           The board has a certain degree of diversity in terms of gender and professional background. It currently includes one
           female director, as well as members from academic and public policy backgrounds, bringing different perspectives to the
           board.


     9.    Leadership (6 directors, 67%)
           Approximately two-thirds of the directors self-assessed as having the ability to lead teams and implement plans. This
           competency is primarily concentrated at the executive director level, which aligns with the general functional division
           between the board and management. The Chair leads the Board’s operations, while management is responsible for
           leading teams to execute established plans.

     As at 31 December 2025, based on the self-assessment results, the Board demonstrates broad coverage across several skill
     areas:

     1.    Solid Foundational Knowledge: The majority of directors have a basic understanding of the Company’s principal
           business areas and financial matters, enabling them to participate in discussions on related topics.

     2.    General Awareness of Risk and Compliance: The Board shows a certain level of attention to risk management and
           compliance requirements, with members possessing relevant professional backgrounds able to provide input.

     3.    Attention to Emerging Issues: A considerable number of directors are mindful of developments in emerging areas such
           as artificial intelligence, which helps the Company consider relevant factors when formulating strategies.

     4.    Clear Functional Division: Leadership capabilities are primarily concentrated at the executive director level, with a
           relatively clear division of responsibilities between the Chair and management.

           As at 31 December 2025, overall, the Board possesses the foundational skill sets necessary to perform its oversight and
           decision-making functions, with members’ experiences in different areas complementing each other to a certain extent.

     The Board considers that diversity of the Board is a vital asset to the business of the Group. Board appointments and employee
     recruitments are based on merit, and candidates are considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits
     of diversity, including but not limited to gender diversity. Selection of candidates of different genders depends on the pool of
     candidates of each gender with the necessary knowledge, experience, skills and educational background. The final decision is
     based on merit and contribution that the chosen candidate will bring to the Board or the Group.




46
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Role of Independent Non-executive Directors
The Board believes that the INEDs play an important role in corporate governance. The opinions of INEDs have significant
influence on the Board in the process of making decisions. The guidelines for appointment, roles, responsibilities, independence
and evaluation of INEDs are clearly set out in the “Independent Non-executive Directors Policy” of the Company, which is
posted on the Company’s website under “Investor Relations” column. INEDs provide the necessary checks and balances to
ensure that CEL operates in a safe and sound manner and that its interests are protected. They also bring external experience
and make judgment objectively. They are particularly important in performing a monitoring role. The Board has received from
the INEDs written annual confirmations of their independence pursuant to the requirement under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
and considers all the INEDs to be independent. The appointments of INEDs are for a fixed term and all of them are subject to
retirement by rotation at least once every three years in accordance with the Articles and the Listing Rules.

Every year, the Board reviews and assesses the independence of any INED who is in office for more than nine years. His/her
further appointment is subject to a separate resolution to be approved by general meeting. The reasons why the Board believes
that the individual is still independent and should be re-elected will be set out in the circular, in so far as the independence of
each of the Directors is concerned, this is a matter of fact and the Board is committed to assessing this on an ongoing basis
with regard to all relevant factors concerned and not just limited to where a director whose length of service exceeds 9 years.


Mechanisms to Ensure Independent Views and Input
The Board establishes mechanism(s) to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The Nomination
Committee is delegated the responsibility to review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual
basis.

The number of INEDs represents not less than one-third of the Board as required under the Listing Rules. All the INEDs
possess appropriate professional qualifications and accounting or related financial management expertise. As at 31 December
2025, the independence weighting on Board and various board committees is as follows:


                                Board                   4                          2                           4

Audit and Risk Management Committee                                                4

               Nomination Committee                                       4                                              1

             Remuneration Committee                                       4                                              1

                  Strategy Committee                                      4                      1                  2

                      ESG Committee             1                 1                                    3

                                        0     10%      20%      30%      40%     50%      60%        70%     80%        90%      100%

                                                     INEDs             Non-executive Directors             Executive Directors


INEDs provide CEL with diversified expertise and experience. Their views and participation in the meetings of the Board and the
Board committees bring objective and independent judgments and advice on issues relating to CEL’s strategies, performance,
conflicts of interest and management processes, which ensure that the interests of all Shareholders are taken into account.




                                                                                                                                        47
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     The Company has multiple mechanisms in place to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. These
     include but are not limited to, when reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, the Nomination Committee
     puts emphasis on whether the composition of Executive and Non-Executive Directors (including INEDs) is balanced and
     ensures that there is a strong independent element on the Board. All INEDs should be of sufficient calibre and number for their
     views to carry weight. All Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to include matters in the agenda for regular Board
     meetings. If any Director makes a reasonable request, the Company should provide independent professional advice upon
     request, at the Company’s expense, to the Director(s) to assist such Director(s) or the Board in performing directors’ duties to
     the Company. Besides, a controversial matter is required to be discussed at a Board meeting rather than being dealt with by a
     written resolution so as to ensure that Directors (including INEDs) are given opportunities to exchange their views instantly with
     each other. The Chairman at least annually holds a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of other Directors. Based on
     the above, the Board considers that the implementation of above mechanisms is effective.


     Directors’ Liability Insurance
     The Company has in place an appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for each member of the Board to cover
     their liabilities on damages arising out of corporate activities. The coverage and the sum insured under the policy are reviewed
     on an annual basis by the Company.


     Responsibilities of the Board
     The Board is at the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework, and there is a clear division of responsibilities
     between the Board and the management of the Group (the “Management”). The Board is responsible for providing high-level
     guidance and effective oversight of the Management. In general, duties of the Board include:

           setting CEL’s values and standards and approving CEL’s long term strategy and monitoring its implementation;

           establishing and maintaining the purpose and strategic direction of CEL, and satisfy itself that CEL’s purpose, values and
           strategy are aligned with the culture of the Company;

           monitoring and controlling CEL’s operations, financial and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) performance
           through reviewing and approving its business plan and financial budget, and ensures CEL has adequate resources, staff
           qualification and experience in accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, as well as those relating to
           CEL’s ESG performance and reporting;

           ensuring timely and accurate disclosure to and communication with stakeholders;

           approving the annual and interim results to ensure the integrity of CEL’s accounting and financial reporting system and
           compliance with the relevant laws and standards;

           reviewing and monitoring risk management and internal control of CEL to ensure that appropriate risk management and
           internal control systems are in place, including systems for risk management, financial and operational control;

           maintaining an effective governance and oversight of ESG affairs, as well as assessment and management of material
           ESG risks, ESG strategy and reporting;

           overseeing the management of the business and affairs of CEL, ensuring that a framework of prudent and effective
           controls is in place to enable risks to be assessed and managed with due regard to maximizing Shareholders’ value; and

           monitoring the performance of the Management, ensuring the financial statements are prepared to give a true, complete
           and accurate view of the Company.




48
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




The Board authorises the Management to specifically carry out the approved strategies. The Management is responsible for
the day-to-day operation of the Company and is required to report to the Board regularly. The Board has formulated the “Terms
of Reference of the Board” and the “Mandate”, which set out the circumstances under which the Management should report
to and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Group.
The Board regularly reviews the Mandate, and will update and amend the Mandate when appropriate.

Non-executive Directors are independent from the Management. Their responsibilities include:

(a)   participating in Board meetings and provide independent opinions on matters involving strategy, policies, performance,
      accountability, resources, appointment of key personnel and standards of conduct;

(b)   promoting strict review and monitoring of management procedures;

(c)   dealing with potential conflicts of interest proactively;

(d)   serving on the Board committees such as the Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination Committee,
      Remuneration Committee, Strategy Committee, and ESG Committee by invitation;

(e)   contributing to the Board and its Board committees by regularly attending meetings and actively participating, making
      good use of their skills, expertise, different backgrounds and qualifications;

(f)   attending general meetings and also fully understanding Shareholders’ opinions; and

(g)   contributing to the formulation of company strategies and policies, monitor the Company’s performance against
      established corporate goals and objectives, and focus on performance reporting.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:

 1    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

 2    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

 3    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

 4    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and Directors;

 5    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the “Corporate Governance Report”; and

 6    to review the contribution of Directors in performing their duties to the Company.




                                                                                                                                49
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     During the year and up to the date of this report, the Board had performed the above duties, including review of the following
     documents relating to the corporate governance policies and practices:

           Terms of Reference of the Board;

           Corporate Governance Report;

           Internal Control Report;

           Risk Management Report;

           Sustainability Report (formerly known as ESG Report);

           Dividend Policy;

           Board Training Guidelines; and

           Directors’ Performance Evaluation Policy.


     Chairman and President
     During the year, the positions of the Chairman of the Board and the President were held by Mr. Yu Fachang, the then
     Non-executive Director, and Mr. Lin Chun, the Executive Director, respectively. The roles of the Chairman and the President
     are clearly established and stipulated in the “Terms of Reference of the Board”. The Chairman of the Board leads the Board
     in order to ensure that the Board discharges its formal responsibilities and conforms to good corporate governance practices
     and procedures. Besides, the Chairman is also responsible for making sure that all Directors are properly informed of important
     issues on which the Company is focusing and that all Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information. The Chairman
     also leads the Board in formulating business objectives and their related strategies. He is also responsible for organising
     the business of the Board, setting its agenda to take full account of the important issues facing CEL and the concerns of all
     Directors, ensuring that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues, and ensuring its
     effectiveness with the assistance of the Company Secretary. The Chairman is also taking primary responsibility for ensuring
     that good corporate governance practices and procedures are in place. Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman oversees
     the implementation of the practices and procedures set out in the CG Code. The Chairman facilitates the effective contribution
     of the Directors and the effective communication with the stakeholders, ensures that timely and adequate information,
     which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable, is delivered to the Directors to fulfill their duties. The Chairman is also
     overseeing and giving guidance to the Management in order to enhance the functions of the Board for ensuring the decision
     of Board are in the best interest of the Company. Subject to those matters expressly reserved or otherwise stipulated by the
     Board, the Board grants its powers and delegates its responsibilities to the Management Decision Committee for the daily
     administration, operation and management of the business and affairs of the Group. The Management Decision Committee
     is the ultimate owner of responsibilities of daily administration, operation and management of the business and affairs of the
     Group and is accountable to the Board. During the period, Mr. Lin Chun, the then President, served as the Chairman of the
     Management Decision Committee. The Vice Presidents and other Management Decision Committee members assist the
     President in carrying out the work and are responsible for the relevant daily management matters of the Group.

     On 2 March 2026, Mr. Yu Fachang resigned as the Chairman of the Board and a Non-executive Director. Mr. Lin Chun, currently
     an Executive Director, has been re-designated from his original position as the President to the Chairman of the Board, where
     he will preside over the work of the Board. Mr. Pan Jianyun, the Executive Director and Vice President, has assumed the duties
     of Acting President, is responsible for the daily operations and management of the Group. Mr. Pan Jianyun is also serve as the
     Chairman of the Management Decision Committee.




50
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




The “Terms of Reference of the Board”, as updated from time to time, are published on the Company’s website
www.everbright.com and the website of the Stock Exchange. The “Terms of Reference of the Board” clearly define the
terms of reference of the Board as well as all the Board committees. The Board committees make recommendations to
the Board on relevant matters within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within
the power delegated by the Board. Designated secretaries are assigned to all Board committees to provide professional
company secretarial services in order to ensure that the Board committee members have adequate resources to discharge
their responsibilities properly and effectively. According to the “Terms of Reference of the Board”, the Board and the Board
committees review and evaluate their respective work processes and effectiveness on an annual basis. The Board shall
also promptly update and revise the “Terms of Reference of the Board” according to its needs, and the updated “Terms of
Reference of the Board” will also be uploaded timely to the Company’s website and the website of the Stock Exchange for
public inspection.


Training and Support for Directors
The Listing Rules require directors to understand their responsibilities as directors of listed companies. To ensure that newly
appointed Directors have adequate understanding of the responsibilities as directors of listed companies as well as the
operations and business of CEL, the Board has set up an induction system for new Directors. The Company Secretary conducts
the induction programme for each of the newly appointed Directors, and the induction includes a description of directors’
duties, the Listing Rules, introduction of the Board and the Board committees’ composition together with the corporate
governance structure, and the introduction of business of the Company. According to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Mr. Pan
Jianyun (appointed as an Executive Director on 27 March 2025) obtained the legal advice and received induction training of
no less than 2 hours from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law on 21 March 2025. Dr. Young Danqing Xu
(appointed as an INED on 25 June 2025) obtained the legal advice and received induction training of no less than 2 hours from
a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law on 24 June 2025. Dr. Su Yang (appointed as an Executive Director on
18 December 2025) obtained the legal advice and received induction training of no less than 2 hours from a firm of solicitors
qualified to advise on Hong Kong law on 16 December 2025. The Company received written confirmation from each of the
newly appointed Directors, namely Mr. Pan Jianyun, Dr. Young Danqing Xu and Dr. Su Yang, that he/she understood his/her
obligations as a director of a listed company.

To ensure that all Directors can constantly update their knowledge and make informed recommendations and advice to the
Board, the Board has established a guideline on directors’ training. In addition to arranging appropriate directors’ training on an
annual basis, the Company issues “monthly circulars” to the Board members, contents of which include the monthly financial
statements of CEL, to give Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position
and prospects, together with reports to the Directors about latest information on the Company’s operation, investor relations,
and information and training materials in relation to directors’ responsibilities. The said reading materials are mainly used for
providing the Board members with information on significant changes in the regulatory requirements applicable to both the
Directors and the Company, the latest developments in the industry and the latest development in corporate governance
practices in a timely manner, which can update their knowledge and skills associated with directors’ duties. The contents
and information contained in the “monthly circulars” to the Board members are of sufficient details to enable the Directors to
perform the Directors’ duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules.

Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary also arranges meetings between the Board members and
front-line business teams in a timely manner, which enable the Board members to enhance understanding of the front-line
business development of the Company and enable Directors obtaining first hand information of the operation of the business
of the Company. In addition to arranging training to Directors regularly, the Board members are also encouraged to participate
in professional training programmes as they consider appropriate, with a view to developing and updating their knowledge and
skills.




                                                                                                                                      51
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     During the year, based on the training records provided to the Company by the Directors, each Directors participated in
     continuous professional development by attending or delivering talks in seminars and/or conferences and/or forums, and by
     reading information, newspapers, journals and materials on the following topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and
     skills:


      DIRECTORS                                                               TRAINING TOPICS
                                                         Law and          Corporate        Board                  Business
                                                       regulatory        Governance responsibility             and Industry
      Executive Directors
        Lin Chun                                                    √                  √                  √                   √
        Pan Jianyun (appointed on 27 March 2025)                    √                  √                  √                   √
        An Xuesong                                                  √                  √                  √                   √
        Su Yang (appointed on 18 December 2025)                     √                  √                  √                   √
        Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)                        √                  √                  √                   √
        Yin Yanwu
        (resigned on 18 December 2025)                              √                  √                  √                   √

      Non-executive Directors
        Yu Fachang (resigned on 2 March 2026)                       √                  √                  √                   √
        Qin Hongyuan (resigned on 26 March 2026)                    √                  √                  √                   √

      Independent Non-executive
      Directors
        Lin Zhijun                                                  √                  √                  √                   √
        Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                       √                  √                  √                   √
        Wong Chun Sek Edmund                                        √                  √                  √                   √
        Young Danqing Xu
        (appointed on 25 June 2025)                                 √                  √                  √                   √


     Attendance of the Directors at Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
     A total of five Board meetings were held during the year. The regular Board meetings and the regular Board committee
     meetings were scheduled and approved by the Board in the preceding year. Unscheduled supplementary meetings (if any)
     may also take place as and when necessary with reasonable notice. Formal notices have been sent to all Directors at least
     14 days before the regular meetings being held. All Directors are given an opportunity to include matters to be discussed in
     the agenda for the Board meeting. In general, the Board agenda and meeting materials have been dispatched to all Board or
     relevant committee members for review at least 3 working days before the meetings. According to Article 111 of the Articles,
     the Board/Board committee members may participate in Board/Board committee meetings through telephone conferencing or
     similar communication equipment.

     The agenda has been prepared after sufficient consultation with the Board/Board committee members and the Management
     and are then approved by the respective chairmen. The Company Secretary is responsible for submitting the papers of Board
     meetings and relevant information to the Directors, who can capture the adequate information timely which is complete and
     reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. The Board ensures
     that Directors, especially Non-executive Directors and INEDs, are provided with sufficient resources in the furtherance of
     their duties as Board/Board committee members, including obtaining further information if necessary or seeking independent
     professional advice accordingly at the cost of the Company.

     The minutes of the Board/Board committee meetings record in sufficient detail of all the issues considered and the decisions
     reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting view expressed, made by the Directors/respective Board
     committee members. The minutes, upon reviewed by all the Directors/respective Board committee members and signed by
     the Chairman of the Board/chairman of the respective Board committees in next meeting, are properly kept by the Company
     Secretary or the designated secretary. The Company Secretary or the designated secretary has reported matters arising from
     the previous Board/Board committees meeting and the relevant follow-up actions taken.


52
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




All the Board members can also seek the advice and services from the Company Secretary or the designated secretaries of
the respective Board committees. The Company Secretary is also responsible for ensuring compliance of the procedures of
the Board as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations. Apart from the regular Board meetings, the Company Secretary
also arranges at least one meeting annually for the Chairman of the Board to meet the INEDs in the absence of other Directors
and the Management. Directors have separate and independent access to the senior management, the management and
employees.


Attendance Rate
The attendance rate of the Directors at Board meetings and various Board committees meetings as well as the general
meetings of the Company in 2025 is set out below:

                                                   AUDIT & RISK
                                                  MANAGEMENT        NOMINATION     REMUNERATION              ESG
                                                    COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE        COMMITTEE          GENERAL
     DIRECTORS/MEMBERS         BOARD MEETING          MEETING          MEETING          MEETING          MEETING          MEETING
       Yu Fachang1                          5/5             N/A              3/3              3/3              N/A              1/1
       Lin Chun                             5/5             N/A              N/A              N/A              1/2              1/1
       Pan Jianyun2                         5/5             N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1              1/1
       An Xuesong                           5/5             N/A              N/A              N/A              2/2              1/1
       Su Yang3                             1/1             N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A
       Yin Yanwu4                           4/4             N/A              N/A              N/A              N/A              1/1
       Wang Yun5                            1/1             N/A              N/A              N/A              0/1              N/A
       Qin Hongyuan6                        5/5             N/A              N/A              N/A              2/2              1/1
       Lin Zhijun                           5/5             6/6              3/3              3/3              N/A              1/1
       Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                5/5             6/6              3/3              3/3              2/2              1/1
       Wong Chun Sek Edmund                 5/5             6/6              3/3              3/3              N/A              1/1
       Young Danqing Xu7                    3/3             3/3              1/1              1/1              N/A              N/A

Notes:
1.
          Mr. Yu Fachang resigned as the Chairman and a Non-executive Director on 2 March 2026.
2.
          Mr. Pan Jianyun was appointed as an Executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 27 March 2025.
3.
          Dr. Su Yang was appointed as an Executive Director on 18 December 2025.
4.
          Mr. Yin Yanwu resigned as an Executive Director on 18 December 2025.
5.
          Ms. Wang Yun resigned as an Executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 27 March 2025.
6
          Dr. Qin Hongyuan resigned as a Non-executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee on 26 March 2026.
7.
          Dr. Young Danqing Xu was appointed as an INED, a member of each of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination
          Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 25 June 2025.


Every Director performs his/her duties as a Director at all times in good faith, objectively, with diligence and in the best interest
of CEL. The Directors have to spend substantial time for the meetings of the Board and the Board committees, including
reading the meeting papers before the meetings, allowing sufficient discussion of the issues in the meetings and having in-
depth understanding of the follow-up issues under the agenda after the meetings. Directors disclosed to the Company each
year the number and nature of offices they held in other public companies or organisations and other significant commitments,
with an indication of the time involved. The Board considers all Directors devoted sufficient time and efforts to deal with
matters of the Group, and other commitments would not affect the effectiveness of their contribution to or the time available
for CEL.




                                                                                                                                        53
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     BOARD COMMITTEES
     Taking into account the market practices and international best practices in corporate governance, the Board established six
     Board committees to assist it in carrying out its relevant responsibilities, including the Executive Board Committee, the Audit
     and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the ESG Committee and the
     Strategy Committee. In addition, the Board will, if necessary, authorise an independent board committee comprising only
     INEDs to review, approve and monitor the connected transactions (including continuing connected transactions) in accordance
     with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The “Terms of Reference of the Board” clearly define the terms
     of reference of the Board committees. The Board committees can make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters
     within their terms of reference, or make decisions under appropriate circumstances within the power as delegated by the
     Board. The Board committees submit their reports on their work semi-annually. As mentioned, the “Terms of Reference of the
     Board”, which set out the terms of references of all the Board committees, are published on the Company’s website and the
     website of the Stock Exchange.

     The Management is responsible for providing the Board and Board committees with adequate and timely information which
     is complete and reliable and which will enable Directors to make an informed decision on matters placed before them. Where
     any Director requires more information than those provided by the Management themselves, he will make further enquiries,
     to which the Management must respond quickly and effectively. The Board and individual Directors have separate and
     independent access to the senior management.


     Executive Board Committee
     The Executive Board Committee currently consists of all of the four Executive Directors, including Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. Pan
     Jianyun (replacing Ms. Wang Yun since 27 March 2025), Mr. An Xuesong and Dr. Su Yang (replacing Mr. Yin Yanwu since
     18 December 2025). Mr. Lin Chun is the chairman of the Executive Board Committee. With the delegation by the Board, the
     Executive Board Committee makes decisions as delegated by the Board through interactive communications from time to time,
     including:

     (a)   to approve the corporate objectives and business development plans proposed by the management;

     (b)   to approve material transactions of the Company which are not required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules;

     (c)   to approve material issues regarding the Company’s interest as a shareholder of Everbright Bank and Everbright
           Securities in Chinese Mainland;

     (d)   to approve bank account opening, change of authorised signatory and other relevant resolutions;

     (e)   to approve the renewal of bank loan/facilities, replacement of bank loan/facilities and other relevant resolutions;

     (f)   to propose to the Board the establishment or abolishing of any Board committees; and

     (g)   to approve other regular procedural matters that the Board agrees to delegate to the Executive Board Committee.

     The resolutions passed by the Executive Board Committee have same effect as the resolutions of the Board.




54
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Audit and Risk Management Committee
The Audit and Risk Management Committee (the “Committee”) currently comprises four members, and all members including
the chairman are INEDs. The Committee is chaired by Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund and the other members are Dr. Lin
Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen and Dr. Young Danqing Xu. All of them possess appropriate professional qualifications and
experiences in financial matters. Further to the terms of reference as required to be performed by the audit committee under
the Listing Rules, the Committee also assists the Board in formulating and monitoring the risk management strategy and related
framework and policy of the Company. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
affairs assists the Committee in performing the daily risk management function of the Company in order to ensure that the risk
management and internal control systems have been implemented and complied with. The Committee assists the Board in
fulfilling its responsibilities relating to the supervision of the financial statements, internal control, risk management (including
but not limited to the risks relating to ESG), internal audit and external audit of the Company. The written terms of reference
of the Committee, which were prepared with reference to “A Guide for Effective Audit Committees” published by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and updated with reference to the requirement of the CG Code, were approved
and properly authorised by the Board. The Terms of Reference of the Committee is available for inspection on the Company’s
website. The Committee mainly assists the Board in performing its role in the Company in the following areas, among others:


Internal Audit Function
      to supervise the Internal Audit Department implementing the annual audit planning reviews, at the time of which the
      Internal Audit Department will review the general adequacy of the accounting system and internal control system and will
      outline the indicated internal audit programme in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries for review and guidance by
      the Committee;

      to discuss and study the highlight of significant events and findings from the Internal Audit Department of which, in their
      opinion, require the Committee’s knowledge and/or attention. Representative of Internal Audit Department will be invited
      to attend the Committee meetings and present the internal control supervision and work reports and other relevant
      inspection reports in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries for the Committee’s discussion. The Committee will
      discuss the reports and report the summary of reports as appropriate to the Board;

      to ensure that co-ordination between the Internal Audit Department and External Auditor is adequate and that the internal
      audit function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its
      effectiveness; and

      to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal control system and the internal audit function based on a risk
      methodology process.

In addition, pursuant to code provisions D.2 and D.3.3 of the CG Code, the Committee conducted an annual review of the
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company with the assistance of the Vice President of
the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Internal Audit Department. The internal control review
of the Group covered all material aspects, including financial, operational and compliance controls as well as risk management.
Upon completion of the review, the Committee agreed with the review results of the Internal Audit Department that the
key areas of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems were reasonably implemented and were able to
prevent material misstatements or losses, safeguard the Company’s assets, maintain appropriate accounting records, ensure
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and generally the internal control requirements of the CG Code have been
fulfilled. Such views were recommended to the Board. Please refer to the section headed “Internal Control” for details about
the said review.




                                                                                                                                        55
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     External Auditor
           to appoint, retain, dismiss and replace the Company’s External Auditor, subject to endorsement by the Board and
           final approval and authorisation by the Shareholders in general meetings, and to approve the remuneration and terms
           of engagement of the External Auditor, and any questions of its resignation or dismissal; and monitor the associated
           fees and independence of the External Auditor to ensure that the performance of non-audit services does not impair
           the independence of the External Auditor in connection with their audit. The non-audit service to be performed by the
           External Auditor shall be separately identified in connection with its pre-approval if the total amount of fees exceeds the
           annual caps authorised by the Committee;

           to meet the External Auditor at least annually, in the absence of the Management, to discuss matters relating to any
           issues arising from the audit and any accounting, financial reporting or internal control matters the External Auditor may
           wish to raise;

           to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards and discuss with
           the External Auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;

           to review the work of the External Auditor (including the resolution of any disagreement between the Management and
           the External Auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work,
           the scope of their audit and any other services, and approve the fees for and terms of their services;

           review with the External Auditor recent or anticipated developments in accounting principles or reporting practices that
           may affect the Company or the scope of the audit; and discuss major anticipated audit problems, if any;

           to review results of audits performed by the External Auditor including any changes in accounting procedures and/or the
           system of internal controls noted or developed during the audit examination along with matters of controversy, if any,
           with the Management, determine appropriate actions required on significant control weaknesses, and recommend such
           actions to the Board; and

           to review the External Auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the External Auditor to the
           Management about accounting records, financial statements or systems of control and the Management’s response.


     Financial Reporting
           to review and monitor the completeness, accuracy and fairness of half-year and annual financial statements before
           submission to the Board with particular regard to changes in accounting policies and practices, major judgmental areas,
           adequacy of disclosure, consistency within the financial statements and with prior disclosures, any significant audit
           adjustments, the going concern assumption and any qualifications, compliance with any applicable legal requirements
           and accounting standards and compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules and other legal requirements in
           relation to financial reporting.

     The Committee invites the Group’s Vice President in charge of Finance, Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal
     and Compliance, Head of Internal Audit Department and External Auditor to attend all its meetings.

     The Committee considers any significant and unusual items that are, or may need to be, reflected in the report and financial
     statements, and gives due consideration to any matters that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the
     accounting and financial reporting function, compliance officer or auditors.




56
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Risk Management
Pursuant to the CG Code, with assistance of the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
Compliance, the Committee considers and reports to the Board for its review of:

(a)   the changes, since the last review, in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks), and how the
      Company responds to changes in its business and the external environment;

(b)   the scope and quality of the Management’s ongoing monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control
      system and the work of internal audit;

(c)   the monitoring results, which enable it to assess control of the Company and the effectiveness of risk management;

(d)   significant control failings or weaknesses identified (if any) and the extent that they have caused unforeseen outcomes or
      contingencies that could have material impact on the Company’s financial performance or condition; and

(e)   the effectiveness of the processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.

In addition, the Committee monitors the Company to disclose the following in the Risk Management Report:

(a)   the process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks;

(b)   additional information to explain its risk management processes and internal control system;

(c)   an acknowledgement by the Board that it is responsible for the internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness;

(d)   the process used to review the effectiveness of the internal control system; and

(e)   the process used to resolve material internal control defects for any significant problems disclosed in its annual reports
      and financial statements.

A comprehensive analysis of the risks affecting the businesses of the Company and the associated mitigation measures is set
out in the Risk Management Report on pages 71 to 79 in this Annual Report.


Corporate Governance
      reviewing and dealing with the Company’s accounting, financial reporting and internal audit functions, the effectiveness
      of the Company’s corporate governance structures and its implementation;

      overseeing the Company to abide by any applicable laws and comply with regulations of the relevant regulators and
      maintain its business ethics; and

      making recommendations to the Board where necessary, and carrying out duties within the delegated authority of the
      Board.




                                                                                                                                   57
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Whistleblowing
     The Committee is responsible for monitoring the use and effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy for employees and third
     parties who deal with the Group, such as the Group’s clients and suppliers that provide products or services to the Group,
     to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the senior management of the Group or the Committee about possible
     improprieties in any matter related to the Group, including but not limited to breach of legal or regulatory requirement, breach
     of policy or code of conduct of the Group, illegal activity, misconduct or fraud involving internal control, accounting, audit and
     financial matters, and misconduct or immoral behavior that may prejudice the reputation of the Group, etc. When employees
     and third parties reasonably suspect any misconduct in the Group, they can notify the Vice President of the Group in charge of
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who shall investigate the matter and report to the Committee if a prima facie case is
     established. If, for any reason, the whistleblower does not wish to report to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
     Management, Legal and Compliance, then the whistleblower can report to the chairman of the Committee. The Committee
     shall then decide how the investigation is to be proceeded, and ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and
     independent investigation of these matters for appropriate follow-up action. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
     Management, Legal and Compliance and the Company Secretary of the Company shall report to the Committee annually at
     the Committee’s meeting in respect of all whistleblowing cases received during the year under the whistleblowing policy
     and the respective status of handling. For details on the Group’s whistleblowing policy and related matters, please refer to
     the Company’s website under the “Sustainability” column and the separately published Sustainability Report for 2025. The
     Sustainability Report is published on the websites of the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Sustainability Report”
     under “Sustainability”) and the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report
     in compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.

     Six Committee meetings were held during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The work performed by the Committee in
     2025 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

           the Company’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the annual results announcement thereof,
           which were recommended to the Board for approval;

           the Company’s interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the interim results
           announcement thereof, which were recommended to the Board for approval;

           the audit report and management letter submitted by the external auditor;

           the quarterly risk assessment report submitted by the risk management function;

           the internal control supervision and work reports and other relevant inspection report submitted by the Internal Audit
           Department;

           the recommendation of the appointment of external auditor, and the audit fees and non-audit fees payable to external
           auditor for the annual audit, interim review and other non-audit services; and

           CEL’s internal audit plan and key areas of the internal audit work focus for 2026.

     In addition, the Committee also assisted the Board in performing the internal control and risk management function, including:

           to review the systems of financial control, internal control and risk management;

           to discuss the internal control system with the Management to ensure that the Management has performed its duty to
           have an effective internal control system. This discussion should include:

           (a)   to review annually the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget
                 of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function, as well as those relating to CEL’s ESG performance
                 and reporting;




58
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      (b)   to consider major investigation findings on internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own
            initiative and the Management’s response to these findings of CEL;

      (c)   to review financial and accounting policies and practices. Special meetings may be called at the discretion of the
            chairman or the request of senior management to review significant control or financial issues;

      (d)   to review the annual general representation letter from the Management; and

      (e)   to review the effectiveness of internal audit function of the Company and monitor its results.

The Company Secretary will ensure that the Committee is provided with sufficient resources to perform its duties according to
the instruction of the Chairman of the Committee.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently has five members comprising Mr. Lin Chun, the Chairman of the Board and an Executive
Director, and four INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund and Dr. Young
Danqing Xu. Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED, is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is responsible
for assisting the Board in nominating the right candidates for directorship and senior management positions as well as for
evaluating the competence of the candidates to ensure that they are in line with the Company’s overall development directions
and related requirements under the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its supervisory role
over the Company in the following areas, among others:

      to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
      annually, assist the board in maintaining a board skills matrix, and make recommendations on any proposed changes to
      the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

      to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on
      the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

      to assess the independence of INEDs annually;

      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
      Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President;

      to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of the senior management;

      to assess each director’s time commitment and contribution to the Board, as well as the director’s ability to discharge his
      or her responsibilities effectively, taking into account professional qualifications, work experience, number of and time
      commitment required for existing directorships of other listed companies and other significant commitments, and other
      factors including the director’s character, integrity, independence and experience;

      to support the Company’s regular evaluation of the board’s performance;

      to review the “Director Nomination & Succession Policy” and make recommendations of amendments to the Board
      when needed;

      to review the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s Board Diversity Policy, and to advise the Board on the
      Board’s gender diversity policy and objectives;

      to advise the Board on potential director succession planning to achieve gender diversity on the Board; and

      to review the implementation and effectiveness of mechanisms to ensure independent views and input annually.




                                                                                                                                    59
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     For the recruitment of Directors and senior management, the Nomination Committee first takes into account the skills,
     knowledge and experiences of the Board and Board committees, and the business requirements of the Company in order to
     determine the key requirements for the candidates and objective criteria for selection. Such criteria include relevant expertise,
     integrity, industry experiences and independence, etc., taking into account the benefits of diversity, including but not limited to
     gender diversity.

     The provisions set out in the above paragraphs are the key nomination criteria and principles of the Company for nomination
     of directors, and these constitute the “Director Nomination & Succession Policy” of the Company adopted by the Nomination
     Committee for selection and recommendation of candidates for directorship during the year. The Nomination Committee
     monitors and reviews such policy annually.

     The Nomination Committee held three meetings in the year to transact its business for making recommendations to the Board
     on the appointment of Executive Directors and Vice Presidents and INED, reviewing the structure, size and composition (including
     skills, experience and knowledge) of the Board and the Board committees, reviewing the “Board Diversity Policy” and the
     “Director Nomination & Succession Policy”, assessing the independence of the INEDs and making recommendations to the
     Board on the re-election of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company, etc. The attendance rate of the
     Nomination Committee meetings was 100%.


     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee currently has five members comprising Mr. Lin Chun, the Chairman of the Board and an
     Executive Director, and four INEDs, namely Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund and Dr.
     Young Danqing Xu. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Dr. Lin Zhijun, an INED. The Remuneration Committee, as
     delegated by the Board, is responsible for assisting the Board in overseeing the Group’s human resources and remuneration
     policies. The Remuneration Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its supervisory role over the Company in the following
     areas, among others:

           to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior managements
           remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

           to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
           objectives;

           to determine, with delegated responsibility, remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors and senior
           management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable
           for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

           to assess the performance of Executive Directors and to approve the terms of Executive Directors’ services contracts;

           to ensure the fairness and reasonableness of the overall human resources and remuneration policies of the Company;

           to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of Non-executive Directors and INEDs;

           to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
           elsewhere in the Company;

           to review and approve compensation payable to Executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination
           of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

           to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure
           that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;

           to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and

           if the Shareholders approve and adopt the share schemes in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the
           Remuneration Committee, in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules, will be authorised to review and/or
           approve matters relating to the share schemes (if applicable).



60
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




A total of three meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee during the year with an attendance rate of 100%. The
work performed by the Remuneration Committee in 2025 included the review and, where applicable, approval of:

      the payment of discretionary bonus for the relevant staff members (including the senior management); and

      the proposal of remuneration package of newly appointed Executive Director and INED for the year 2025.

Directors’ Remuneration Policy
To ensure that the Directors receive remuneration commensurate with the time and effort they dedicate to the Company,
Directors and senior management’s remuneration should be appropriate and reflect their duty and responsibility to fulfill the
expectations of the Shareholders and meet regulatory requirements. The Board is authorised by a resolution passed at the
annual general meeting each year to fix the remuneration of Directors. The Remuneration Committee, as delegated by the
Board, in proposing the remuneration of Directors, makes reference to companies of comparable business type or scale,
and the nature and quantity of work at both Board and Board committees (including frequency of meetings and nature of
agenda items). The Remuneration Committee also determines the specific remuneration package of Executive Directors
and senior management, including share options and benefits in kind. The Board, based on the recommendations of the
Remuneration Committee, approves the remuneration policy of the Company. Currently the principal components of the
Company’s remuneration package for Executive Directors and senior management include the basic salary, a discretionary
bonus and other benefits in kind. According to the directors’ remuneration policy of the Company, Executive Directors and Non-
executive Directors shall not receive any directors’ emolument and salary for their office of Directors. For the employment
of an Executive Director in any executive position of the Group, such Executive Director is entitled to a basic salary and
allowance and a discretionary bonus, which are determined by the Remuneration Committee with reference to his/her duties
and responsibilities, his/her performance, the performance of the Group and the market conditions. A significant portion of the
Executive Directors’ or senior management’s discretionary bonus is based on the Company’s and the individual’s performance
during the year in order to achieve an appropriate compensation level. INEDs are entitled to a Director’s fee and basic allowance
as well as an allowance for attending each meeting of Board and Board committees, which are determined by the Board with
reference to the market conditions. None of the Directors is entitled to determine his/her own remuneration package. The
Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the annual and long term performance targets for senior management with
reference to corporate goals and objectives approved by the Board from time to time. The Remuneration Committee also
reviews the performance of the senior management against the targets set on an ongoing basis, and reviews and approves the
specific performance-based remuneration of the senior management. The Remuneration Committee seeks professional advice
in appropriate circumstance at the cost of the Company.

The remuneration received by each of the Directors in 2025 is listed in note 8(a) to the financial statements in this Annual
Report. The current Directors’ remuneration approved by the Board as authorised by Shareholders at the general meeting is as
follows:

There is no Director’s fee for Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors. The Director’s fee is HK$200,000 per annum
for each INED who has served for one full year and pro-rated for INED who did not serve for one full year. There is no standard
fee for INEDs for acting as member(s) of the Remuneration Committee, Audit and Risk Management Committee, Nomination
Committee, ESG Committee and Strategy Committee. However, an allowance is to be paid to INEDs for attending the following
meetings:

(a)   HK$12,000 for attending a Board meeting;

(b)   HK$7,000 for attending a meeting of the Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, ESG Committee and
      Strategy Committee; and

(c)   HK$20,000 for the chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee attending its meeting and HK$16,000 for
      other members.

A basic allowance in a total amount of HK$100,000 is to be paid to each INED every year, which will be distributed in two equal
installments by 30 June and 31 December of each year.




                                                                                                                                    61
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
     The remuneration of the members of the senior management (including existing and former Executive Directors) by band for
     the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:


      REMUNERATION BANDS (HK$)                                                                     NUMBER OF PERSONS
      Below HK$500,000                                                                                                            2
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                2
      HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                                3

     Further particulars regarding Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees as required to be disclosed pursuant
     to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in note 8 to the financial statements.


     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
     The ESG Committee was established by the Board in 2021 and aims to integrate ESG principles into business decision-making
     procedures and keep pace with other international enterprises on ESG. The ESG Committee currently has four members
     comprising three Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lin Chun, Mr. Pan Jianyun (replacing Ms. Wang Yun since 27 March 2025)
     and Mr. An Xuesong, and an INED, Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen. Mr. Lin Chun is the chairman of the ESG Committee. The ESG
     Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in and reporting to the Board on the following areas, among others:

           to formulate and review the Group’s ESG vision, strategies, targets, governance structure and policies, and to monitor
           the incorporation of ESG principles into the business decision-making procedures;

           to identify and assess material ESG issues involving the business of the Group and/or other significant stakeholders and
           their priority, and to formulate the policy for communication with stakeholders;

           to review and monitor the implementation of the Group’s ESG policies and measures and the ESG-related risk
           management and internal control system;

           to monitor the Group’s ESG performance and effectiveness; and

           to review the Sustainability reports prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules or other applicable
           laws and regulations, and to make recommendations to the Board for approval and confirming the issuance of ESG
           statements of the Board.

     The ESG Committee held two meetings during the year to review the work plan of the ESG working group and adopt the ESG
     policies, including the “Climate Change Policy”, of the Group, etc. The attendance rate of the ESG Committee meeting was
     80%.


     Strategy Committee
     The Strategy Committee is responsible for studying the long term strategy and planning of the Group and making
     recommendations to the Board for the middle and long term development strategies of the Group. The Strategy Committee
     currently has six members comprising, two Executive Directors, Mr. Lin Chun and Mr. An Xuesong, and four INEDs Mr. Law
     Cheuk Kin Stephen, Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund and Dr. Young Danqing Xu. Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, an
     INED, is the chairman of the Strategy Committee.


     Independent Board Committee
     An Independent Board Committee will be formed from time to time to make recommendation and give advice to the
     independent Shareholders on voting on the Company’s connected transactions and continuing connected transactions or other
     transactions of the Group that require independent Shareholders’ approval at general meetings.




62
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
CEL aims to ensure that the disclosures provide meaningful information and do not give a misleading impression. As part
of the Company’s system of internal control, the Management Decision Committee formed by the Management submits a
“Representation Letter” to the Board, in which they give their confirmation on the competence of the accounting records, the
compliance of financial reporting, the accuracy of the fair value of the investment projects and that the information provided
to the External Auditor and Board members are of full range, complete, correct and without omission, covering financial and
relevant non-financial information. The letter forms the supporting documents for the Board to sign off the Representation
Letter to the External Auditor.


INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has the responsibility of ensuring that the Company maintains sound and effective internal control to safeguard the
Company’s assets. The internal control system is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss; to manage, but not completely eliminate, the risks of system failure; and to assist in achieving the
Company’s objectives. In addition to safeguarding the Company’s assets, it also ensures the maintenance of proper accounting
records and compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

The Company’s risk management and internal control systems include several different functions: business units, operations,
risk management, legal and compliance, institutional sales, brand management, company secretarial, finance and accounting,
human resources, information technology, administration, internal audit, etc., which constitute a comprehensive operating
system for the Company. Riding on the concept of comprehensive risk management and internal control systems, the
Management establishes detailed governing procedures in all levels, which are monitored by qualified professionals with
extensive management experience and continuously updated according to the Company’s latest business development.


The Group’s monitoring structure
In order to fully control the level of risk and to monitor the internal management effectively, the Company integrates the
requirements of risk management and internal control into the corporate management and business processes by setting up
“three lines of defense”:


1st. The risk management performed by frontline departments
      In response to the business conditions and its development, the business units perform systematic analysis, verification,
      management and monitoring on risk factors from different perspectives, such as strategic risk, market risk, financial risk,
      operational risk and ESG risk, etc. The Management sets business goals and the overall risk limits at both the business
      unit level and the Company level. Based on the nature of the business activities, the Management sets up approval,
      verification and monitoring processes to ensure the business development and risk management complement each
      other, and to ensure that the business goals can be achieved by managing risk effectively. By adopting a comprehensive,
      systematic and proactive framework of risk management and internal control, the Company’s business can be developed
      more effectively and efficiently.


2nd. Continuously monitoring by middle and back office
      The middle and back offices, including Finance and Accounting Department, Operations Centre, Risk Management,
      Legal and Compliance Department, Board Office, etc., must set up relevant internal control and management systems to
      monitor the risk exposures, supplement and update the internal control and management procedures based on the latest
      business development and changes of risk. Meanwhile, middle and back offices and business units work independently
      to perform financial, operational and compliance monitoring as well as risk management functions within the Company.




                                                                                                                                    63
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     3rd. The independent review of internal audit
           Internal audit is an independent department carrying out objective review and providing advisory service. It uses
           systematic and standardised approach to evaluate whether the operating activities, risk management and internal control
           are appropriate and effective. The Head of Internal Audit Department reports directly to the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee on its work.

           Based on the risk oriented principle, Internal Audit compiles annual audit plan to make sure that its audit covers all
           business and operation processes and their related risks. In accordance with the annual audit plan approved by the
           Audit and Risk Management Committee, Internal Audit reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
           and internal control systems, and prepares internal control review report quarterly for the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee to review and the relevant management to follow up.

           Based on the results of the relevant internal audit and assessment of internal control, Internal Audit develops,
           implements and updates the internal audit strategy so as to improve the quality of audit.


     The review of risk management and internal control by the Board
     Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department prepares the risk management report on a quarterly basis and submits
     it to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for review. The report outlines the risks faced by CEL, changes in business
     activities, compliance issues and recommendations. In addition, the Board reviews the effectiveness of CEL’s risk management
     and internal control systems with the assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, which covers all material
     control including financial, operational and compliance controls and the risk management (included but not limited to the risk in
     relation to ESG) system. The results of the annual review of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
     control systems were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee by Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
     Department and Internal Audit Department. The Board acknowledged that the risk management and internal control systems of
     the Company during the review period were appropriate and effective.

     The Board acknowledges that it has the ultimate responsibility to ensure that there are sound and effective risk management
     and internal control systems. The Board delegates the Audit and Risk Management Committee with the responsibility
     of reviewing the adequacy of the resources (internal and external) for designing, implementing and monitoring the risk
     management and internal control systems, including staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the
     issuer’s accounting, internal audit, and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the issuer’s ESG performance
     and reporting, with the assistance of the Management, Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and Internal
     Audit Department. The results of the annual review were reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.

     The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Board consider that the material aspects of the Company’s risk
     management and internal control systems are reasonably implemented and are able to prevent significant misstatements or
     losses, whilst safeguarding the Group’s assets, maintaining appropriate accounting records and complying with applicable laws
     and regulations. Such internal control system has basically fulfilled the requirements of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1
     of the Listing Rules regarding risk management and internal control systems in general.

     In addition, CEL has established and implemented the following internal control system:

           The Management established an organisational structure with different hierarchies of duties, authorities and
           responsibilities of personnel; formulated written policies and procedures to provide checks and balances for the
           authorities of different departments; reasonably safeguarded the assets and the implementation of the internal control
           measures of the Company; and operated in compliance with laws and regulations under effective risk control.

           The Management formulated and continually monitored the implementation of the Company’s development strategies,
           business plans and financial budgets. The accounting and management systems were also in place to provide the basis
           for evaluating the financial and operational performance.




64
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      The Company formulated various risk management and human resource management policies. Specific units and
      personnel were responsible for identifying, assessing and managing each of the major risks types. These include
      reputation, strategic, legal, compliance, credit, market, operation, liquidity and interest rate risk.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance is responsible for the routine risk
      management work of the Company and for supporting and assisting the Management in defining and evaluating the risk
      exposures of the Company’s businesses and conducting the co-ordination thereof. He assesses, identifies and records
      the risk structure of the Company and ensures the relevant business units are aware of such issues. He regularly reports
      to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management Decision Committee. The Risk Management, Legal
      and Compliance Department assists him in carrying out his duties.

      The Audit and Risk Management Committee reviews the letter of recommendation submitted by the External Auditor to
      the Management in connection with the annual audit.

      The Company established ESG governing structure and ESG management system. At the beginning of each year, the
      ESG Working Group breaks down key tasks based on the ESG strategic direction and priority work plans determined
      by the ESG Committee and Management. It identifies leads and responsible personnel for relevant tasks, drives the
      implementation of these tasks, and regularly reports progress to the Board of Directors and the Management.


Anti-corruption
The Group has established policies and systems that promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations. For details
on the Group’s anti-corruption policy and related matters, please refer to the Company’s website under the “Sustainability”
column and the separately published Sustainability Report for 2025. The Sustainability Report is published on the websites of
the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Sustainability Report” under “Sustainability”) and the Stock Exchange at
www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide as
set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


RISK MANAGEMENT
With assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the
nature and extent of the risks that it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives. With assistance of the
Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and the Management, the Audit and Risk Management Committee is
responsible for ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal
control systems. The Management’s written confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
system’s structure, their implementation and monitoring to the Board has been set out in the Risk Management Report on
pages 71 to 79 in this Annual Report.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own “Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant Employees” (the “Code”) on
terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules to govern the securities transactions of the Directors
and relevant employees of the Company. Following a specific enquiry made by the Company, all Directors confirmed that
they have complied with the required standard set out in both the Code and the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
December 2025.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There is no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year.




                                                                                                                                    65
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     EXTERNAL AUDITOR
     Pursuant to the responsibility delegated by the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee had reviewed and monitored
     the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of KPMG, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong (“KPMG”), the Group’s
     External Auditor, on their audit procedures, and the results were satisfactory. Upon the recommendation of the Audit and Risk
     Management Committee, the Board had proposed that KPMG be re-appointed as auditor of the Group. Subject to the approval
     by the Shareholders at the Company’s 2026 annual general meeting, KPMG will be re-appointed as auditor of the Group and the
     Board will be authorised to fix the auditor’s remuneration.

     For 2025, KPMG charged total fees of HK$12,370,000 for audit services, HK$2,612,000 for non-audit services (including
     HK$1,700,000 for the review of the interim financial statements and HK$912,000 for tax and other services). For 2024, KPMG
     charged total fees of HK$11,960,000 for audit services, HK$2,212,000 for non-audit services (including HK$1,700,000 for the
     review of interim financial statements and HK$512,000 for tax and other services).


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The following statement should be read in conjunction with the auditor’s statement of its responsibilities as set out in
     the Independent Auditor’s Report contained in the 2025 Annual Report of the Company. The statement sets out for the
     Shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and the auditors in relation to the financial statements.

     The Directors are required by the Companies Ordinance to prepare financial statements which give a true and fair view of the
     state of affairs of the Company. The financial statements should be prepared on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate
     to do so. The Directors have the responsibility of ensuring that the Company keeps accounting records which disclose with
     reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Company and which enable them to ensure that the financial statements
     comply with the requirements of the Companies Ordinance. The Directors also have general responsibilities for taking such
     steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
     irregularities.

     The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements in the 2025 Annual Report, the Company has adopted
     appropriate accounting policies which have been consistently applied with the support of reasonable and prudent judgments
     and estimates, and that all accounting standards which they consider to be applicable have been followed. Directors ensure
     that the financial statements are prepared so as to give a true and fair view of the financial status, results and cash flow status
     of the reporting period.


     EFFECTIVE DISCLOSURE MECHANISM AND HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION
     The Board reviews and monitors from time to time the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure process for reports,
     announcements and inside information. It encourages and takes necessary steps to disclose information in a timely manner
     and to ensure the information concerning the Company is expressed and communicated in a clear and objective manner that
     enables the Shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the Company to make informed investment decisions.

     The Company’s “Inside Information Policy” maintains procedures and internal control for the handling and dissemination of
     its inside information. The Board is aware of its obligations under the Listing Rules. The overriding principle is that information
     which is expected to be inside information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The Company
     has stated in its “Inside Information Policy” that it has a strict prohibition on the unauthorised use of confidential or inside
     information and has established and implemented procedures for responding to external enquiries about the Company’s affairs.




66
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
General Meetings
The Board attaches a high degree of importance to non-interrupted communications with Shareholders, especially direct
dialogue with them at the Company’s annual general meetings. General meetings are the primary platform for communication
with Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to actively participate in such meetings so appropriate arrangements will be
made. Shareholders who are unable to attend the general meetings may also appoint proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.

Directors, including the Chairman of the Board and of each of board committees or his representative and INEDs, and
representatives of external auditor, will be present at the Company’s annual general meeting to address to questions and
comments raise by Shareholders. Shareholders can express their concerns to the INEDs.

In addition, the Company also provide further information on the annual general meetings in a circular to Shareholders, together
with the notice of the meetings and the latest annual report, will be sent not less than 21 clear days. This includes background
information to the proposed resolutions and information on the retirement and re-election of Directors in order to enable all
Shareholders to understand their rights at and the agenda of the annual general meeting and to make voting decisions with
sufficient information. The Company may also convene other extraordinary general meetings in accordance with applicable
regulations and rules. A circular to the Shareholders together with the notice of the extraordinary general meetings will be sent
at least 14 clear days before such meetings.

The poll results of the general meetings will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange and the website of the
Company as soon as possible on the day of such meetings.

Through the Company Secretary, the Chairman ensures that appropriate steps are taken to provide effective communication
with Shareholders and that their views are communicated to the Board as a whole.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy
The Company always advocates that all Shareholders shall be provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
easy-to-understand information about the Company (including its financial summary, business introduction, corporate profile,
introduction of corporate governance, business and contact information of investor relations), which allow the Shareholders to
exercise their rights in an informed manner, and also improve communications between the Shareholders, potential investors
and other stakeholders with the Company.

The Company has adopted a formal “Shareholders’ Communication Policy” which is posted on the Company’s website under
“Investor Relations” column. The Company believes that communicating with the Shareholders and investors by electronic
means (in particular through the Company’s website (www.everbright.com)) is an efficient way of delivering information in a
timely and convenient manner. The “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website. Important and relevant
information about the Company is published on the Company’s website and updated from time to time to ensure that the
Shareholders receive relevant information in an effective and timely manner. All regulatory disclosures/related information
will be published by the Company on the Stock Exchange in accordance with applicable regulations and rules and will be also
posted on the Company’s website immediately thereafter. Regularly published information includes but not limited to financial
statements (annual report and interim report), result announcements, circulars, notices of general meetings, announcements
and monthly returns on movements in securities, etc. The briefing materials provided in the annual general meeting and the
result announcement of the Company are posted on the website of the Company as soon as possible once the materials
are published. The contents published by the Company regarding all press releases, corporate profiles, corporate structure,
biographical information of the Directors and the Senior Management, service philosophy and corporate social responsibility
are posted on the website of the Company. Corporate communications are provided to the Shareholders and the public in plain
language and in both English and Chinese versions to facilitate understanding of the Shareholders and other stakeholders of the
Group. Web-casting services are provided on the meetings announcing the interim and final results of the Company.




                                                                                                                                    67
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




     To support environmental protection, the Company actively encourages the Shareholders to read the Company’s communication
     documents through the Company’s website. The Company believes that this is also the most convenient and fastest way to
     communicate with the Shareholders. When the Company’s corporate communication documents are posted, Shareholders who
     have chosen to receive electronic communications will be notified of the publication of such documents. Shareholders listed
     in the Company’s register of members who indicate their mailing preference will receive corporate communication documents
     sent by the Company by post. Shareholders may change the method of receiving corporate communications, including the
     choice of language and means of receiving corporate communications, at any time by notifying the Company’s Share Registrar.

     Physical or online investor briefings and one-on-one meetings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media
     interviews, marketing activities for investors and specialist industry forums are available on a regular basis in order to facilitate
     communications between the Company and the Shareholders and other stakeholders.

     The general meeting is the principal opportunity and ideal venue for Shareholders to exchange views on the Company’s
     business with the Directors and the Management. The Board therefore encourages Shareholders to attend the annual general
     meeting, exercise their right to speak and vote, and give valuable advice on the Company’s operational and governance matters.
     A Q&A session is held at each general meeting to give opportunities to Shareholders to raise questions and share their views
     in relation to the Group’s affairs. Directors (including the Chairman of the Board, the INEDs and the chairman of the Board
     committees, or their duly appointed delegates) and the Management should be available at general meetings to respond to the
     Shareholders’ questions and comments. The Company also ensures that the representative of the External Auditor attend the
     Company’s annual general meetings to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the
     auditors’ report, the accounting policies and auditor independence, etc.

     The Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor
     Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with contact number of (+852) 2980 1333.
     The Company shall ensure effective and timely dissemination of information to the Shareholders and the public at all times.
     The Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group may direct their questions to the Corporate
     Communications Team by email to ir@everbright.com or by phone at (+852) 2528 9882.

     Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy” of the Company, the
     Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has provided effective channels for Shareholders,
     potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has
     complied with the principles and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the year.


     Dividend Policy
     The Board has adopted a “Dividend Policy” for the Company. In principle, the policy allows the Shareholders to share the
     profits of the Company to obtain reasonable, stable and sustainable dividend returns whilst retaining an adequate cash level
     to meet general working capital and future development requirements. Based on the above principle, the Company intends to
     distribute an appropriate amount of annual dividends, part of which may be declared in the form of an interim dividend, subject
     to the Articles, the Companies Ordinance and other applicable laws and regulations and taking into account any factor that the
     Board considers relevant. The dividend policy of the Company is subject to periodic review by the Board. The dividend policy
     does not form any commitment on distribution of dividends to the Shareholders and there is no assurance that dividends will be
     paid in any particular amount for any given period.




68
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Shareholders’ Rights
The Board respects the Shareholders’ rights set out in the Articles and relevant applicable laws and regulations. The
Board attaches great importance to maintaining effective communication with shareholders. It also makes every effort to
keep Shareholders informed of the Company’s business and affairs through various channels and direct dialogue with the
Shareholders.

Shareholders are entitled to convene an extraordinary general meeting, make any proposals at Shareholders’ meetings and
propose a person for election as a Director. Please see the detailed procedure as follows:


     the way in which Shareholders can convene a general meeting:

     Shareholder(s) representing at least 5 per cent of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at
     general meetings can make a request to call a general meeting pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance.

     The request –

     (a)   must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

     (b)   may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting;

     (c)   may consist of several documents in like form;

     (d)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the Company Secretary at the Company’s registered office
           (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) or by way of email to ir@everbright.com; and

     (e)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.

     Pursuant to Section 567 of the Companies Ordinance, Directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date
     on which they become subject to the requirement and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28
     days after the date of the notice convening the meeting. If the Directors do not do so, the Shareholders who requested
     the meeting, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves
     convene a general meeting pursuant to Section 568 of the Companies Ordinance, but the meeting must be called for a
     date not more than 3 months after the date on which the Directors become subject to the requirement to call a general
     meeting. The Company will reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the Shareholders requesting the meeting by
     reason of the failure of the Directors duly to call a general meeting.


     the procedures for making proposals at Shareholders’ meetings:

     The following Shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to the meeting) for
     consideration at a general meeting of the Company:

     (a)   Shareholders representing not less than 2.5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders who have a right to vote
           on the resolution at the general meeting to which the requests relate; or

     (b)   not fewer than 50 Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting to which the
           requests relate.

     The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the Shareholders concerned, together with a statement of not
     more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal, must be deposited at the registered office
     of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong) not less than six weeks before the
     general meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the Shareholders
     concerned will be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in accordance with the requirements
     under Sections 615 and 616 of the Companies Ordinance once valid documents are received.


                                                                                                                                  69
     Corporate Governance Report | Continued




           the procedure for Director’s nomination and election by Shareholders:

           If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at a general meeting,
           the Shareholder should lodge at the registered office of the Company (46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
           Road, Hong Kong) by reference to the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director”
           posted on the website of the Company, (a) a notice signed by such Shareholder (other than the proposed person) duly
           qualified to attend and vote at the meeting of his/her intention to propose such person for election; and (b) a notice
           signed by the proposed person indicating his/her willingness to be elected. The period during which the aforesaid
           notices may be given will be at least seven days. Such period will commence on the day after the despatch of the notice
           of the general meeting for which such notices are given and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such
           general meeting. The Company will take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements in accordance with the
           requirements under Article 122 of the Articles once valid notices are received, and the Shareholder concerned will be
           responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto.


           Shareholders’ enquiry and contact:

           Shareholders are welcome to send any written enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary either
           by post to the registered office of the Company at 46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
           or by way of email to ir@everbright.com. The Company Secretary will direct enquiries received to appropriate Board
           member(s) or the chairman of the Board Committee(s) who is in charge of the areas of concern referred therein for
           further handling. The Board, assisted by the Company Secretary, would make its best efforts to ensure that all such
           enquiries are addressed in a timely manner.


     SUSTAINABLE CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
     The Company attaches great importance to corporate social responsibility. The Board is committed to undertaking corporate
     social responsibility by strengthening relationship with its stakeholders with a view to contributing to the sustainable
     development of the economy, society and environment. The Company consistently supports and participates in activities that
     are beneficial to the community. A separate Sustainability Report for 2025 is published on the websites of the Company at
     www.everbright.com (by clicking “Sustainability Report” under “Sustainability”) and the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk
     at the same time as the publication of this Annual Report in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Wan Kim Ying Kasina, the Company Secretary of the Company, is a full time employee of the Company who is familiar
     with the daily operation of the Company. She is a Fellow of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
     Governance Institute of the United Kingdom, thereby possessing the relevant professional qualifications as stipulated by the
     Listing Rules. In addition, she holds a Master of Business Administration degree of Murdoch University, Western Australia
     and a Master of Corporate Governance degree of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, and also has more than 15 years of
     practical experience in corporate governance and company secretarial practices in listed companies. The Company Secretary
     is responsible for advising the Board on all corporate governance matters. The Directors have access to the services provided
     by the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary confirmed that during the year, she has taken no less than 15 hours of
     relevant professional training.

     The Articles states that the appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for the Board. According to code
     provisions C.6.2 of the CG Code, changes and appointment of Company Secretary are dealt with by a physical Board meeting
     rather than a written resolution.

     The Company Secretary plays an important role in supporting the Board and Board Committees by ensuring good information
     flow within the Board and that Board policy and procedures are followed. All Directors have access to the advice and services
     of the Company Secretary to ensure that Board procedures, and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, are followed. The
     Company Secretary also plays an essential role in the relationship between the Company and Shareholders, including by
     assisting the Board in the discharge of its obligations to Shareholders pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company Secretary
     also ensures that the Board and Board committee members are provided with sufficient resources and have access to all
     employees, Directors, agents or consultants for information, and are able to obtain independent professional opinions at the
     cost of the Company to discharge their duties properly.

70
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT


THE SCOPE OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between taking risk and generating returns for shareholders and is
accountable for the Group’s ongoing monitoring of risk and of the internal controls. It considers the most significant risks facing
the Group and the relevant risk management.

INEDs’ overseeing of the risk management process is exercised through the Audit and Risk Management Committee with
respect to standards of integrity, financial reporting, risk management and internal controls.

The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, who reports directly to the Audit
and Risk Management Committee, has responsibility for the risk and control framework of the Group and the independent
monitoring and reporting of risk reporting and controls.


Risk Management Framework:
The Group’s risk management framework is designed to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic objectives. The key
principles that underpin risk management in the Company are:

      the Board and the Management Decision Committee promote a culture in which risks are identified, assessed and
      reported in an open, transparent and objective manner; and

      the over-riding priority is to protect the Group’s long-term viability and reputation and produce sustainable, medium to
      long-term returns.

Risk management is embedded within all areas of the business. The Group expects individual behaviours to mirror the culture
and core values of the Company. All employees undertake the responsibility of upholding the Company’s risk and control
culture and supporting effective risk management to enable the Company to deliver its strategy.


Internal Control Framework:
The Group operates a “three lines of defence” framework for identifying, preventing and controlling risks.

The first line of defence against undesirable outcomes is the business unit and the respective line managers. Department
heads of their own business areas take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate controls.

Line management is supplemented by overseeing unit, such as Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, Operations, Finance
and Accounting, Company Secretarial, which constitute the second line of defence.

Internal Audit can provide retrospective, independent auditing over the operation of controls and is the third line of defence.
The internal audit duty includes reviews of risk management and internal control processes and provides recommendations to
improve the control environment.


RISK & INTERNAL CONTROL REVIEW
Risk events are captured by the business will assess and report through a workflow by the second and third lines of defence,
with continuous follow-up on subsequent improvements. When control failings and inefficient processes are identified, the
second and third line of defence teams also conduct deep dive analyses and reviews to identify potential risks and make or
supervise remediations.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee holds a regular meeting quarterly for assessing internal control of the Group and
the effectiveness of risk management.




                                                                                                                                      71
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance, supported by Risk Management, Legal
     and Compliance Department and other internal control relevant departments mentioned above, identifies Company’s risk and
     internal control profile, continuously supervises and promotes enhancements and improvements to the mechanisms of the
     risk control system, and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the major risks and internal control profile
     of the Company on a quarterly basis. Committee members contribute views and raise questions at its meeting to ensure risk
     management and internal controls are effective and in place. For further details, please refer to the relevant contents of the
     Corporate Governance Report.


     EFFECTIVENESS OF FINANCIAL REPORTING & LISTING RULES COMPLIANCE
     With support and input from the External Auditor, the Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered, challenged
     and reviewed financial reporting of the Group, assessed whether suitable accounting policies have been adopted, whether
     management have been made appropriate estimates and judgments and whether disclosures in published financial statements
     are fair, balanced and understandable.

     The compliance of regulatory requirements (including Listing Rules) is supported by Risk Management, Legal and
     Compliance Department and Board Office. The Audit and Risk Management Committee has considered and assessed
     the relevant regulatory compliance through the compliance review section in the quarterly risk and internal control review
     report. The compliance review has summarised the status of regulatory and compliance matters, corrective actions and the
     recommendation to the Committee for the enhancements of the relevant compliance matters.

     In regard to the above, the Audit and Risk Management Committee considers the Group’s processes for financial reporting and
     Listing Rules’ compliance are effective.


     PROCESS OF ASSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT RISKS
     The Group re-examines its risk appetite annually taking into consideration factors such as strategy and financial goals, and
     adjusts and revises the nature and degree of various risks willing to assume in order to achieve business development
     strategies and goals, and implements them after evaluation and approval by the Board. The Risk Management, Legal and
     Compliance Department implements relevant risk monitoring mechanisms to monitor market, operational, legal and compliance
     risks on a daily basis, and uses scientific and professional skills to examine whether the overall operation of the Company
     meets the standards set by its risk appetite.

     Specifically, risk identification and assessment are conducted using both a top down approach and a bottom up approach to
     ensure a thorough risk assessment at the macro and micro levels. The top down approach mainly considers the objective
     external factors and the strategic planning of the Company to identify and assess the risks having the most significant
     impact to the Group resulting from the relevant factors. The bottom up approach ensures that the Company can carry out a
     comprehensive examination of internal risks, conduct data analysis to verify key trends, identify and set priorities for key risks,
     and provide management with opinions and recommendations on matters that could impact operational development and
     business results.

     The Group uses the above methods to identify significant risks, evaluates the likelihood and impact of each significant risk,
     with reference to associated measures and performance of key indicators, and uses qualitative and quantitative approaches to
     describe and report on such risks. Meanwhile, the Group will assess the adequacy of its risk mitigation measures, and review
     and formulate additional measures if necessary. The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
     Compliance oversees the overall risk management and reports to the Audit and Risk Management Committee on a quarterly
     basis.




72
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




MAIN FEATURES OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Terms of Reference
The Board operates within clearly defined terms of reference, and it reserves certain matters for its own consideration and
decision. It has established appropriate committees, such as the Executive Board Committee, the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
and the Strategy Committee, to oversee risk and control activities.

These committees also have clearly defined terms of reference. The Board and committee processes are fundamental to the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


Risk Management & Internal Control
The Group maintains a comprehensive risk management and internal control framework and has clearly defined procedures for
identifying and handling risks and internal control concerns throughout the organisation, including the process used to identify,
evaluate and manage significant risks, and the procedures for the timely, accurate and complete disclosure of discloseable
information. This framework helps the Group to safeguard client assets, protect the interests of all stakeholders and meet the
Group’s responsibilities as a Hong Kong listed company and parent of a number of regulated entities.

The risk management and internal control framework also forms the basis upon which the Board reaches its conclusions on the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control.


BOARD RESPONSIBILITY ON RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s system of internal control framework, the ongoing monitoring of risk
management and internal control and reviewing their effectiveness periodically.

The system of control is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Group’s business objectives
and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


PROCESS OF REVIEWING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT & INTERNAL CONTROL
On behalf of the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) carried out the annual assessment of
the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control during 2025, which has covered all material controls, including
financial, operational and compliance controls . In addition, the Committee considered the adequacy of the Group’s risk
management arrangements in the context of the Group’s business and strategy.

In carrying out its assessment, the Committee considered reports from the Vice President in charge of Finance, the Internal
Audit Department and also from the External Auditor which enabled an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
management and internal control, and no significant failings or weaknesses were identified.

The Committee keeps reviewing the Group’s risk management arrangements and internal control through quarterly reports.

The risk and internal control review report sets out changes in the level or nature of the risks faced by the Group, developments
in risk management and operational events, including significant errors and omissions (if any). The report also outlines key
compliance issues and recommendations for the enhancement of regulatory risk mitigation. This independent report allowed
the Committee to consider the key risks and internal control matters faced by the Group and assessments of risk tolerance.
Key topics discussed by the Committee included operational, investment, surveillance & control, legal, counterparty credit,
acquisition integration, technology and financial risks, contingent liabilities and internal control.




                                                                                                                                    73
     Risk Management Report | Continued




     Internal Audit Department reviews progress against a rolling plan of internal audits approved by the Committee, and reports
     significant findings from audits and their subsequent remediation, and provides recommendations to improve the control
     environment to the Committee on a quarterly basis.


     REVIEW OF KEY RISKS
     The following table summarises the key risks and uncertainties that are inherent within both the Group’s business model and
     the market in which the Group operates along with the sophisticated level of controls and processes through which the Group
     aims to mitigate them. The risk factors mentioned below do not purport to be exhaustive as there may be additional risks that
     the Group has not yet identified or has deemed to be immaterial and not having a material adverse effect on the business.

      KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2025                    MITIGATING FACTORS
                                                              FINANCIAL
      Liquidity Risk
         Risk of failing to meet the            The Group has continued to        The Group forecasts the firm-wide cash flows,
         Group’s contractual or payment         hold sufficient bank credit       return and profitability at least annually. After
         obligations in a timely manner.        facilities and can use these      consideration from the perspective on financial
                                                facilities appropriately to       control and risk management, the Management
         Key risk that arises from high         maintain liquidity, based on      advises the Board regarding the optimised
         financial leverage occurs when a       fund utilisation and cash         financial leverage ratio and relevant limits for
         company’s return on asset does         inflow conditions.                approval.
         not exceed the interest on the
         loan, which greatly diminishes a       The Group monitors and            The approved financial leverage ratio and
         company’s return on equity and         controls liquidity risk           relevant limits are closely monitored by Finance
         profitability.                         through methods such              Department and Risk Management,Legal and
                                                as financial budgets and          Compliance Department regularly.
         Additionally, high financial           stress tests. Due to factors
         leverage may raise the risk            such as changes in equity,        Finance department closely monitors the
         of failing to fulfil the relevant      the Group leverage has            Group’s cash position, available facilities and
         requirements from loan                 seen slight rise, but overall     performs cash flow forecasting under the
         covenants (if any) and result in       liquidity situation is well-      overseeing of Risk Management, Legal and
         technical default.                     maintained.                       Compliance Department.

                                                                                  The Group regularly performs long term
                                                                                  forecasts and uses stress tests to assess future
                                                                                  liquidity and short term forecasts to closely
                                                                                  monitor any change of liquidity need, and
                                                                                  formulates corresponding plans to ensure the
                                                                                  capability of the Group regarding long and short
                                                                                  term liquidity.

                                                                                  The Group has further enhanced its cash
                                                                                  reserves by stepping up efforts to exit existing
                                                                                  projects and conducting prudent evaluation on
                                                                                  new investment projects.




      Key:     Risk level increased                Risk level decreased                    No significant change in risk level



74
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2025                   MITIGATING FACTORS
Exchange Rate Risk
   Risk that the Group’s financial        The impact of the                 Monitor asset exposures by currency and the
   position is exposed to adverse         fluctuations in the exchange      foreign currency rate movement regularly.
   movements in exchange rates.           rate of RMB against Hong
                                          Kong dollars on the Group’s       Improve currency matching between asset and
                                          financial position has            liability, reducing currency mismatch risk.
                                          been reduced. The Group
                                          controls exchange rate            Perform stress test and sensitivity analysis on
                                          risk through the counter          the effect of change in foreign currency rates.
                                          balancing method to reduce
                                          the impact of exchange
                                          rate fluctuations on the
                                          Company.
Interest Rate Risk
   Change of the interest rate            There has been an overall         Monitoring on interest rate mismatch and
   will have negative impact on           decrease in borrowing             sensitivity test are performed regularly.
   the Group and its relevant             costs due to decreasing
   portfolios if there is an interest     USD/HKD interest rates.           The Group has managed to decrease overall
   rate mismatch of the assets and                                          loan borrowing cost by adjusting the whole loan
   liabilities.                           As Panda bonds accounted          structure by monitoring interest rate trends of
                                          for a considerable portion        USD/HKD and RMB.
                                          in the Company’s debt
                                          structure, the impact of          The interest rate risk of the Group is expected
                                          changes in USD/HKD                to decline further as more cut(s) in interest rate
                                          interest rates on borrowing       on USD is expected.
                                          costs is under control.
                                                       INVESTMENT
Market Risk
   Risk arises from market                Affected by various factors       Analysing and estimating market risks on a
   movements, which can cause             such as the macroeconomic         forward-looking basis.
   a fall in the value of investment      landscape, geopolitical
   assets.                                conflicts and fluctuations        Limits on the aggregate amount of seed
                                          in the capital market, the        capital investment and enhance investment
                                          value of the Group’s assets       diversification.
                                          invested is subject to short-
                                          term volatility.                  The Group actively develops fee-based business
                                                                            so that our return and profitability will be more
                                                                            stable. The Group continues to strengthen
                                                                            capital market research and judgement and
                                                                            tracking of corporate operating conditions, and
                                                                            strengthens risk control effectively through
                                                                            various means such as monitoring of market
                                                                            value.




Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                     No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                                 75
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                               CHANGES IN 2025                    MITIGATING FACTORS
      Credit Risk
         Risk exposed to credit losses if      Under a more prudent             The Group seeks to minimize our credit risk from
         borrowers are unable to repay         set of assumptions, the          its lending by:
         loans and outstanding interest        Group’s provision on loan in
         and fees.                             2025 has increased further,         Mainly lending on a secured basis with
                                               but the overall credit risk is      significant emphasis placed on quality control of
         In addition, the Group has            within manageable level.            the underlying security.
         exposure to counterparties
         with which it places deposits or      The Group’s counterparty            Manage to maintain consistent and conservative
         trades, and derivative contracts.     risks are generally                 loan to value ratios and short-term tenor.
                                               manageable.
                                                                                   Operating strong control and governance both
                                                                                   within business units and with overseeing
                                                                                   by Risk Management,Legal and Compliance
                                                                                   Department.

                                                                                   Enhance credit management, expedite the
                                                                                   collection of loan assets, and exercise caution in
                                                                                   extending new loans

                                                                                The Group’s exposures to counterparties are
                                                                                mitigated by:

                                                                                   Establish Counterparty Whitelist.

                                                                                   Seek to diversify our exposures across different
                                                                                   counterparties.

                                                                                   Continuous monitoring of credit quality of our
                                                                                   counterparties.
      Operational Risk
         Risk of losses through                The Group’s Operations              The Group’s control systems are designed to
         inadequate or failed internal         Centre set up in 2015               ensure operational risks are mitigated to an
         processes, people or systems or       has expanded rapidly and            acceptable level.
         through external events.              the identification, control
                                               and management on                   Three lines of defence model mentioned above
                                               operational risks enhanced          is the key point.
                                               continuously.
                                                                                   Risk and control assessments are used to
                                               The Group continuously              identify and assess key operational risks.
                                               boosts employees’                   Associated controls are assessed with regard to
                                               awareness of operational            their design and performance. Where required,
                                               risk and strengthens                processes and controls are enhanced/optimized
                                               system implementation               to improve the supervision and control.
                                               through various educational
                                               interactions such as training       The Group manages risk events through
                                               on systems and case                 identification, evaluation, reporting, risk
                                               sharing.                            mitigating resolution and continuous monitoring
                                                                                   with the aim of preventing major operational
                                                                                   risk.

                                                                                   Relevant trading/settlement/investment
                                                                                   operation management systems/information
                                                                                   management systems are implemented, and
                                                                                   automation procedures are enhanced and
                                                                                   strengthened continuously to mitigate relevant
                                                                                   operational risks.

      Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                      No significant change in risk level



76
                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2025                MITIGATING FACTORS
Legal and Regulatory Risk
   Changes to the existing legal,         The Group has continued        Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
   regulatory and tax environments        to improve its legal risk      Department tracks developments of regulatory
   and failure to comply with             prevention and control         matters to offer professional advice to the
   existing requirements may              system, continuously           Group on the related changes in relevant laws
   materially impact the Group.           enhanced the compliance        and regulations, and to advise on developing
                                          review process, and            policies, delivering training and performing
   Failing to treat customers             comprehensively prevented      monitoring checks and to provide advice to
   fairly, safeguard client assets        and controlled legal           other departments to ensure compliance with
   or provide advice/products that        compliance risk.               regulatory compliance requirements.
   contrary to clients’ best interest
   may damage the Group’s                                                To advise on the approval, monitoring and
   reputation and may lead to legal                                      review of existing and new funds/products/
   or regulatory consequences                                            investments.
   including litigation, regulatory
   condemnation and customer                                             Training for relevant staff regarding the
   redress. This applies to current,                                     regulatory compliance requirements.
   past and future business.
                                                                         Continuous monitoring of key regulatory
                                                                         compliance requirements.
Information Technology Risk
   Risk of failure to keep up with        The Group has continuously     The Group continues to invest in its IT
   changing client expectations or        invested in and upgraded       infrastructure, data management system,
   manage upgrades to existing            its information technology     reporting system and other software/systems.
   technology may impact the              infrastructure and
   Group’s performance.                   systems. This includes the     The Group has sound governance in place to
                                          procurement of AI large-       oversee our major IT projects.
                                          model integrated machines,
                                          domestic databases, as         The Group has in place business continuity and
                                          well as iterative upgrades     disaster recovery plans.
                                          to PE system, expense
                                          control system, and OA
                                          system.

                                          The Group has revised and
                                          updated multiple internal
                                          regulations related to
                                          information technology.

                                          The Group has enhanced
                                          and updated its business
                                          continuity and disaster
                                          recovery plans, and
                                          conducted disaster
                                          recovery drills for some
                                          critical systems.




Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                  No significant change in risk level



                                                                                                                          77
     Risk Management Report | Continued




      KEY RISK                                CHANGES IN 2025                 MITIGATING FACTORS
      Loss of Key Personnel Risk
         Risk of failure to recruit or          The Group has continued to      The Group seeks to develop, attract, motivate
         retain appropriately skilled and       employ professionals in the     and retain staff through comprehensive human
         experienced staff may have             field of asset management       resource policies.
         a material adverse effect on           to carry out investment and
         the Group’s operations and             risk management.                Comprehensive, systematic and highly
         implementation of its strategy.                                        transparent evaluation policies are used to
                                                                                evaluate staff performance.

                                                                                Maintains loyalty through appropriate
                                                                                remuneration and benefit packages.

                                                                                Contracts for relevant roles have restrictive
                                                                                covenants and enhanced notice periods are in
                                                                                place for key staff.

                                                                                Comprehensive training is offered to all staff to
                                                                                promote individual and team development.

                                                                                In order to avoid reliance on any one individual
                                                                                staff, teams are required to ensure each
                                                                                individual has another staff as alternative
                                                                                backup.

                                                                                We have set up promotion policy so that
                                                                                employees have clear career path to pursue
                                                                                and are motivated to stay for long term
                                                                                development.
                                                           REPUTATIONAL
      Reputational Risk
         Risk that negative publicity           Adhering to the principle       High standards of conduct and a principled
         regarding the Group will lead to       of active prudence, the         approach to regulatory compliance are integral
         client redemptions and a decline       Group has strengthened          to the Group’s corporate culture and values.
         in AUM and revenue.                    monitoring of public            The Group considers reputational risks as a key
                                                opinions and maintained         factor when initiating changes in strategy or
         The risk of damage to the              a stable environment in         operating model.
         Group’s reputation is likely to be     terms of public opinions.
         caused by other key risks, rather                                      Maintain effective monitoring and guidance of
         than a standalone risk.                                                public opinion, while enhancing the management
                                                                                and oversight of the Company’s brand usage.

                                                                                Reputational risk is primarily mitigated through
                                                                                the effective mitigation of the other key risks.

                                                                                The Group’s risk appetite, risk and compliance
                                                                                policies, governance structures and reward
                                                                                mechanism include significant focus on issues
                                                                                and behaviors that could positively affect the
                                                                                Group’s reputation.




      Key:     Risk level increased               Risk level decreased                   No significant change in risk level



78
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




ESG RISK MANAGEMENT
ESG risks refer to the risks to which an enterprise is exposed in environmental, social and governance terms, which may have
an adverse impact on the Group’s mid- and long-term financial position and enterprise value. The ESG risk control structure
adopted by the Group is as follows:

      The Group’s risk management work is mainly led by the Vice President in charge of Risk Management, Legal and
      Compliance, and monitored by the Audit and Risk Management Committee. ESG risks are managed by the ESG
      Committee under, and overseen by, the Board.

      The ESG Committee, under the authorization of the Board, is responsible for formulating the Group’s ESG responsibilities,
      policies, strategies and objectives, supervising the performance and effectiveness of the implementation of ESG-related
      responsibilities, and regularly reporting to the Board on relevant matters.

      The ESG Task Force under the ESG Committee is responsible for the implementation of the responsibilities, policies and
      resolutions formulated by the ESG Committee, reporting the work results to the ESG Committee, and proposing work
      adjustments and improvements.

      Investment teams implement the Group’s ESG policies in daily activities of investment and management.

During the reporting period, the Group effectively managed ESG risks through continuous implementation of policies and
measures related to ESG risk management. In 2025, there were no significant ESG risk events impacting the Group.




                                                                                                                                  79
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The board of directors (the “Director(s)”) (the “Board”) of China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents to
     shareholders the Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
     the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Group is principally engaged in investment holdings and the provision of financial services. The principal activities of the
     subsidiaries are set out in note 15 to the financial statements. Further discussion and analysis of these activities and business
     review as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties
     facing the Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the Management
     Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 24 to 39 and the Risk Management Report set out on pages 71 to 79 respectively of
     this Annual Report. The discussion on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, the Group’s key relationships with
     employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders, and the Group’s compliance with the relevant laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group, can be found in the separate Sustainability Report for 2025 which is published
     on the websites of the Company at www.everbright.com (by clicking “Sustainability Report” under “Sustainability”) and The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at www.hkexnews.hk at the same time as the publication of
     this Annual Report in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to
     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) . These discussions form part of this
     Directors’ Report.


     TURNOVER AND CONTRIBUTION TO GROUP RESULTS
     The turnover and contribution to operating results of the Group by principal activity and geographical location are set out in
     notes 4 and 42 to the financial statements.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out on page 102 of this Annual Report.

     The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:
     HK$0.05 per share).


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     Turnover from operations represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales of inventories, interest income, dividend
     income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance lease and gross sale proceeds from disposal
     of trading securities of secondary market investments. Accordingly, it is not practicable to state the percentage of the sales
     attributable to the Group’s largest customers and percentage of the purchases attributable to the Group’s largest suppliers.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 190 of this
     Annual Report.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
     Movements in property, plant and equipment and investment properties during the year are set out in note 14 to the financial
     statements.




80
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




PROPERTIES
Particulars of major properties held by the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out on page 191 of this Annual Report.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Charitable donation made by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$2,281,905 (2024: HK$29,737).


SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as at 31 December 2025 are set out in notes 15,
16 and 17 to the financial statements respectively.


BANK LOANS
Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 26 to the financial statements.


BONDS PAYABLE
Particulars of bonds payable of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 28 to the financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movement in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 31 to the financial statements.


PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
Details of the perpetual capital securities issued by the Company are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED EQUITY SECURITIES
There was no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during
the year ended 31 December 2025.


RESERVES
Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2025 as calculated under the Companies Ordinance amounted to
HK$2,208,614,000 (2024: HK$2,122,063,000). The movement in the Company’s reserves are set out in note 34 to the financial
statements.


BORROWINGS AND INTEREST CAPITALISED
Bonds payable and bank loans repayable within one year or on demand are classified as current liabilities in the financial
statements. Bonds payable and bank loans repayable over one year are classified as non-current liabilities. No interest was
capitalised by the Group during the year.




                                                                                                                                 81
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into during the year or subsisted at the end
     of the year.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     The connected transactions disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year are as follows:

     1.    On 4 August 2025, Everbright Absolute Return Fund (an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) as the
           subscriber (the “Subscriber”), submitted to the trustee of Everbright Income Focus Fund (the “Fund”) and China
           Everbright Securities (HK) Limited (the “Manager”) the redemption form pursuant to which the Subscriber intended to
           redeem 1,263,689.97 Class I USD units of the Fund, representing approximately 50.25% of the total Class I units of
           the Fund (the “Redemption”) and it was expected that the Redemption would be divided into 7 tranches, subject to
           the terms of the fund documents. The redemption price was the price per unit of the Fund ascertained by dividing the
           net asset value of the relevant class of the Fund as at the valuation point in respect of the dealing day by the number
           of such class of units then in issue rounded down to 2 decimal places. Based on the net asset value of the Fund on
           the day immediately preceding 4 August 2025, it was expected that the redemption amount would be approximately
           USD17,122,999.09. Upon completion of the Redemption, the Subscriber would no longer hold any Class I USD units of
           the Fund.

           China Everbright Group Ltd.* (中國光大集團股份公司) (“Everbright Group”), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
           was interested in approximately 49.74% of the total number of issued shares of the Company and was the controlling
           shareholder of the Company. The Manager was an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbright Group through
           Everbright Securities Company Limited, a non wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbright Group (“Everbright Securities”).
           As the Manager had full control over the conduct of the business, assets and affairs of the Fund, the Fund was an
           associate of Everbright Group. Accordingly, the Manager and the Fund were connected persons of the Company and the
           Redemption constituted a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     2.    On 26 September 2025, the Company as the issuer entered into two underwriting agreements (the “Underwriting
           Agreements”) with China Everbright Bank Company Limited (“Everbright Bank”) and Everbright Securities respectively,
           pursuant to which the Company had engaged Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities as the lead underwriters in
           respect of the proposed issue of the multiple types of debt financing instruments by the Company with the aggregate
           amount of not more than RMB20 billion in the PRC to be traded on the China Interbank Bond Market. Under the
           Underwriting Agreements, the maximum aggregate amount of underwriting fee payable by the Company to Everbright
           Bank and Everbright Securities shall not exceed RMB60 million.

           Everbright Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, was interested in approximately 49.74% of the total number
           of issued shares of the Company and was the controlling shareholder of the Company. To the best of the Directors’
           knowledge, information and belief and having made all reasonable enquiries, each of Everbright Bank and Everbright
           Securities was an associate of Everbright Group and therefore a connected person of the Company pursuant to the
           Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Underwriting Agreements (including the payment of
           any underwriting fee(s) to Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities) constituted connected transactions of the Company
           under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The aforesaid connected transactions of the Company were subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but
     exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the
     aforesaid connected transactions of the Company were set out in the announcements of the Company dated 4 August 2025
     and 26 September 2025 respectively.




82
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Set out below is the information in relation to certain continuing connected transactions involving the Company and/or its
subsidiaries, particulars of which were previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company and are required under the
Listing Rules to be disclosed in the annual report and financial statements of the Company.

China Everbright Group Ltd. (“Everbright Group”) is the holder of 100% of the equity interest in CE Hong Kong. CE Hong
Kong is the indirect controlling shareholder of the Company which indirectly holds approximately 49.74% equity interest in
the Company. Accordingly, Everbright Group is a controlling shareholder of the Company, and thus Everbright Group and its
associates are connected persons of the Company. The ongoing arrangements between the Group and Everbright Group and
its associates entered into (including, among other things, deposit services, asset management services, brokerage services
and custodian services) are continuing connected transactions of the Company.

On 28 December 2023, the Company entered into the following new framework agreements (collectively the “Framework
Agreements”) with Everbright Group:

1     Asset management services framework agreement;

2     Brokerage services framework agreement;

3     Custodian services framework agreement; and

4     Deposit services framework agreement.

The Framework Agreements set out the basis upon which members of the Group to carry out the transactions contemplated
under the Framework Agreements with Everbright Group and/or its associates for the three financial years ending 31 December
2026. The duration of the Framework Agreements was commenced on 1 January 2024 and expires on 31 December 2026.
Everbright Group, being the controlling shareholder of the Company, is a connected person of the Company under the Listing
Rules and therefore entering into the Framework Agreements by the Company and the transactions contemplated under the
Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.


(1)   Asset Management Services
      The Group provides asset management services (including investment advisory services) to relevant members of the
      Everbright Group.

      Material terms:

            The Group shall provide asset management services (including investment advisory services) to Everbright Group
            in respect of assets in the asset management services accounts designated by Everbright Group.

            The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided shall be on normal commercial
            terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length negotiation and are no less favourable than those available to similar
            or comparable independent third parties offered by the Group.

            The asset management services (including investment advisory services) provided under the Asset Management
            Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive. Everbright Group is at liberty to obtain asset management
            services (including investment advisory services) from third parties and the Group is at liberty to provide third
            parties with asset management services (including investment advisory services).

      The annual cap for the transactions under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the years ended
      31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025, and the year ending 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$360,000,000. The
      transaction amount under the Asset Management Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December
      2025 was approximately HK$311,633.




                                                                                                                                  83
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     (2)   Brokerage Services
           The Group places cash, equity and debt securities in brokerage accounts with Everbright Group and its associates, and
           Everbright Group and its associates provide brokerage and ancillary services to the Group for customers of the Group,
           funds established and/or managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group
           (where such transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) in
           accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, as well as custodianship of the cash, equity and debt securities.

           Material terms:

                 Everbright Group and its associates shall provide to the Group for customers of the Group, funds established
                 and/or managed by members of the Group as well as proprietary trading of members of the Group (where such
                 transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules) brokerage and
                 ancillary services in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, and custodianship of the cash, equity and
                 debt securities.

                 The brokerage services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
                 negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
                 terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by Everbright Group and its associates to similar
                 or comparable independent third party customers.

                 The brokerage services provided under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
                 the Company is at liberty to obtain brokerage services from third parties.

           The annual cap for the transactions under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the years ended 31
           December 2024 and 31 December 2025, and the year ending 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The
           transaction amount under the Brokerage Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2025 was
           approximately HK$19,870.


     (3)   Custodian Services
           Everbright Group and its associates provide custodian services to the Group, including the safekeeping of assets in
           custodian accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting. The transactions are conducted through custodian
           accounts opened with Everbright Group and its associates in the relevant Group company’s name.

           Material terms:

                 Everbright Group and its associates shall provide the Group custodian services including safekeeping of assets in
                 custodian accounts, monitoring of investment activities, and reporting.

                 The custodian services provided shall be on normal commercial terms which are arrived at upon arm’s length
                 negotiations and are no less favourable than those obtained by the Group from independent third parties, and on
                 terms no less favourable than the most favourable terms offered by Everbright Group and its associates to similar
                 or comparable independent third party customers.

                 The custodian services provided under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement shall be non-exclusive and
                 the Company is at liberty to obtain custodian services from third parties.

           The annual cap for the transactions under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the years ended 31
           December 2024 and 31 December 2025, and the year ending 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$28,000,000. The
           transaction amount under the Custodian Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2025 was
           approximately HK$272,208.




84
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




(4)   Deposit Services
      Everbright Group through its associate China Everbright Bank, provides deposit services to the Group, including current
      and fixed-term deposits. The deposit services are subject to the standard terms and conditions of Everbright Group and
      its associates. The annual cap for the transactions under the Deposit Services Framework Agreement for the years ended
      31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025, and the year ending 31 December 2026 are all set at HK$360,000,000.
      During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the daily aggregate bank balances maintained with China Everbright
      Bank exceeded HK$360,000,000.


Review by the Company’s independent non-executive directors (“INED(s)”) and auditor
The INEDs had reviewed the above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2025 and confirmed
that the transactions were:

(a)   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   conducted on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   entered into in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor
has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions
disclosed by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A summary of the material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year is contained in note 36 to the
financial statements. Save as disclosed above in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions”, no other related party transactions constitute any connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
as defined under the Listing Rules during the year. The Company has complied with the applicable requirements in accordance
with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions
entered into by the Group during the year.




                                                                                                                                 85
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report are as follows:


      Executive Directors:
         Mr. Lin Chun
         Mr. Pan Jianyun (appointed on 27 March 2025)
         Mr. An Xuesong
         Dr. Su Yang (appointed on 18 December 2025)
         Mr. Yin Yanwu (resigned on 18 December 2025)
         Ms. Wang Yun (resigned on 27 March 2025)

      Non-executive Directors:
         Mr. Yu Fachang (resigned on 2 March 2026)
         Dr. Qin Hongyuan (resigned on 26 March 2026)

      Independent Non-executive Directors:
         Dr. Lin Zhijun
         Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
         Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund
         Dr. Young Danqing Xu (appointed on 25 June 2025)

     Biographical details of the existing Directors and the senior management of the Company are available in the section of “Directors
     and Senior Management” on pages 92 to 96 of this Annual Report.

     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the four INEDs pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
     Listing Rules and the Company considers all the INEDs to be independent.

     According to Articles 120 and 121(a) of the Company’s Articles of Association (the “Articles”), one-third of the Directors for the
     time being (who have been longest in office) shall retire from office by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company
     provided that every Director shall retire from office by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be
     eligible for re-election.

     In accordance with Articles 120 and 121(a) of the Articles, Mr. Lin Chun , Mr. An Xuesong and Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen,
     being the Directors who have been longest in office since their last re-election, will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual
     general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

     In addition, according to Article 87 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy or as an
     addition to the Board shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall
     be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

     Dr. Young Danqing Xu and Dr. Su Yang were appointed by the Board as new Directors on 25 June 2025 and 18 December 2025
     respectively. In accordance with Article 87 of the Articles, Dr. Young Danqing Xu and Dr. Su Yang will retire at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.




86
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
Other than certain Directors and senior management named in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” as
set out on pages 92 to 96 of this Annual Report, the names of persons who have served on the board of the subsidiaries of
the Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this Annual Report are available on the
Company’s website under the “Investor Relations” column.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined by Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register of directors’ and chief executives’ interests and short
positions of the Company required to be maintained under section 352 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its
holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entities had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director being offered for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not terminable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation
other than the statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                                                                                                    87
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES
     As at 31 December 2025, the following persons were recorded in the register kept by the Company under section 336 of the
     SFO as having interests in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


     Long Position in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company:
                                                                                                         INTEREST OF                       % OF
                                                                                                         CONTROLLED                TOTAL ISSUED
           NAME OF SHAREHOLDERS                               TOTAL       BENEFICIAL OWNER              CORPORATION                     SHARES
            Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) (1)   838,306,207                       –                838,306,207                   49.74%
            Everbright Group (2)                            838,306,207                       –                838,306,207                   49.74%
            CITIC Group Corporation (3)                     152,088,000                       –                152,088,000                    9.02%
            CITIC Limited (3)                               152,088,000                       –                152,088,000                    9.02%
            Prudential plc (3)                              152,088,000                       –                152,088,000                    9.02%
            CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance
              Company Limited (3)                           152,088,000             152,088,000                          –                    9.02%

     Notes:
     (1)
               Huijin was indirectly wholly-owned by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China and held 63.16% equity interest in Everbright
               Group. It was deemed to be interested in the 838,306,207 ordinary shares indirectly held by Everbright Group pursuant to the SFO.

     (2)
               Everbright Group held 100% of the issued shares of CE Hong Kong. CE Hong Kong held (1) 100% of the issued shares of Honorich
               Holdings Limited (“Honorich”), and (2) 100% of the issued shares of Everbright Investment & Management Limited (“EIM”), respectively.
               Out of the 838,306,207 ordinary shares, 832,273,207 ordinary shares were held by Honorich and the remaining 6,033,000 ordinary shares
               were held by EIM. Accordingly, Everbright Group was deemed to be interested in the 832,273,207 ordinary shares held by Honorich and
               the 6,033,000 ordinary shares held by EIM pursuant to the SFO.

     (3)
               CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was indirectly owned as to 50% by each of CITIC Limited and Prudential plc. CITIC
               Limited was in turn indirectly owned as to 58.13% by CITIC Group Corporation. Accordingly, each of CITIC Group Corporation, CITIC
               Limited and Prudential plc was deemed to be interested in the 152,088,000 ordinary shares held by CITIC Prudential Life Insurance
               Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified of any other person (other than the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company) having any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
     Company which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant
     to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Articles provides that subject to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance, every Director or other officer of the Company
     shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and liabilities which he or
     they may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his or their office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     The Company has taken out insurance against the liabilities and costs associated with defending any proceedings which may
     be brought against the Directors and other officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     INTEREST OF COMPETING BUSINESS
     As at the date of this Annual Report, and as far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or their respective associates
     had any interest in a business which competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or
     any other conflicts of interest with the Group.




88
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company believes that upholding good corporate governance measures is important to ensuring effective internal control
and protecting the long term interest of the shareholders, customers, staff and the Company. The Company strictly complies
with the applicable laws and regulations and codes and guidelines of the regulatory authorities, and strives to follow the best
international and local corporate governance practices and to develop and improve the corporate governance practices of the
Company.

Further details are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” in this Annual Report.


AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Audit and Risk Management Committee currently comprises Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, Dr. Lin Zhijun, Mr. Law Cheuk
Kin Stephen and Dr. Young Danqing Xu. The committee is chaired by Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund. All members of the
committee are INEDs.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Management have reviewed the accounting policies and practices
adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters including the review of the
audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. The terms of reference of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee and a summary of the duties discharged in 2025 have been set out in the “Corporate Governance
Report” in this Annual Report.


RETIREMENT SCHEMES
The Company provides retirement benefits to all local eligible employees under an approved defined contribution provident fund
(the “ORSO Scheme”). The ORSO Scheme is administered by trustees, the majority of whom are independent, with its assets
held separately from those of the Company. The ORSO Scheme is funded by contributions from employees and employers
at 5% each based on the monthly salaries of employees. Forfeited contributions (if any) may be used to reduce the existing
level of contribution by the Company. During the year, no forfeited contribution under this scheme is available to reduce the
contributions payable in future years.

Since 1 December 2000, the Group has also operated a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under
the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong
Kong Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the ORSO Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution
retirement scheme administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each
required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a monthly relevant income
cap of HK$30,000.

The employees of the subsidiaries of the Company established in the People’s Republic of China are members of the
retirement schemes operated by the local authorities. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a percentage of their payroll
to these schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to these schemes is the required
contributions under the schemes.

The Group’s total contributions to these schemes charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended
31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$1,684,775 (2024: HK$1,742,967).


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of
this Annual Report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules throughout the year.




                                                                                                                                  89
     Directors’ Report | Continued




     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December
     2025 (2024: HK$0.05 per share). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.05 per share already paid, the aggregate amount
     of dividends for the year is HK$0.05 per share (2024: HK$0.10 per share).

     The final dividend, subject to approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting, is expected to be paid on Friday, 5 June 2026
     to those shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday, 26 May 2026, being the
     record date for determining shareholders’ entitlement to the final dividend.


     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Thursday, 14 May 2026.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     For the purpose of determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the annual general meeting and
     entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company (the “Register of Members”) will be
     closed in accordance with the following timetable:

     (i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the annual general meeting:

            (a)   Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                            4:30 p.m. on Friday, 8 May 2026

            (b)   Closure of Register of Members                                     Monday, 11 May 2026 to Thursday, 14 May 2026
                                                                                                               (both days inclusive)

            (c)   Record date                                                                                   Monday, 11 May 2026

     (ii)   For determining entitlement to the final dividend:

            (a)   Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                       4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 21 May 2026

            (b)   Closure of Register of Members                                       Friday, 22 May 2026 to Tuesday, 26 May 2026
                                                                                                                (both days inclusive)

            (c)   Record date                                                                                  Tuesday, 26 May 2026

     During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend, speak and vote at
     the annual general meeting, and to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied
     by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services
     Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than the time set out above.




90
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




CHANGES OF DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
The changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are as follows:

1.    Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, an INED, was elected as the president of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants with effect from 13 November 2025. Mr. Law resigned as an independent non-executive director of
      Somerley Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 8439.HK) with effect from 23 March 2026 and Mr. Law was appointed as
      an independent non-executive director of China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193.HK) with effect from 27
      March 2026.

2.    Dr. Su Yang, an Executive Director, was appointed as the Chairman of Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd. (stock code: 600622.
      SH) with effect from 24 December 2025.

3.    Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, an INED, no longer serves as a member of the Legislative Council after the expiration of
      the 7th Legislative Council of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region as at 31 December 2025.

In respect of the changes in emoluments of Directors, please refer to note 8 to the financial statements.


AUDITOR
Ernst & Young (“EY”) retired as the auditors of the Company and did not seek for re-appointment at the annual general meeting
of the Company held on 23 May 2024 (“2024 AGM”).

KPMG was appointed as the auditors of the Company at 2024 AGM in place of retiring auditors, EY.

KPMG will retire as the auditors of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be
proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 14 May 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in auditors of the Company in any of the preceding three years.

By Order of the Board
China Everbright Limited
Lin Chun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




                                                                                                                                 91
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     DIRECTORS
     Mr. Lin Chun
     Chairman of the Board and Executive Director
     Mr. Lin Chun, aged 55, is the Chairman of the Board and Executive Director. He is also the Chairman of the Executive
     Board Committee, the Chairman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and a member of the Nomination
     Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board. He serves as a director of certain
     subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lin is the President of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited, the controlling
     shareholder of the Company. Mr. Lin was the chairman of Everbright Financial Holding Asset Management Co., Ltd. from 2021
     to 2023. Since 1993, Mr. Lin had served as a transaction office trader of the international business department, deputy manager
     of the treasury division of the international business department, deputy director of the market trading division of the planning
     and funding department, director of the transaction office of the international business department, director of the transaction
     office of the treasury department, assistant to the general manager of the treasury department, assistant to the general
     manager of the investment banking department, deputy general manager of the investment banking department, deputy
     general manager of the investment banking department (in charge), general manager of the investment banking department
     of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code: 601818.SH, 6818.HK). He had served as the general manager of the
     investment and restructuring department of China Everbright Group Ltd. from 2015 to 2021. He has 30 years of experience
     in the financial industry and management. Mr. Lin holds a Bachelor’s degree in international finance from the Department of
     International Finance of China Institute of Finance and Banking (now known as China School of Banking and Finance University
     of International Business and Economics). He joined the Board in January 2024.


     Mr. Pan Jianyun
     Executive Director and Vice President
     Mr. Pan Jianyun, aged 55, is an Executive Director and the Vice President, assuming duties of Acting President of the Group.
     He is a member of the Executive Board Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board.
     He is also the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee of the Group and serves as a director of certain subsidiaries
     of the Company. He is currently a Non-executive Director of China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848.
     HK) and a Non-executive and Non-independent Chairman of Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (stock code: 5DM.SGX)
     and a Non-executive Director of Everbright Securities Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK). Mr. Pan was a
     Non-executive Director of China Everbright Environment Group Limited (stock code: 257.HK) from March 2024 to April 2025.
     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Pan had served as a Director and Vice President of China Everbright Holdings Company Limited
     and a deputy general manager of each of the listing office and integrated development department of China Everbright Group
     Ltd., the controlling shareholders of the Company. He had also served as a business line director and general manager of the
     investment banking management headquarters of Everbright Securities Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK).
     He previously worked as a lawyer at Ningbo Beilun Law Firm, a project manager, an assistant to general manager, a director
     of legal affairs office and a general manager of investment banking headquarters of Skyone Securities’ investment banking
     division. Mr. Pan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Law from China University of Political Science and Law, a Master’s degree in
     Economics from Zhejiang University, and an Executive Master’s Degree in business administration from Fudan University. He
     joined the Board in March 2025.




92
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Mr. An Xuesong
Executive Director and Vice President
Mr. An Xuesong, aged 55, is an Executive Director and the Vice President of the Group in charge of finance, a member of the
Executive Board Committee, Strategy Committee and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board. He is
also a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group and serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the
Company. Mr. An is currently the Chairman of the board and a Non-executive Director of China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings
Limited (stock code: 1848.HK), a Non-executive and Non-independent Director of Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (stock
code: 5DM.SGX) and a Non-executive Director of Everbright Securities Company Limited (stock code: 601788.SH, 6178.HK).
Mr. An was the Executive Director, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of China Everbright Environment Group Limited
(stock code: 257.HK) from October 2021 to March 2024. He was the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of China
Everbright Water Limited (stock code: U9E.SG, 1857.HK) from December 2014 to October 2021. Prior to that, Mr. An worked
at the Municipal General Office of Jingzhou, Hubei Province and Guangdong Technology Venture Capital Group Ltd.. Mr. An
has comprehensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, project investment and management, financial management and
risk management. Mr. An holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Jinan University. He is a Certified Public
Accountant in the People’s Republic of China and a Certified International Internal Auditor. He joined the Board in April 2024.


Dr. Su Yang
Executive Director and Vice President
Dr. Su Yang, aged 45, is an Executive Director and Vice President of the Group in charge of the Real Estate Fund Investment
and Management Centre and the Medical and Related Business Fund Department. He is also a member of the Executive Board
Committee of the Board and the Management Decision Committee of the Group. Dr. Su is currently the Chairman of Everbright
Jiabao Co., Ltd. (stock code: 600622.SH). Dr. Su worked at China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code: 601818.
SH, 6818.HK) in July 2000, successively in the Audit Department, General Office and Investment Banking Department. Dr. Su
joined Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Co., Ltd. in March 2013, served as Board Secretary in May 2013, concurrently served
as Director of the Board Office and Director of the Supervisory Board Office in December 2013, served as Assistant General
Manager in January 2018, and served as the Deputy General Manager in August 2019. He has served as a Director of China
Everbright Senior Healthcare Company Limited and a Director of Everbright Senior Healthcare Company Limited* （光大養
老健康產業發展有限公司） since November 2022. Dr. Su holds a Bachelor’s Degree in industrial foreign trade from Shanghai
Jiao Tong University, a Master’s Degree in economics from Peking University, and a Doctor’s Degree in economics from
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics. He joined the Board in December 2025.




                                                                                                                                  93
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     Dr. Lin Zhijun
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Dr. Lin Zhijun, aged 71, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and
     Remuneration Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and Strategy
     Committee of the Board. Dr. Lin is a Senior Advisor to the President and Professor of Macau University of Science and
     Technology. During August 1998 to December 2014, he was a Professor and Head of the Department of Accountancy and Law
     in Hong Kong Baptist University. He is also an Independent Non-executive Director of BOCOM International Holdings Company
     Limited (stock code: 3329.HK) and China Construction Bank Corporation (stock code: 939.HK, 601939.SH). Previously, Dr.
     Lin once served as an Independent Non-executive Director of Sinotruk (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 3808.HK) and Dali
     Foods Group Company Limited (delisted by privatization on 1 September 2023). Dr. Lin holds a Master’s degree of Science
     in Accounting from University of Saskatchewan in Canada and a Doctoral degree in Economics (Accounting) from Xiamen
     University. Dr. Lin worked as a Visiting Professor in The University of Hong Kong and Tenured Professor in the Faculty of
     Management of Lethbridge University in Canada. He worked at the Toronto office of an international accounting firm (now
     known as “Deloitte”). Dr. Lin is also a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Chinese Institute
     of Certified Public Accountants and the Australian Institute of Certified Management Accountants. He is a member of various
     educational accounting associations. Dr. Lin is also an author of a series of professional articles and books. He joined the Board
     in September 2005.


     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, Justice of the Peace
     Independent Non-executive Director
     Mr. Law Cheuk Kin, Stephen, JP, aged 63, is an Independent Non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Strategy
     Committee of the Board. He is also a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee,
     the Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board. Mr. Law is a member
     of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Mr. Law is also an Independent
     Non-executive Director of China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (stock code: 601881.SH, 6881.HK), CSPC Pharmaceutical Group
     Limited (stock code: 1093.HK), Keymed Biosciences Inc. (stock code: 2162.HK), XtalPi Holdings Limited (formerly known as
     QuantumPharm Inc. (stock code: 2228.HK) and China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193.HK). Mr. Law served
     as an independent non-executive director of Somerley Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 8439.HK) from February 2019 to
     March 2026. Mr. Law served as the Finance Director and a member of the Executive Directorate of MTR Corporation Limited
     (stock code: 66.HK) (“MTR”) from July 2013 to July 2016. Prior to joining MTR, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Guoco
     Group Limited, Hong Kong. Prior to that, Mr. Law had served as the Managing Director of TPG Growth Capital (Asia) Limited
     and had also held various senior positions in the Morningside Group and the Wheelock Group. He was also an Independent
     Non-executive Director of Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp. (stock code: MITO.Nasdaq) and Bank of Guizhou Co., Ltd. (stock code:
     6199.HK). Mr. Law is currently the Managing Director of ANS Capital Limited. He is also currently the president and a council
     member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a council member of Hong Kong Business Accountants
     Association. He also served as an adjunct professor of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2015 to 2017. He is currently
     a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
     in England and Wales. Besides, Mr. Law has been appointed by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China
     (the “MOF”) as an expert consultant to provide advice on finance and management accounting to the MOF. Mr. Law holds a
     Bachelor’s degree in Science (Civil Engineering) from the University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and also received a
     Master’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Hull, the United Kingdom. He joined the Board in May 2018.




94
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund
Independent Non-executive Director
Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund, aged 41, is an independent non-executive Director, a member of each of the Audit and Risk
Management Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the
Board. Mr. Wong is an independent non-executive director of High Fashion International Limited (stock code: 608.HK), and
China Merchants Land Asset Management Co., Limited which is the manager of China Merchants Commercial Real Estate
Investment Trust (stock code: 1503.HK). He served as an independent non-executive director of Confidence Intelligence
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1967.HK) from September 2019 to December 2024. Mr. Wong was a member of the Seventh
Legislative Council of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Wong has more than 15 years of experience in accounting,
taxation and auditing. He joined Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as an audit associate in September 2007 and left as an audit senior
in November 2011. Mr. Wong has joined Patrick Wong C.P.A. Limited as an audit manager since February 2012 and has been
its practicing director since March 2013. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, Chartered Accountants in Australia and New Zealand, the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom, The Society of Chinese Accountants and Auditors, The
Taxation Institute of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong Independent Non-executive Director Association, The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute. Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from
Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007, a Master’s degree of Science in Applied Accounting and Finance from Hong
Kong Baptist University in November 2013, a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in October 2016, a Master’s degree in Corporate Governance
from Hong Kong Metropolitan University in August 2017 and a Master’s degree in Professional Accounting from The Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in 2021. He joined the Board in March 2024.


Dr. Young Danqing Xu
Independent Non-executive Director
Dr. Young Danqing Xu, aged 63, is an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit and Risk Management
Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board. Dr. Young
is a Professor in School of Accountancy at The Chinese University of Hong Kong (“CUHK”). She has served as the Director of
School of Accountancy, Director of the Executive Master of Professional Accountancy Program, a member of the Executive
Committee of the Faculty of Business Administration, a member of the Committee on Teaching and Learning Quality of EMBA,
a member of the Senate Committees in the CUHK, and a member of various other committees in the CUHK. She has also
served as the President of Hong Kong Accounting Academic Association and the Vice President of International Association for
Accounting Education & Research. Dr. Young obtained a Bachelor of Science in Management Science and a Master of Art in
Management of Industrial Economics from Fudan University in 1984 and 1987, respectively, and a Master of Art in Economics
and a Doctor of Philosophy in Accounting from University of Connecticut, the United State, in 1990 and 1998, respectively.
Dr. Young’s research has been published in top journals in accounting such as Journal of Accounting Research, Journal of
Accounting and Economics, The Accounting Review and Contemporary Accounting Research. She joined the Board in June
2025.




                                                                                                                                95
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT | Continued




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin
     Mr. So Hiu Pang Kevin, aged 50, is the Vice President and a member of the Management Decision Committee of the Group,
     and also serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is in charge of the Group’s Consumption Fund
     Department, Overseas Infrastructure Fund Department, Fund of Funds Department, Green Fund Department, Merger and
     Acquisition Department and Asset Management Department. He is also the Vice Chairman of Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd. (stock
     code: 600622.SH). Mr. So joined the Group in 2006. Mr. So holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Hong
     Kong Polytechnic University and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Xiamen University. He was also a member of the third,
     the fourth and the fifth Election Committee of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a member of the twelfth session
     of All-China Youth Federation. Mr. So has extensive knowledge and experience in the financial industry and management.




96
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Everbright Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
(“the Group”) set out on pages 102 to 189, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flow for the year then ended and notes, comprising
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have
also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.




                                                                                                                                     97
     Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
      Valuation of level 3 financial investments
      Refer to note 2(f), 2(ac) and 40 to the consolidated financial statements
      The Key Audit Matters                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit

      As at 31 December 2025, financial instruments carried             Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of level 3
      at fair value accounted for a significant portion of the          financial instruments included the following:
      Group’s assets. The fair value of these financial assets was
      HK$34,898,638,000, of which HK$23,061,830,000 were                —    assessing the design, implementation and operating
      classified as level 3 fair value measurement.                          effectiveness of key internal controls over the
                                                                             valuation of the financial instruments;
      Management engaged external valuation specialists to
      assist the valuations for the Group’s certain financial           —    inspecting investment agreements of the financial
      instruments. The valuation of the Group’s level 3 financial            instruments, on a sample basis, to understand the
      instruments were measured using valuation techniques that              relevant contractual terms and identify features of
      involve significant inputs that were not based on observable           the financial instruments that were relevant to the
      market data (“unobservable inputs”). Where unobservable                valuations;
      inputs were used, significant management judgement and
      estimates were made in the valuation process.                     —    evaluating the competence, capability and objectivity
                                                                             of the external valuation specialists;
      We identified assessment of the fair value of level 3 financial
      instruments as a key audit matter because of the degree of        —    with the assistance of our valuation specialists,
      complexity involved in valuing these financial instruments             assessing the fair value of financial instruments,
      and the degree of judgement exercised by management in                 on sample basis, by evaluating the appropriateness
      determining the inputs used in the valuation models.                   of the Group’s valuation models, evaluating the
                                                                             reasonableness of the inputs and the appropriateness
                                                                             of the application by the Group; or either conducting
                                                                             independent valuation or obtaining inputs
                                                                             independently, and comparing our valuation results
                                                                             with that of the Group;

                                                                        —    comparing the fair values of those investment funds
                                                                             where the valuation is referenced to the funds’ net
                                                                             asset value with the net asset value reports provided
                                                                             by independent fund managers, on a sample basis;
                                                                             and

                                                                        —    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                             the consolidated financial statements with reference
                                                                             to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                             standards.




98
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Consolidation of structured entities
 Refer to note 2(c) and 38 to the consolidated financial statements
 The Key Audit Matters                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

 Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow   Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of
 and well defined objective with restrictions around their       structured entities includes the following:
 ongoing activities. The Group may acquire or retain an
 ownership interest in a structured entity through issuing       —    assessing the design and implementation of
 or acquiring an investment fund or collective investment             key internal controls of financial reporting over
 schemes.                                                             consolidation of structured entities.

 In determining whether a structured entity is required to       —    selecting significant structured entities of each
 be consolidated by the Group, management is required to              key investment type and performing the following
 consider the power it possesses, its exposure to variable            procedures for each item selected:
 returns, and its ability to use its power to affect returns.
 These factors are not purely quantitative and need to be             —     inspecting the related contracts and internal
 considered collectively in the overall substance of the                    establishment documents to understand the
 transactions.                                                              purpose of the establishment of the structured
                                                                            entity and the involvement the Group has
 We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a                with the structured entity and to assess
 key audit matter because of the complex nature of certain                  management’s judgement over whether the
 of these structured entities and because of the judgement                  Group has the ability to exercise power over
 exercised by management in the qualitative assessment                      the structured entity;
 of the terms and the nature of each entity. The impact
 of consolidating a structured entity on the consolidated             —     evaluating the risk and reward structure of the
 statement of financial position could be significant.                      structured entity including any capital or return
                                                                            guarantee, commission paid and distribution
                                                                            of the returns to assess management’s
                                                                            judgement as to exposure, or rights, to variable
                                                                            returns from the Group’s involvement in such
                                                                            an entity;

                                                                      —     performing independent analysis of the
                                                                            structured entity to assess the Group’s ability
                                                                            to affect its own returns from the structured
                                                                            entity, including qualitative analysis of the
                                                                            Group’s substantive rights and quantitative
                                                                            analysis of the magnitude and variability
                                                                            associated with its economic interests in the
                                                                            structured entity; and

                                                                      —     evaluating management’s judgement over
                                                                            whether the structured entity should be
                                                                            consolidated or not.

                                                                 —    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                      the financial statements in relation to consolidation of
                                                                      structured entities with reference to the requirements
                                                                      of the prevailing accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                 99
      Independent Auditor’s Report | Continued




      INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT
      THEREON
      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
      annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
      assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. We have performed an
      assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part of the other information and provided
      a separate assurance practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other information.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
      doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
      knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
      required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
      accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
      such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
      are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
      as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
      unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report
      is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other
      purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
      always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
      if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
      basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
            or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
            and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
            fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
            the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

100
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit and Risk Management Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit and Risk Management Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit and Risk Management Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is CHUI, Ming Wai, Vivian (practising
certificate number: P04860).




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

26 March 2026




                                                                                                                                         101
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      PROFIT OR LOSS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                               Notes    HK$’000        HK$’000

       Turnover                                                                 4      8,286,292     6,548,605


       Income from contracts with customers                                     4         321,920       407,124
       Net income/(loss) from investments                                       4         998,201        (53,793)
         Interest income                                                                  362,345       556,038
         Dividend income                                                                1,836,195     1,291,392
         Realised (loss)/gain on investments                                               (6,379)      151,816
         Unrealised loss on investments                                                (1,193,960)   (2,050,837)
         Others                                                                                 –          (2,202)
       (Loss)/income from other sources                                         4        (113,572)        28,052
       Impairment losses                                                        5      (1,637,052)     (358,616)
       Operating expenses                                                       6        (763,201)     (823,835)

       Loss from operating activities                                                  (1,193,704)     (801,068)

       Finance costs                                                             7      (900,194)    (1,339,129)
       Share of profits less losses of associates                               16       429,383           3,544
       Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                           17         7,420         (41,272)

       Loss before taxation                                                            (1,657,095)   (2,177,925)
       Income tax (expenses)/credit                                             9         (77,517)      313,266

       Loss for the year                                                               (1,734,612)   (1,864,659)

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (2,007,723)   (1,909,019)
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                                32         82,911         78,993
         Non-controlling interests                                                        190,200        (34,633)

       Loss for the year                                                               (1,734,612)   (1,864,659)

       Basic and diluted loss per share                                         13     HK$(1.191)    HK$(1.133)




      The notes on pages 108 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




102
                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                         Notes    HK$’000          HK$’000

 Loss for the year                                                               (1,734,612)     (1,864,659)

 Other comprehensive income for the year:
   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
   — Net movement in investment revaluation reserve of
     equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                    (495,637)      1,539,717
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
   — Share of other comprehensive income and effect of
     foreign currency translation of associates                                     69,628         (204,121)
   — Share of other comprehensive income and effect of
     foreign currency translation of joint ventures                                 17,807          (19,022)
   — Other net movement in exchange reserve                                        299,493        (445,337)

                                                                          12      (108,709)        871,237

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                         (1,843,321)       (993,422)

 Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (2,158,502)     (1,008,523)
   Holders of perpetual capital securities                                32         82,911           78,993
   Non-controlling interests                                                        232,270          (63,892)

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                         (1,843,321)       (993,422)




The notes on pages 108 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                103
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
      As at 31 December 2025




                                                                         31 December     31 December
                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                 Notes       HK$’000         HK$’000

       Non-current assets
         Property, plant and equipment                            14          469,473         455,989
         Investment properties                                    14        5,274,958       5,329,287
         Investments in associates                                16       17,899,983      17,017,451
         Investments in joint ventures                            17          747,531         729,803
         Equity investments designated at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                              18        6,076,978       6,572,616
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19       20,336,825      22,032,489

                                                                           50,805,748      52,137,635

       Current assets
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19        5,436,152       5,218,394
         Advances to customers                                    20        3,249,173       3,059,342
         Inventories                                              21        1,446,184       1,472,807
         Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                22        1,293,680       1,545,596
         Trading securities                                       23        3,048,683       2,830,106
         Cash and cash equivalents                                24        8,503,853       8,422,125

                                                                           22,977,725      22,548,370

       Current liabilities
         Trading securities                                       23         (728,386)       (378,368)
         Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges         25       (2,892,942)     (2,574,238)
         Bank loans                                               26       (7,247,619)     (9,300,158)
         Bonds payable                                            28       (4,428,600)     (3,239,610)
         Other financial liabilities                              27         (538,654)       (437,378)
         Lease liabilities                                        30          (19,728)         (20,473)
         Provision for taxation                                              (576,464)       (672,775)

                                                                          (16,432,393)    (16,623,000)

       Net current assets                                                   6,545,332       5,925,370

       Total assets less current liabilities                               57,351,080      58,063,005




104
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position | Continued
As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                         31 December         31 December
                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                            Notes            HK$’000             HK$’000

 Non-current liabilities
  Bank loans                                                                  26            (5,222,076)          (4,084,395)
  Bonds payable                                                               28           (12,732,225)        (13,498,375)
  Other financial liabilities                                                 27            (6,019,309)          (6,441,964)
  Lease liabilities                                                           30               (42,961)              (18,049)
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                    29            (1,193,317)          (1,370,151)

                                                                                           (25,209,888)        (25,412,934)

 NET ASSETS                                                                                 32,141,192         32,650,071

 CAPITAL AND RESERVES
  Share capital                                                               31             9,618,097          9,618,097
  Reserves                                                                                  17,778,218         20,108,567

 Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       27,396,315         29,726,664
   Holders of perpetual capital securities                                    32             3,857,815          2,209,630
   Non-controlling interests                                                                   887,062            713,777

 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                               32,141,192         32,650,071


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2026 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




Lin Chun                                              An Xuesong
Director                                              Director




The notes on pages 108 to 189 form part of these financial statements.



                                                                                                                                105
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company


                                                                   Option Investment                                                                        Perpetual        Non-
                                                         Share    premium revaluation     Goodwill        Capital    Exchange      Retained                    capital controlling         Total
                                                        capital    reserve     reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve      earnings        Total    securities   interests       equity
                                              Notes    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

       As at 1 January 2024                           9,618,097      1,242   3,625,710     (664,792)     (86,127) (1,806,265) 20,301,856 30,989,721         2,209,566     906,499 34,105,786
       Net movement by non-controlling
         shareholders                                        –           –           –            –           (52)           –            –          (52)           –     (128,830)    (128,882)
       Dividends paid                          11            –           –           –            –             –            –     (252,788)    (252,788)           –            –     (252,788)
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                    32            –           –           –            –             –            –            –            –      (78,929)           –       (78,929)
       Share of capital reserve of
         associates                                          –           –           –            –        (1,694)           –            –       (1,694)           –            –        (1,694)
       Loss for the year                                     –           –           –            –             –            –    (1,909,019) (1,909,019)      78,993      (34,633) (1,864,659)
       Other comprehensive income
         for the year                                        –           –   1,539,717            –             –     (639,221)           –      900,496            –      (29,259)     871,237

       As at 31 December 2024 and
         as at 1 January 2025                         9,618,097      1,242   5,165,427     (664,792)     (87,873) (2,445,486) 18,140,049 29,726,664         2,209,630     713,777 32,650,071
       Net movement by non-controlling
         shareholders                                        –           –           –            –             –            –            –            –            –      (58,985)     (58,985)
       Dividends paid                          11            –           –           –            –             –            –     (168,525)    (168,525)           –            –     (168,525)
       Issuance of perpetual medium
         terms notes                           32            –           –           –            –             –            –            –            –    1,644,255            –    1,644,255
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                    32            –           –           –            –             –            –            –            –      (78,981)           –      (78,981)
       Share of capital reserve of
         associates                                          –           –           –            –       (3,322)            –            –       (3,322)           –            –        (3,322)
       Loss for the year                                     –           –           –            –             –            –    (2,007,723) (2,007,723)      82,911     190,200     (1,734,612)
       Other comprehensive income
         for the year                                        –           –    (495,637)           –             –     344,858             –     (150,779)           –      42,070      (108,709)

       As at 31 December 2025                         9,618,097      1,242   4,669,790     (664,792)     (91,195) (2,100,628) 15,963,801 27,396,315         3,857,815     887,062 32,141,192




      The notes on pages 108 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




106
                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                         Notes      HK$’000        HK$’000

 NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               41(a)      545,397       1,691,434

 INVESTING ACTIVITIES
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment
    and investment properties                                                         (1,606)        (14,763)
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
    and investment properties                                                           279          52,269
   Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                                 –             628
   Investments in an associate                                                     (700,000)              –
   Divestment in joint ventures                                                           –         144,850
   Decrease in restricted cash                                                        1,191          24,854
   Proceeds from obtaining control of a subsidiary                                   13,332               –
   Bank interest received                                                            64,101         112,229
   Dividends received from investments                                              322,503         299,232
   Dividends received from associates and joint ventures                            313,156         487,160

 NET CASH INFLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                           12,956       1,106,459

 NET CASH INFLOW BEFORE FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                        558,353       2,797,893

 FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   Issuance of shares of subsidiaries to non-controlling shareholders                    270                –
   Redemption of non-controlling shareholders’ shares                                (35,786)       (109,049)
   Proceeds from bank loans                                                       18,903,233     21,613,350
   Proceeds from issuance of medium term notes                                     3,321,450       9,363,230
   Repayment of bank loans                                                       (19,885,910)   (26,782,331)
   Repayment of medium term notes and bonds                                       (3,321,450)     (6,042,625)
   Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                                         1,644,255                –
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (32,768)         (31,859)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                    (29,993)         (19,780)
   Dividends paid                                                                   (168,525)       (252,788)
   Distribution to holders of perpetual capital securities                           (78,981)         (78,929)
   Interest paid                                                                    (922,673)     (1,271,296)

 NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                        (606,878)      (3,612,077)

 NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                           (48,525)      (814,184)

 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  Beginning of year                                                               8,390,018       9,531,117
  Exchange rate adjustments                                                         131,444        (326,915)

   End of year                                                                    8,472,937       8,390,018

 ANALYSIS OF THE BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   Bank balances and cash – general accounts                                      7,935,949       7,810,665
   Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of less
    than three months when acquired                                                 567,904         611,460
   Restricted cash                                                                  (30,916)         (32,107)

   End of year                                                            24      8,472,937       8,390,018



The notes on pages 108 to 189 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                 107
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
            China Everbright Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange
            of Hong Kong Limited. The Company considers Honorich Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
            Islands, to be the immediate holding company of the Company and Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) to be the
            ultimate holding company of the Company. Huijin is a state-owned investment company incorporated in accordance with
            China’s Company Law. Huijin was established in December 2003 and mandated to exercise the rights and the obligations
            as an investor in major state-owned financial enterprises, on behalf of the State Council. In September 2007, the
            Ministry of Finance issued special treasury bonds and acquired all the shares of Huijin from the People’s Bank of China.
            The acquired shares were injected into China Investment Corporation (“CIC”) as part of its initial capital contribution.
            However, Huijin’s principal shareholder rights are exercised by the State Council. The members of Huijin’s Board of
            Directors and Board of Supervisors are appointed by and are accountable to the State Council. No financial statements
            were prepared by these companies available for public use.

            The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Company, through its subsidiaries, associates and joint
            ventures, is principally engaged in investment activities and the provision of financial services.


      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (a)   Statement of compliance
            These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which collective term
            includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards
            (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the
            requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure
            provisions requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
            A summary of the material accounting policies adopted by the Group is set out below.

            The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for
            early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
            policies resulting from the initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for
            the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.


      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries
            (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures.

            The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except that the
            following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below:

            —     investment properties (note 2(h)); and

            —     financial instruments classified as trading securities, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity
                  investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial liabilities at fair value through
                  profit or loss and derivative financial instruments (notes 2(f) and 2(n)).

            The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires management to make
            judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
            income and expenses.




108
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)
      The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
      to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about the
      carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
      these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect on the
      financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 43.


(c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
      Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to
      variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
      entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are
      considered.

      An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
      commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
      profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
      Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
      the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
      respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
      the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
      liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non- controlling interests either at fair value
      or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

      Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
      equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
      presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
      income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling
      interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non- controlling interests are presented as
      financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
      transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
      consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill, and no gain or
      loss is recognised.




                                                                                                                                      109
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (c)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary,
            with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date
            when control is lost is recognised at fair value, and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a
            financial asset (see note 2(f)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint
            venture (see note 2(d)).

            In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
            note 2(I)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) (see note
            2(ab)(i)).

            A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
            deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only, and key activities
            are directed by contractual agreement. Structured entities often have restricted activities and a narrow and well defined
            objective. Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities is disclosed in note 38.


      (d)   Associates and joint ventures
            An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control,
            over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

            A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or the Company and other parties contractually agree to share
            control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

            An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the
            equity method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post
            acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment
            (see note 2(I)). Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s
            investments in associates or joint ventures. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees
            and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the
            Group’s share of post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the
            consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
            reduced to nil and further losses are not recognised except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
            obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest in the investee is the
            carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in
            substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

            Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
            eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
            impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
            remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.




110
                                                                                                     CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(d)   Associates and joint ventures (continued)
      When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
      capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
      in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

      In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
      venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
      recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint
      control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
      asset (see note 2(f)).

      In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are stated at cost less
      impairment losses (see note 2(l)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as
      held for sale) (see note 2(ab)(i)).


(e)   Goodwill
      Goodwill represents the excess of:

      (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
             acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

      (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

      When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

      Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
      to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
      combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)). In respect of associates or joint ventures, the carrying
      amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the interest in the associate or joint venture and the investment
      as a whole is tested for impairment whenever there is objective evidence of impairment (see note 2(l)).

      On disposal of a cash generating unit, an associate or a joint venture during the year, any attributable amount of
      purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the gain or loss on disposal.

      Goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001 was eliminated against goodwill reserves. Such goodwill is
      released from goodwill reserves to retained earnings when all or part of the business to which the goodwill is related is
      disposed of.




                                                                                                                                        111
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (f)   Investments and other financial assets
            Initial recognition and measurement
            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
            comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
            characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
            contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting
            the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the
            case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain
            a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
            transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below
            (note 2(u)).

            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
            income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
            amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through
            profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
            generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
            flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
            a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
            assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
            the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
            aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

            All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
            commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
            require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.


            Subsequent measurement
            The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
            Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
            impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
            or impaired.




112
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(f)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32
      Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
      instrument basis.

      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are recognised
      as dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable
      that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
      measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial
      asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
      changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
      classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as dividend income in the statement of profit or loss when the right
      of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
      Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably. Interest income arising from the financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss is recognised as net gains or net losses in the statement of profit or loss.

      A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host and
      accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host; a
      separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the
      hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with
      changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in
      the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification
      of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

      A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
      financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety based on the
      contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing such assets.




                                                                                                                                        113
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (g)   Derecognition of financial assets
            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
            derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

            —     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

            —     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
                  received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
                  (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
                  transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
            arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When
            it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
            asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that
            case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on
            a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
            original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
            repay.


      (h)   Investment properties
            Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see note 2(k)) to
            earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently undetermined future use and
            property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment property.

            Investment properties are stated at fair value at the end of the reporting period, unless they are still in the course of
            construction or development at the end of the reporting period and their fair value cannot be reliably measured at the
            time. Any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is
            recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from investment properties is accounted for as described in note 2(u).


      (i)   Other property and equipment
            The following items of property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
            accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)):

            —     buildings held for own use which are situated on leasehold land, where the fair value could be measured separately
                  from the fair value of the leasehold land at the inception of the lease (see note 2(k)); and

            —     other items of equipment comprising leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, and motor
                  vehicles.

            Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the
            difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on
            the date of retirement or disposal.




114
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(j)   Depreciation
      Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
      residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

      —     Interests in leasehold land held for own use under operating leases is depreciated over the unexpired terms of
            leases

      —     Buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired terms of leases and their
            estimated useful lives, being not more than 50 years after the date of purchase

      —     Leasehold improvements                           over the shorter of 5 years and the lease terms

      —     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                3 to 20 years

      —     Motor vehicles                                   5 years

      —     Right-of-use assets                              over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives

      Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is allocated on a
      reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its
      residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.


(k)   Leased assets
      The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if
      the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


      Group as a lessee
      The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases
      of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing
      the right to use the underlying assets.

      (a)   Right-of-use assets
            Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are measured at
            cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
            liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
            incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
            Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated
            useful lives of the assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or
            the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the
            asset.




                                                                                                                                      115
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (k)   Leased assets (continued)
            Group as a lessee (continued)
            (b)   Lease liabilities
                  Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments
                  to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
                  payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and
                  amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price
                  of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination
                  of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
                  payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event
                  or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                  In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
                  commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
                  commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
                  for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
                  modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments or a change in assessment of an option to
                  purchase the underlying asset.

            (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                  The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises. When
                  the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on
                  a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
                  expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


            Group as a lessor
            When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases
            as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

            Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
            are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
            consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted
            for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its
            operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying
            amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
            recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

            Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
            lessee are accounted for as finance leases. At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset is capitalised at
            the present value of the lease payments and related payments, including the initial direct costs, and presented as a
            receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.




116
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(l)   Impairment of assets
(i)   Impairment of financial assets
      The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
      through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
      the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
      effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
      enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

      General approach
      For financial assets recognised at amortised cost, ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which
      there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that
      result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for
      which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
      losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
      since initial recognition. Depending on the nature of the financial instrument, the assessment of a significant increase
      in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on
      a collective basis, the financial instrument is grouped based on similar credit risk characteristics. When making the
      assessment, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
      the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
      supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.
      The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30
      days past due.

      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
      cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
      that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
      enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
      the contractual cash flows.

      Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
      the following stages for measurement of ECLs as detailed below.

      Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which
                the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

      Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not
                credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                ECLs

      Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-
                impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs




                                                                                                                                      117
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (l)    Impairment of assets (continued)
      (ii)   Impairment of other assets
             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify indications that
             the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no
             longer exists or may have decreased:

             —     Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets (other than properties carried at revalued amount);

             —     Intangible assets;

             —     Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the Company’s statement of financial position; and

             —     Goodwill.

             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets that
             are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is estimated
             annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

             Calculation of recoverable amount
             The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
             value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
             reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the assets. Where an asset
             does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined
             for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

             Recognition of impairment losses
             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to
             which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
             allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and
             then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
             carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), or value
             in use, (if determinable).

             Reversals of impairment losses
             In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the
             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

             A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had no
             impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in
             which the reversals are recognised.




118
                                                                                                          CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(m) Accounts receivable and other receivables
       A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
       consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
       If revenue has been recognised before the group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
       presented as a contract asset (see note 2(v)).

       Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note
       2(l)(i)).


(n)    Financial liabilities
(i)    Financial liabilities
       Initial recognition and measurement
       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
       borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

       All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
       directly attributable transaction costs.

       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, derivative financial instruments and interest- bearing
       bank and other borrowings.

       Subsequent measurement
       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term.
       This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging
       instruments in hedge relationships. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they
       are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include
       any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

       Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
       After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
       effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
       cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
       through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

       Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
       an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
       statement of profit or loss.


(ii)   Derecognition of financial liabilities
       A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

       When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
       terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
       of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
       recognised in the statement of profit or loss.



                                                                                                                                                119
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (o)    Inventories
             Inventories are stated at specifically identified cost, including capitalised borrowing costs directly attributable to the
             development of the properties, exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings are capitalised to the
             extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs, aggregate cost of development, materials and supplies,
             wages and other direct expenses, less any allowance considered necessary by the directors.

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling
             prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.


      (p)    Cash and cash equivalents
             Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-term
             highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts
             of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
             commitments.

             For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
             at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
             integral part of the Group’s cash management.

             For cash subject to restriction, assessment is made on the economic substance of the restriction and whether they meet
             the definition of cash and cash equivalents.


      (q)    Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
             liabilities.

             Perpetual capital securities issued by the Company contain no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
             asset; or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that are potentially
             unfavourable to the Company; and the securities issued are non-derivative instruments that will be settled in the
             Company’s own equity instruments, but include no contractual obligation for the Company to deliver a variable number
             of its own equity instruments. The Company classifies the securities issued as an equity instrument. Fees, commissions
             and other transaction costs of the securities issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on the securities are
             recognised as profit distribution at the time of declaration.


      (r)    Employee benefits
      (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution plans and the cost of non- monetary
             benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or
             settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.


      (ii)   Termination benefits
             Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
             and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.




120
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(s)   Income tax
      Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
      movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to
      items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
      enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences, respectively, being the
      differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
      Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

      Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable
      that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits
      that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those
      that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same
      taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected
      reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset
      can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary
      differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
      differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
      expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

      The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
      goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
      taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments
      in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
      probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it
      is probable that they will reverse in the future.

      The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the
      carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
      period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent
      that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised.
      Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

      Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related
      dividends is recognised.




                                                                                                                                           121
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (s)   Income tax (continued)
            Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and
            are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax
            liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
            liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

            —     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or
                  to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

            —     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                  on either:

                  —      the same taxable entity; or

                  —      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities
                         or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and settle the
                         current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

            Dividend and interest income received by the Company or the Group may be subject to withholding tax imposed in the
            country of origin. Dividend and interest income is recorded gross of such taxes and the corresponding withholding tax is
            recognised as tax expense.


      (t)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal
            or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will
            be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
            provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
            reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
            more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
            remote.

            An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations
            under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous
            contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net
            cost of continuing with the contract.




122
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(u)   Revenue recognition
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
      at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
      services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the
      Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is
      estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount
      of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
      subsequently resolved.

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
      the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
      the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
      between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
      provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
      includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where
      the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less,
      the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in
      HKFRS 15.


      Construction services
      Revenue is recognised when the control over the residential and commercial projects has been transferred to the
      customer. At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group transfers control of the residential and
      commercial projects over time or at a point in time by determining if:

      —     its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group;

      —     the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

      The residential and commercial projects undertaken by the Group do not have an alternative use for the Group due to
      contractual restriction and the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Accordingly, revenue is recognised only when the legal title passes to the buyer or when the equitable interest in the
      property vests with the buyer upon signing of the property handover notice by the buyer, whichever is earlier.

      Revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under the contract. Estimates of revenues, costs or extent of
      progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated
      revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in the which the circumstances that give rise to the
      revision become known by management.




                                                                                                                                      123
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (u)   Revenue recognition (continued)
            Provision of consultancy and management services
            Revenue from the provision of consultancy and management services is recognised over the scheduled period on a
            straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


            Revenue from other sources
            Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not depend
            on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


            Other income
            Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
            discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
            appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
            that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
            measured reliably.


      (v)   Contract assets
            A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the Group
            performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment
            is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to
            impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets as
            described in note 2(l).


      (w) Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received a
            consideration (or an amount of consideration that is due) from the customer. If a customer pays the consideration before
            the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a
            payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
            liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.


      (x)   Contract costs
            Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs
            incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

            (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

            (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
                  performance obligations in the future.

            (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

            The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis that
            is consistent with the transfer to the customer if the goods or services to which the asset relates is recognised. Other
            contract costs are expensed as incurred.




124
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(y)   Translation of foreign currencies
      Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.
      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
      end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from foreign
      currency borrowings used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation which are recognised in other comprehensive
      income.

      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
      the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value
      was measured.

      The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating to the foreign
      exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items, including goodwill arising
      on consolidation of foreign operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the
      closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised
      in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve. Goodwill arising on
      consolidation of a foreign operation acquired before 1 January 2005 is translated at the foreign exchange rate that applied
      at the date of acquisition of the foreign operation.

      On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
      is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.


(z)   Borrowing costs
      Borrowing costs are expensed in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred, except to the extent that they are
      capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes
      a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.


(aa) Government grants
      Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
      and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
      on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.




                                                                                                                                      125
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (ab) Non-current assets and disposal group held for sale and discontinued operations
      (i)    Non-current assets held for sale
             A non-current asset (or disposal group) is classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that its carrying amount will
             be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the asset (or disposal group) is available
             for sale in its present condition. A disposal group is a group of assets to be disposed of together as a group in a single
             transaction, and liabilities directly associated with those assets that will be transferred in the transaction.

             When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all the assets and liabilities of that
             subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the above criteria for classification as held for sale are met, regardless
             of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the subsidiary after the sale. The relevant asset can be
             classified as current asset if it meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale.

             Immediately before classification as held for sale, the measurement of the non-current assets (and all individual
             assets and liabilities in a disposal group) is brought up-to-date in accordance with the accounting policies before the
             classification. Then, on initial classification as held for sale and until disposal, the non-current assets (except for certain
             assets as explained below), or disposal groups, are recognised at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less
             costs to sell. The principal exceptions to this measurement policy so far as the financial statements of the Group and
             the Company are concerned are deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets (other than
             investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) and investment properties. These assets, even if held for sale,
             would continue to be measured in accordance with the policies set out elsewhere in note 2.

             Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale, and on subsequent remeasurement while held for sale, are
             recognised in profit or loss. As long as a non-current asset is classified as held for sale, or is included in a disposal group
             that is classified as held for sale, the non-current asset is not depreciated or amortised.


      (ii)   Discontinued operations
             A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows of which can be clearly
             distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of
             operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

             Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified
             as held for sale (see (i) above), if earlier. It also occurs if the operation is abandoned.

             Where an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented on the face of the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss, which comprises:

             —     the post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation; and

             —     the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement of fair value less costs to sell, or on the disposal, of the
                   assets or disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation.




126
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(ac) Fair value measurement
     The Group measures its investment properties, trading securities, derivative financial instruments, financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss and equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income at fair
     value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
     a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
     based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
     market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset
     or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset
     or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
     assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
     benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
     asset in its highest and best use.

     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available
     to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
     within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement as a whole:

     Level 1 — Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
               assets or liabilities at the measurement date

     Level 2 — Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using
               significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

     Level 3 — Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
     whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation at the end of each
     reporting period.


(ad) Related parties
     For the purposes of these financial statements, a party is considered to be related to the Group if:

     (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

           (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

           (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

           (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




                                                                                                                                      127
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      (ad) Related parties (continued)
           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                          fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of
                          a Group of which the other entity is a member);

                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                          related to the Group;

                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                          personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                          the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
           by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


      (ae) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from the
           financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
           resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
           similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production
           processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the
           nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
           share a majority of these criteria.


      3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
           The Group has adopted the following new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current
           year’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKAS 21                   The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability

           The nature and the impact of the new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are applicable to the Group are
           described below:

           Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability, specify when
           a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not, and how an entity determines a spot rate when a
           currency lacks exchangeability. Under the amendments, entities are required to provide additional disclosures to help
           users evaluate how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, its financial performance,
           financial position and cash flows. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements.




128
                                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




4.   TURNOVER, INCOME FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS, INVESTMENTS AND OTHER SOURCES
     Turnover disclosed in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents the aggregate of service fee income, sales
     of inventories, interest income, dividend income, rental income from investment properties, rental income from finance
     leases and gross sale proceeds from disposal of trading securities of secondary market investments, in which the
     turnover of derivatives is defined as the absolute net profit or loss.

     Income from contracts with customers, investments and other sources recognised during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000

      Income from contracts with customers
      Recognised over time
        Management fee income                                                                   71,612             148,795
        Rental income from investment properties                                               206,464             212,998
      Recognised at a point in time
        Consultancy fee and performance fee income                                              28,221               35,062
        Sales of inventories                                                                    15,623               10,269

                                                                                               321,920             407,124

      Net income/(loss) from investments
      Interest income
        Financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss
        Bank deposits                                                                           64,101             112,229
        Advances to customers                                                                  211,679             344,850
        Debt investments                                                                        86,565              98,959
      Dividend income
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and trading securities         1,513,692             992,160
        Equity investments designated at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                                   322,503             299,232
      Realised (loss)/gain on investments
        Net realised (loss)/gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      (172,915)            32,802
        Net realised gain on trading securities                                                 166,536            119,014
      Unrealised loss on investments
        Change of unrealised loss on financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                              (1,279,725)         (2,100,782)
        Change of unrealised gain on trading securities                                          85,765              49,945
      Others
        Realised loss on disposal of an associate                                                     –               (2,202)

                                                                                               998,201               (53,793)

      (Loss)/income from other sources
        Net loss on revaluation of investment properties                                       (185,859)             (95,096)
        Rental income from finance leases                                                         1,377                 2,815
        Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                    279                (3,239)
        Exchange differences, net                                                               (94,941)              34,708
        Others                                                                                  165,572               88,864

                                                                                               (113,572)             28,052




                                                                                                                                 129
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

             Impairment losses on:
               — Advances to customers                                                           1,344,074            148,000
               — Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                         291,519            160,440
               — Finance lease receivables                                                           1,459             20,563
               — Inventories                                                                             –             29,613

                                                                                                 1,637,052            358,616


      6.   OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

             Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                 45,807             50,348
             Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                     1,497              1,831
             Auditor’s remuneration                                                                 14,070             13,660
             Management fee, consultancy fee, advisor fee and performance fee                       76,604             77,139
             Office expenses                                                                        18,893             21,082
             Bank charges                                                                           12,564             47,249
             Employee expenses (wages, bonuses and allowances)                                     228,678            249,926
             Legal and professional fee                                                             33,879             35,492
             Other operating expenses                                                              331,209            327,108

                                                                                                   763,201            823,835


      7.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

             Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                   898,251          1,337,878
             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                   1,943              1,251

                                                                                                   900,194          1,339,129


           The effective interest rate of bank loans and other borrowings was approximately 2.95% (2024: 4.11%) per annum during
           the year ended 31 December 2025.




130
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS
(a)   Directors’ emoluments:
      Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
      Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

      For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                        allowances                 Retirement
                                                         Directors’    and benefits Discretionary      scheme                 2025
                                                                fee         in kind      bonuses contributions                Total
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000               HK$’000

       Executive directors
       Lin Chun                                                    –           1,097                   –            50         1,147
       Pan Jianyun (note 1)                                        –           1,105                   –            63         1,168
       An Xuesong                                                  –           1,462                   –            64         1,526
       Su Yang (note 2)                                            –              56                   –             6            62
       Wang Yun (note 3)                                           –               –                   –             –             –
       Yin Yanwu (note 4)                                          –           1,167                   –            63         1,230

       Non-executive directors
       Yu Fachang (note 5)                                         –                –                  –              –            –
       Qin Hongyuan (note 6)                                       –                –                  –              –            –

       Independent non-executive directors
       Lin Zhijun                                               200              298                   –              –         498
       Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                    200              312                   –              –         512
       Wong Chun Sek Edmund                                     200              322                   –              –         522
       Young Danqing Xu (note 7)                                104              198                   –              –         302

                                                                704            6,017                   –           246         6,967

      Note:

      1.      Mr. Pan Jianyun was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 27 March 2025.

      2.      Dr. Su Yang was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 18 December 2025.

      3.      Ms. Wang Yun resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 27 March 2025.

      4.      Mr. Yin Yanwu resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 18 December 2025.

      5.      Mr. Yu Fachang resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 2 March 2026.

      6.      Dr. Qin Hongyuan resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 26 March 2026.

      7.      Dr. Young Danqing Xu was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 25 June 2025.




                                                                                                                                        131
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments: (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                  Salaries,
                                                                               allowances                 Retirement
                                                               Directors’     and benefits Discretionary      scheme                   2024
                                                                      fee          in kind      bonuses contributions                  Total
                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000                 HK$’000

             Executive directors
             Lin Chun (note 1)                                           –            1,637                   –           72           1,709
             An Xuesong (note 2)                                         –            1,462                   –           54           1,516
             Yin Yanwu                                                   –            1,366                   –           72           1,438
             Wang Yun                                                    –            1,396                   –           72           1,468
             Zhang Mingao (note 3)                                       –                –                   –            –               –

             Non-executive directors
             Yu Fachang                                                  –                 –                  –             –              –
             Qin Hongyuan (note 4)                                       –                 –                  –             –              –
             Pan Wenjie (note 5)                                         –                 –                  –             –              –
             Fang Bin (note 6)                                           –                 –                  –             –              –

             Independent non-executive directors
             Lin Zhijun                                               200               364                   –             –            564
             Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                    200               378                   –             –            578
             Wong Chun Sek Edmund (note 7)                            155               236                   –             –            391
             Chung Shui Ming Timpson (note 8)                          79               172                   –             –            251

                                                                      634             7,011                   –          270           7,915

            Note:

            1.      Mr. Lin Chun was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            2.      Mr. An Xuesong was appointed as an Executive Director with effect from 5 April 2024.

            3.      Mr. Zhang Mingao was resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            4.      Dr. Qin Hongyuan was appointed as a Non-executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            5.      Ms. Pan Wenjie was resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 22 March 2024.

            6.      Mr. Fang Bin was resigned as a Non-executive Director with effect from 4 January 2024.

            7.      Mr. Wong Chun Sek Edmund was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 22 March 2024.

            8.      Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson was retired as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 23 May 2024.




132
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




8.    DIRECTORS’ AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
(b)   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000

       Salaries and other emoluments                                                              9,507               9,449
       Special reward and deferred bonuses                                                          384                 653
       Retirement scheme contributions                                                              195                 186

                                                                                                 10,086             10,288


                                                                                                   2025               2024

       Number of directors                                                                            –                   –
       Number of employees                                                                            5                   5

                                                                                                      5                   5


      Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                             Number of individuals
                                                                                                   2025               2024

       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                   1                   2
       HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                   4                   3

                                                                                                      5                   5


      During the year, no emoluments were paid to the five highest paid individuals (including directors and employees) as an
      inducement to join the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil).

      Bonus payment is determined pursuant to the incentive schemes and relevant policies of the Group.




                                                                                                                                133
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      9.   INCOME TAX EXPENSES/(CREDIT)
           The provision for Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for
           the year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is calculated at the appropriate current rates of taxation in the relevant tax
           jurisdictions.

           The amount of taxation recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

             Current taxation
               — Hong Kong profits tax                                                                   12,151              27,008
               — Overseas taxation                                                                      209,465             298,033
               — Under-provision in prior years                                                          11,113               4,103
             Deferred taxation
               — Deferred taxation relating to the origination and
                 reversal of temporary differences                                                     (155,212)           (642,410)

             Income tax expenses/(credit)                                                                  77,517          (313,266)


           Reconciliation between income tax expenses/(credit) and accounting loss at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

             Loss before taxation                                                                    (1,657,095)         (2,177,925)

             Calculated at the rates applicable to loss in the tax jurisdictions concerned             (484,486)           (595,736)
             Tax effect of income not subject to taxation                                            (1,558,207)         (1,070,125)
             Tax effect of expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                              2,131,928           1,453,177
             Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised losses                                 (2,631)              (5,022)
             Tax effect of tax losses and other deductible temporary
               differences not recognised                                                               (20,200)            (99,663)
             Under-provision of taxation in prior years                                                  11,113               4,103

             Income tax expenses/(credit)                                                                  77,517          (313,266)


           The Company is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules
           (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

           From 1 January 2025, the Group is liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum
           Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in the Hong Kong SAR and certain other
           jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-up tax has not been implemented, including the Chinese Mainland.

           The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the top-up tax and accounted
           for the tax as current tax when incurred.


      10. PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS
           Profit for the year of the Company attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$255,076,000 (2024: profit
           attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$175,995,000) has been dealt with in the financial statements of
           the Company.




134
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




11. DIVIDENDS
(a)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

       — Interim dividend declared and paid of HK$0.05
          (2024: HK$0.05) per share                                                                    84,263           84,263
       — Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting
          period date of HK$0.05 (2024: HK$0.05) per share                                             84,262           84,262

                                                                                                  168,525             168,525


      The Board proposed a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$0.05 per
      share). The proposed final dividend is not reflected as dividend payable in the financial statements.


(b)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
      year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

       — Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
          approved and paid during the year, of HK$0.05
          (2024: HK$0.10) per share                                                                    84,262         168,525


12. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                  2025                                     2024
                                                     Before tax       Tax    Net of tax   Before tax           Tax    Net of tax
                                                       amount       credit    amount        amount           credit    amount
                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

       Net movement in investment revaluation
         reserve of equity investments designated
         at fair value through other comprehensive
         income                                       (495,637)         –     (495,637)   1,539,717              –    1,539,717
       Share of other comprehensive income and
         effect of foreign currency translation
         of associates                                  69,628          –       69,628     (204,121)             –     (204,121)
       Share of other comprehensive income and
         effect of foreign currency translation
         of joint ventures                              17,807          –       17,807      (19,022)             –      (19,022)
       Other net movement in exchange reserve          299,493          –      299,493     (445,337)             –     (445,337)

                                                      (108,709)         –     (108,709)     871,237              –      871,237




                                                                                                                                   135
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      13. LOSS PER SHARE
            Basic and diluted loss per share
            The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 is based on the loss attributable
            to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$2,007,723,000 (2024: loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
            Company of HK$1,909,019,000) and the weighted average number of 1,685,253,712 shares (2024: 1,685,253,712
            shares) in issue during the year.


      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                        Interests in
                                          leasehold
                                           land held    Buildings                   Furniture,
                                             for own      held for                   fixtures,       Other
                                         use under       own use                   equipment     properties
                                          operating        carried     Leasehold   and motor     leased for               Investment
                                               leases      at cost improvements      vehicles      own use      Total      properties
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000

             Cost or valuation:
             At 1 January 2024             480,857        61,854        113,352        89,307      117,450     862,820     5,584,819
             Additions                           –             –              –         1,616       45,412      47,028         13,147
             Disposals                           –             –              –        (6,428)     (16,954)    (23,382)       (55,424)
             Net loss on revaluation             –             –              –             –            –           –        (95,096)
             Exchange adjustments           (4,979)            –         (1,840)         (453)        (749)     (8,021)     (118,159)

             As at 31 December 2024         475,878       61,854        111,512        84,042      145,159     878,445     5,329,287

             Representing:
             Cost                           475,878       61,854        111,512        84,042      145,159     878,445             –
             Professional valuation               –            –              –             –            –           –     5,329,287

                                            475,878       61,854        111,512        84,042      145,159     878,445     5,329,287

             Cost or valuation:
             At 1 January 2025              475,878       61,854        111,512        84,042      145,159     878,445     5,329,287
             Additions                            –            –            –           1,606       53,887      55,493             –
             Disposals                            –            –            –          (2,305)     (35,192)    (37,497)            –
             Net loss on revaluation              –            –            –               –            –           –      (185,859)
             Exchange adjustments             5,753            –          1,872           480        1,511       9,616       131,530

             As at 31 December 2025         481,631       61,854        113,384        83,823      165,365     906,057     5,274,958

             Representing:
             Cost                           481,631       61,854        113,384        83,823      165,365     906,057             –
             Professional valuation               –            –              –             –            –           –     5,274,958

                                            481,631       61,854        113,384        83,823      165,365     906,057     5,274,958




136
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

                                   Interests in
                                     leasehold
                                      land held    Buildings                    Furniture,
                                        for own      held for                    fixtures,        Other
                                    use under       own use                    equipment      properties
                                     operating        carried     Leasehold    and motor      leased for                 Investment
                                          leases      at cost improvements       vehicles       own use       Total       properties
                                       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000

       Accumulated depreciation:
       At 1 January 2024               144,107       24,317          59,967        77,601         92,861    398,853                –
       Charge for the year                7,782       1,430           5,695          4,914        30,527      50,348               –
       Written back on disposals              –           –               –         (6,398)      (16,179)    (22,577)              –
       Exchange adjustments              (2,214)       (170)           (888)          (276)         (620)      (4,168)             –

       As at 31 December 2024          149,675       25,577          64,774        75,841       106,589     422,456                –

       At 1 January 2025               149,675       25,577          64,774        75,841       106,589     422,456                –
       Charge for the year               7,745        1,431           5,002         3,959        27,670      45,807                –
       Written back on disposals             –            –               –        (2,212)      (34,627)    (36,839)               –
       Exchange adjustments              2,858           28           1,303           (65)        1,036       5,160                –

       As at 31 December 2025          160,278       27,036          71,079        77,523       100,668     436,584                –

       Net book value:
       As at 31 December 2025          321,353       34,818          42,305         6,300        64,697     469,473       5,274,958

       As at 31 December 2024          326,203       36,277          46,738         8,201        38,570     455,989       5,329,287


(b)   The Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings and investment properties situated in Hong Kong and Chinese
      Mainland were appraised as at 31 December 2025 by RHL Appraisal Limited, Savills Real Estate Valuation (Guangzhou)
      Limited and Knight Frank Petty Limited, independent professional valuers who have, among their staff fellows of the
      Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors or the China Institute of Real Estate Appraisers and Agents, recent experience in the
      location and category of property being valued. These properties were appraised on an open market basis and investment
      properties are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at market value.

      As at 31 December 2025, had the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings, which were carried at cost less
      accumulated depreciation, been carried at fair value, their carrying amount would have been HK$602,037,000 (2024:
      HK$797,900,000). Since such fair value is determined using significant unobservable inputs, it will be categorised as
      Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

      The fair value of the Group’s interests in leasehold land and buildings in Hong Kong and Chinese Mainland is determined
      using the direct comparison approach based on prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable
      properties. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the properties which include the size, scale, nature,
      character and location. Premiums or discounts will be applied based on characteristics of the properties.




                                                                                                                                       137
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (b)   (continued)
            In the opinion of the Directors, the Group’s existing use of its interest in leasehold land and buildings equates to the
            highest and best use of the assets.

            Investment properties of HK$4,386,014,000 (2024: HK$4,376,684,000) of the Group are rented out under operating
            leases; HK$652,450,000 (2024: HK$689,702,000) are under construction and will be rented out upon completion of the
            construction.

            All properties held under operating leases that would otherwise meet the definition of investment properties are
            classified as investment properties.

            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group did not acquire any assets through
            business combination.

            The analysis of the net book value by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                      Note            HK$’000            HK$’000

             Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
               depreciated cost in Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:             (i)
               — 50 years or more                                                                     227,157             229,331

                                                                                                      227,157             229,331

             Interests in leasehold land held for own use, carried at
               depreciated cost outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:        (i)
               — between 10 and 50 years                                                               94,196              96,872

                                                                                                       94,196              96,872

             Other properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                          64,697              38,570

                                                                                                       64,697              38,570

             Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value in
               Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
               — 50 years or more                                                                      11,100              10,100

                                                                                                       11,100              10,100

             Interests in leasehold investment properties, at fair value
               outside Hong Kong, with remaining lease term of:
               — between 10 and 50 years                                                            5,263,858           5,319,187

                                                                                                    5,263,858           5,319,187


      (i)   Interests in leasehold land held for own use
            The Group is the registered owner of these property interests. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire
            leasehold land from their previously registered owners, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the
            land leases, other than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant government authorities.




138
                                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
(c)    Fair value measurement of properties
(i)    Fair value hierarchy
       The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s properties measured at the end of the reporting period on a
       recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
       The levels into which a fair value measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
       significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique are as follows:

       •         Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                 for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

       •         Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                 not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

       •         Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                   Fair value measurements categorised into
                                                                               Fair value              Level 1        Level 2          Level 3
                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

           Recurring fair value measurement

           Investment properties:
           As at 31 December 2025                                              5,274,958                          –                        –             5,274,958
           As at 31 December 2024                                              5,329,287                          –                        –             5,329,287


       During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: Nil). The Group’s policy
       is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


(ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                         Relationship of unobservable
                                   Valuation technique   Unobservable input                                    Range     inputs to fair value
           Investment property     Direct comparison     Premium/(discount) on characteristic                0% to 3%    The higher the premium,
             — Hong Kong             approach              of the properties                       (2024: -16% to -2%)     the higher the fair value.
           Investment properties   Direct comparison     Weighted average price                           RMB5,860 to    The higher the weighted average price per
             — Chinese Mainland      approach              per square meter                                 RMB36,573      square meter, the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                   (2024: RMB5,860 to
                                                                                                           RMB36,573)
                                   Income approach       Discount rate                                     5% to 7.5%    The higher the discount rate,
                                                                                                  (2024: 5.3% to 6%*)      the lower the fair value.
                                                         Occupancy rate                                  69% to 100%     The higher the occupancy rate,
                                                                                                (2024: 64% to 100%*)       the higher the fair value.
                                                         Rental growth rate                                  1% to 9%    The higher the rental growth rate,
                                                                                                    (2024: 1.5% to 4%)     the higher the fair value.
                                                         Capitalisation rate                               5% to 5.5%    The higher the capitalisation rate,
                                                                                                    (2024: 3.5% to 4%)     the lower the fair value.

       *         Certain investment properties in Chinese Mainland were fully developed at year-end, and the Group has changed its valuation
                 techniques for these investment properties accordingly.




                                                                                                                                                                      139
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
      (c)    Fair value measurement of properties (continued)
      (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
             The fair value of investment property in Hong Kong is determined using the direct comparison approach to value the
             property in the existing state, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession and by making
             reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the property which
             included the location, size, shape, view, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively.

             The fair value of investment properties in Chinese Mainland is determined by multiple approaches including direct
             comparison approach and income approach, and uses the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession
             and by making reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the
             properties which included the location, size, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively. Higher
             premiums for properties with better characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.

             The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

              Investment properties
                At 1 January                                                                          5,329,287           5,584,819
                Additions                                                                                     –               13,147
                Disposals                                                                                     –              (55,424)
                Net loss on revaluation of investment properties                                       (185,859)             (95,096)
                Exchange adjustments                                                                    131,530            (118,159)

              At 31 December                                                                          5,274,958           5,329,287


             Net loss on revaluation of investment properties is recognised as part of the “(Loss)/income from other sources” (note 4)
             in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




140
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
    The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of
    the Group.

                                                                                Particulars of
                                                                                  issued and      Percentage of
                                        Place of                              paid up capital/   equity interest
                                        incorporation/                             registered           held by
     Name of subsidiary                 operation        Class of shares               capital    the Company      Principal activities

     CEL Venture Capital (Shenzhen)     The PRC   #
                                                         Not applicable     HK$5,170,000,000              100%     Provision of investment
       Limited                                                                                                       advisory services and
                                                                                                                     investment

     CEL Management Services Limited Hong Kong           Ordinary                    2 Shares             100%     Provision of management
                                                                                        HK$2                         services

     China Everbright Assets            Hong Kong        Ordinary            5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of asset
       Management Limited                                                       HK$5,000,000                       management services

     China Everbright Finance Limited   Hong Kong        Ordinary          100,000,000 Shares             100%     Money lending
                                                                              HK$100,000,000

     China Everbright Financial         Hong Kong        Ordinary            1,000,000 Shares             100%     Investment
       Investments Limited                                                      HK$1,000,000

     China Everbright Industrial        Cayman Islands   Ordinary               10,000 Shares             100%     Investment
       Investment Holdings Limited                                                 US$10,000

     China Everbright Investment        Hong Kong        Ordinary            5,000,000 Shares             100%     Provision of investment
       Management Limited                                                       HK$5,000,000                         management services

     Fortunecrest Investment Limited    British Virgin   Ordinary                     1 Share             100%     Property investment
                                          Islands                                       US$1

     Janco Development Limited          Hong Kong        Ordinary                    2 Shares             100%     Property investment
                                                                                        HK$2

     光大匯益偉業投資管理(北京)                     The PRC*         Not applicable      RMB125,300,000               100% 1 Project investment
      有限公司

     光大控股(江蘇)投資有限公司                     The PRC#         Not applicable    RMB4,000,000,000               100%     Investment

     宜興光控投資有限公司                         The PRC*         Not applicable    RMB3,100,000,000               100% 1 Project investment

     Everbright (Qingdao) Investment    The PRC#         Not applicable      US$160,000,000               100%     Investment
       Co., Limited

     成都光控西部創業投資有限公司                     The PRC*         Not applicable      RMB500,000,000               100% 1 Investment




                                                                                                                                             141
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                         Particulars of
                                                                                           issued and      Percentage of
                                                Place of                               paid up capital/   equity interest
                                                incorporation/                              registered           held by
             Name of subsidiary                 operation          Class of shares              capital    the Company      Principal activities

             上海光控嘉鑫股權投資管理有限公司 The PRC*                             Not applicable     RMB100,000,000               100% 1 Fund management

             青島光晟投資有限公司                         The PRC#           Not applicable       US$50,000,000              100% 1 Investment

             上海光控股權投資管理有限公司                     The PRC*           Not applicable    RMB1,835,000,000              100% 1 Investment

             CEL Israel Holdings Limited        British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                                  Islands                                        US$1

             China Everbright Global Investment Hong Kong          Ordinary           5,000,000 Shares             100% 1 Provision of advisory
               Advisors Company Limited                                                  HK$5,000,000                       services

             Everbright Hero GP Limited         Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Fund management
                                                                                                 US$1

             Everbright Hero, L.P.              Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          90.16% 1 Investment

             光控投資管理(上海)有限公司                     The PRCΔ           Not applicable     RMB200,000,000               100% 1 Provision of investment
                                                                                                                            management services

             Diamond Wealth Global Limited      British Virgin     Ordinary                100 Shares              100% 1 Investment holding
                                                  Islands                                     US$100

             Pioneer Act Investments Limited    British Virgin     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                                  Islands                                        US$1

             CEL Global Investment LP Limited   Cayman Islands     Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Investment holding
                                                                                                 US$1

             CEL Elite Limited                  Hong Kong          Ordinary                    1 Share             100% 1 Treasury management
                                                                                                 HK$1

             北京光控浦益創業投資有限公司                     The PRC*           Not applicable     RMB310,000,000               100% 1 Fund management

             China Golden Opportunities Fund III, Cayman Islands   Not applicable        Not applicable          75.09% 1 Investment
               L.P.

             CEL New Economy Fund, L.P.         Cayman Islands     Not applicable        Not applicable          64.84% 1 Investment

             湖南光控星宸股權投資合夥企業                     The PRC◇           Not applicable    RMB5,100,000,000            50.94% 1 Investment
              (有限合夥)




142
                                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                      Particulars of
                                                                                        issued and         Percentage of
                                            Place of                                paid up capital/      equity interest
                                            incorporation/                               registered              held by
            Name of subsidiary              operation          Class of shares               capital       the Company          Principal activities

            江蘇溧陽光控股權投資合夥企業                  The PRC ◇          Not applicable    RMB2,000,000,000                49.91%     1
                                                                                                                                Investment
             (有限合夥)

            贛州光控蘇區高質量發展產業                   The PRC◇           Not applicable    RMB2,500,000,000                33.31% 1 Investment
             投資基金(有限合夥)

            廣州光控穗港澳青年創業股權                   The PRC◇           Not applicable    RMB1,000,000,000                 39.8% 1 Investment
             投資合夥企業(有限合夥)
      (1)
                Subsidiaries held indirectly.
      #
                Limited liability companies (wholly-foreign-owned enterprise) registered under PRC law.
      ∆
                Limited liability companies (equity joint venture enterprise) registered under PRC law.
      *         Limited liability companies registered under PRC law.
      ◇
                Limited partnership enterprises registered under PRC law.


      The list of subsidiaries above included certain consolidated structured entities of which the Group has capital
      commitment of HK$2,790,281,000 (2024: HK$2,029,493,000) to provide capital to support the operating and investing
      activities. The Group has no intention and did not provide any other financial support to these consolidated structured
      entities during the year.

      Acquisition of non-controlling interests
      During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no material acquisition of non-controlling interests.


16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
(a)   Investments in associates

                                                                                                                   2025                         2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                      HK$’000

            Carrying value, net (note)                                                                        17,899,983                   17,017,451

            Market value of shares listed in Chinese Mainland                                                 19,947,638                   20,221,961
            Market value of shares listed in Hong Kong                                                         1,309,390                    1,017,470


      As at 31 December 2025, the share of profits less losses of associates, amounted to HK$429,383,000 (2024:
      HK$3,544,000) included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      Note:

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s net carrying value of its investment in Everbright Jiabao Co., Ltd (“Everbright Jiabao”), an associate
      of the Group, amounted to HK$850,671,000 (2024: HK$1,262,039,000).

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group performed an impairment testing on the investment on the basis of the amount recoverable from
      the associates with reference to the fair value of the underlying assets held by the associates and this demonstrated that the recoverable
      amount of the investment was higher than the carrying value as at 31 December 2025. The Group has concluded no additional or reversal
      of impairment loss is required for the year.




                                                                                                                                                        143
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
      (b)   As at 31 December 2025, particulars of the principal investments in associates of the Group are as
            follows:

                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                Place of                                                              equity interest
                                                                incorporation/                                                               held by
                 Name of associate                              operation             Principal activities                             the Company

                 Everbright Securities Company Limited      #
                                                                The PRC               Securities operations (note 1)                           20.73%
                   (“Everbright Securities”)

                 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings          Cayman Islands        Investment holding (note 2)                              37.89%*
                   Limited## (“CALC”)

                 Everbright Jiabao###                           The PRC               Real estate development/real estate                      29.17%*
                                                                                        asset management (note 3)

                 China Everbright Senior Healthcare             Hong Kong             Providing senior health care services                    49.29%*
                   Company Limited (“Everbright                                         (note 4)
                   Senior Healthcare”)

            #
                       Market value of the listed shares in Chinese Mainland as at 31 December 2025 was equivalent to HK$18,575,872,000 (2024:
                       HK$18,696,295,000).
            ##
                       Market value of the listed shares in Hong Kong as at 31 December 2025 was HK$1,309,390,000 (2024: HK$1,017,470,000).
            ###
                       Market value of the listed shares in Chinese Mainland as at 31 December 2025 was equivalent to HK$1,371,766,000 (2024:
                       HK$1,525,666,000).
            *          Held indirectly
            Note 1:    Everbright Securities is the Group’s cornerstone investment, with an investment cost of HK$1,497,149,000 (2024:
                       HK$1,497,149,000).
            Note 2:    CALC is the Group’s key investee engaged in providing full life-cycle aircraft leasing solutions.
            Note 3:    Everbright Jiabao is the Group’s major investee engaged in real estate development and asset management in Chinese Mainland.
            Note 4:    Everbright Senior Healthcare is the Group’s key investee to provide integrated senior health care services including elderly health
                       care, geriatric treatment, rehabilitation and community services in Chinese Mainland.


            All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




144
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
(c)   Supplementary financial information of the principal associates
      Supplementary financial information in respect of an individually material associate extracted from its financial statements
      is as follows:

                                                                                                  Everbright Securities
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

       Gross amounts of the associate
       Current assets                                                                          273,485,579         264,806,471
       Non-current assets                                                                       78,733,819           51,460,515
       Current liabilities                                                                    (244,785,182)       (208,836,990)
       Non-current liabilities                                                                 (26,826,408)         (32,665,119)
       Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                            (12,179,327)         (10,259,338)
       Non-controlling interests                                                                  (973,263)            (899,913)

       Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the associate                              67,455,218          63,605,626

       Operating income                                                                         11,845,674          10,527,358

       Profit from operating activities                                                          4,101,932            3,384,363
       Other comprehensive income                                                                 (404,859)             471,229
       Total comprehensive income                                                                3,697,073            3,855,592

       Dividend received from the associate                                                        228,131              389,484

       Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate
       Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                             67,455,218          63,605,626
       Group’s effective interest                                                                  20.73%              20.73%
       Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                             13,986,402          13,188,214

       Carrying amount in the Group’s consolidated financial statements                         13,986,402          13,188,214


      Aggregate information of the associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

       Aggregate carrying amount of associates that are not individually material
         in the consolidated statement of financial position                                     3,913,581            3,829,237

       Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates:
         Loss for the year                                                                        (325,618)            (604,125)
         Other comprehensive income                                                               (205,012)              (16,208)

         Total comprehensive income                                                               (530,630)            (620,333)




                                                                                                                                     145
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      17. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
      (a)   Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000

            Carrying value, net                                                                                     747,531                729,803


      (b)   As at 31 December 2025, details of the Group’s principal investments in joint ventures are as
            follows:

                                                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                           Place of                                                                 equity interest
                                                           incorporation/                                                              held by the
                Name of joint venture                      operation             Principal activities                                    Company

                Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd.    The PRC               Venture capital and investment advisory                     50.0%*
                                                                                   services (note 1)

                山東玖泰產業私募基金有限公司                             The PRC               Fund management services (note 2)                           48.0%*
                 (Formerly known as 山東高速
                 光控產業投資基金管理有限公司)

                CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management      The PRC               Assets management services (note 3)                         49.0%*
                  Co., Ltd.

            *         Held indirectly


            As at 31 December 2025, the share of profits less losses of joint ventures, amounted to HK$7,420,000 (2024: share of
            losses of HK$41,272,000) included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

            Note 1: Wuxi Ronghong Guolian Capital Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group to provide investment advisory services to a joint venture
                    fund in Chinese Mainland.
            Note 2: 山東玖泰產業私募基金有限公司 (Formerly known as 山東高速光控產業投資基金管理有限公司) is a joint venture of the Group to
                    provide fund management services to an industrial sector investment fund in Chinese Mainland.
            Note 3: CEL Capital Prestige Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a joint venture of the Group and an asset management institution established
                    under approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission.


            All of the above joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




146
                                                                                                        CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025




18. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000

        At fair value:
        Listed equity securities
          — outside Hong Kong                                                                           6,076,978             6,572,616


    The Group designated the investment in China Everbright Bank Company Limited (“China Everbright Bank”) as financial
    assets at fair value through other comprehensive income because the Group intends to hold for the long-term strategic
    purposes. The investment cost of the Group’s investment in China Everbright Bank is HK$1,407,189,000 (2024:
    HK$1,407,189,000).

    No disposal was made during the year ended 31 December 2025, and there were no transfers of any cumulative gain or
    loss within equity relating to this investment (2024: Nil).


19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000

        Non-current assets
        At fair value:
          Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                        14,888,692            15,851,841
          Unlisted preference shares
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                          5,035,294             5,844,212
          Unlisted debt securities
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                            412,839               336,436

                                                                                                      20,336,825            22,032,489

        Current assets
        At fair value:
          Listed equity securities
           — in Hong Kong                                                                               1,251,170               756,031
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                          1,459,977               785,926
          Unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes*
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                          2,698,749             3,558,998
          Unlisted debt securities
           — outside Hong Kong                                                                             26,256               117,439

                                                                                                        5,436,152             5,218,394

    *       Included in the balance of unlisted equity securities/collective investment schemes are the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
            structured entities amounting to HK$14,447,849,000 (2024: HK$15,542,694,000).




                                                                                                                                              147
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (continued)
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s listed and unlisted equity securities and collective investment schemes amounting
           to a fair value of HK$14,895,027,000 (2024: HK$16,868,249,000) were investments in associates and joint ventures. The
           Group was exempted from applying the equity method to these investments and they were measured as financial assets
           at fair value through profit or loss.

           As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had certain unlisted financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss recorded at a purchase price which was below the fair value at inception that would be determined at that
           date using a valuation technique. According to the Group’s accounting policy, the difference yet to be recognised in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss at the beginning and the end of the year is as follows:

                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000

             As at 1 January                                                                               7,110           7,129
             Released during the year                                                                     (7,135)               –
             Exchange adjustment                                                                              25              (19)

             As at 31 December                                                                                 –           7,110



      20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000

             Current assets
             Term loans to customers
               — secured                                                                              4,102,357        1,178,525
               — unsecured                                                                            1,602,404        2,983,517

             Total term loans to customers                                                            5,704,761        4,162,042

             Less: Impairment allowance                                                              (2,455,588)       (1,102,700)

             Net carrying value                                                                       3,249,173        3,059,342


           Certain term loans to customers are secured by unlisted securities or leasehold land and properties in Hong Kong and
           Chinese Mainland with third parties guarantees.

           Certain advances to customers are provided to related parties. Details are stated in note 36(b).




148
                                                                                               CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025




20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (continued)
    Term loans to customers are categorised into the following internal credit risk grades:

    The Group classifies the credit risk levels of term loans to customers into “Low” (credit risk in excellent condition),
    “Medium” (credit risk in normal condition), and “High” (credit risk in severe condition), based on the quality of loans. The
    credit risk level is used for the purpose of the Group’s internal credit risk management.

    “Low” refers to borrowers with excellent credit quality, or bridge loans with tenor less than 6 months. There is no
    sufficient reason to doubt the obligations to repay or there are no other behaviours breaching the debt contracts that
    would significantly impact on the repayment. “Medium” refers to borrowers who are currently meeting their repayment
    obligations and full repayment of interest and principal is not in doubt. “High” refers to borrowers who are vulnerable to
    non-payment according to the debt contract terms, or having significant impact on the repayment of debt according to
    contract terms. “Default” is triggered when a repayment obligation is in default; or borrowers are in the stage of filing of
    a bankruptcy petition or taking of similar action.

    Analysis of the gross carrying amounts of term loans by the Group’s internal credit rating and year end classification are
    as follows:


    As at 31 December 2025

                                                             Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
     Internal rating grade                                   HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

     Medium                                                          –                –                  –                  –
     High                                                            –        2,756,804                  –          2,756,804
     Default                                                         –                –          2,947,957          2,947,957

                                                                     –        2,756,804          2,947,957          5,704,761


    As at 31 December 2024

                                                             Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3              Total
     Internal rating grade                                   HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

     Medium                                                         –                 –                  –                  –
     High                                                           –         1,266,270                  –          1,266,270
     Default                                                        –                 –          2,895,772          2,895,772

                                                                    –         1,266,270          2,895,772          4,162,042




                                                                                                                                   149
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      20. ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (continued)
           Analysis of the gross carrying amount and the corresponding impairment allowance are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3           Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2024                                   5,854         1,697,398         2,333,606       4,036,858
             New assets originated or purchased                         –           450,126                  –        450,126
             Assets derecognised or repaid                         (5,854)         (242,667)              (210)      (248,731)
             Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3                           –          (605,001)          605,001                –
             Exchange difference                                        –            (33,586)          (42,625)        (76,211)

             As at 31 December 2024 and
               1 January 2025                                           –         1,266,270         2,895,772       4,162,042
             New assets originated or purchased                         –         1,528,799                 –       1,528,799
             Assets derecognised or repaid                              –           (65,719)          (13,879)        (79,598)
             Exchange difference                                        –            27,454            66,064          93,518

             As at 31 December 2025                                     –         2,756,804         2,947,957       5,704,761


           The movements in the impairment allowance on term loans to customers are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3           Total
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000

             As at 1 January 2024                                       5          334,923           631,357          966,285
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                                 (5)        (243,479)         391,484          148,000
             Exchange difference                                         –            (4,514)          (7,071)         (11,585)

             As at 31 December 2024 and
               1 January 2025                                           –            86,930         1,015,770       1,102,700
             Other changes (including new assets
               and derecognised assets)                                 –          581,577           762,497        1,344,074
             Exchange difference                                        –           (2,576)           11,390            8,814

             As at 31 December 2025                                     –          665,931          1,789,657       2,455,588


           Except for the above impairment allowance of HK$2,455,588,000 (2024: HK$1,102,700,000), there were no other
           significant loans to customers, that were aged, requiring significant impairment provision as at 31 December 2025 and
           2024.




150
                                                                                            CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000

     Properties under development                                                             135,529          132,189
     Completed properties                                                                   1,310,655        1,340,618

                                                                                            1,446,184        1,472,807


22. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHERS
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000

     Accounts receivable                                                                      554,890          492,122
     Deposits, prepayments, interest and other receivables and others                       1,706,095        1,731,198

                                                                                            2,260,985        2,223,320
     Less: Impairment allowance                                                              (967,305)        (677,724)

                                                                                            1,293,680        1,545,596


    Accounts receivable are mainly amounts due from brokers, collectable in cash within one year and divestment proceeds
    receivable.

    The carrying amount of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others approximated to their fair value as at 31 December
    2025 and 2024.

    Their impairment allowance was assessed with reference to the credit status of the debtors, and impairment allowance
    of HK$967,305,000 was recognised as at 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$677,724,000).

    Interest receivable from advances to customers of HK$965,027,000 (2024: HK$837,959,000) is included within “Debtors,
    deposits, prepayments and others”. Impairment allowance on interest receivable from advances to customers as at 31
    December 2025 was HK$559,598,000 (2024: HK$267,911,000). The Group applies a three-stage approach to measure
    the expected credit loss allowance for interest receivable in accordance with HKFRS 9.

    The movements in the impairment allowance for debtors, deposits, and others are as follows:

                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3       Total
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000

     As at 1 January 2024                                               –         30,353          486,931     517,284
     Other changes (including new assets and
       derecognised assets)                                             –          1,278          159,162     160,440

     As at 31 December 2024
       and 1 January 2025                                               –         31,631          646,093     677,724
     Other changes (including new assets and
       derecognised assets)                                             –          8,806          282,713     291,519
     Exchange difference                                                –           (237)          (1,701)     (1,938)

     As at 31 December 2025                                             –         40,200          927,105     967,305




                                                                                                                           151
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. TRADING SECURITIES
                                                          2025         2024
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000

           Current assets
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                          29,355       55,178
                — outside Hong Kong                     47,378        2,973

             Listed debt securities
               — in Hong Kong                           504,651      922,064
               — outside Hong Kong                    2,393,092    1,774,621

             Unlisted debt securities                   48,119       60,594
             Listed funds                                    –        1,320

             Derivatives
               — listed                                    139            5
               — unlisted                               25,949       13,351

                                                      3,048,683    2,830,106

           Current liabilities
           At fair value:
             Listed equity securities
                — in Hong Kong                         (453,921)    (168,002)
                — outside Hong Kong                    (217,429)    (172,486)

             Listed debt securities
               — outside Hong Kong                            –       (6,151)

             Derivatives
              — listed                                     (382)         (63)
              — unlisted                                (56,654)     (31,666)

                                                       (728,386)    (378,368)




152
                                                                                         CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025




24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

      Cash on hand, savings and current accounts                                         7,935,949           7,810,665
      Fixed deposits with banks                                                            567,904             611,460

      Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of
        financial position                                                               8,503,853           8,422,125
      Less: Restricted cash                                                                (30,916)             (32,107)

      Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows              8,472,937           8,390,018


    Restricted bank balances of HK$30,916,000 (31 December 2024: HK$32,107,000) were pledged to banks for sales of
    mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings.


25. CREDITORS, DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND ACCRUED CHARGES
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

      Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                   2,892,942           2,574,238


26. BANK LOANS
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

      Maturity details are as follows:
       Within 1 year                                                                     7,247,619           9,300,158
       1 to 2 years                                                                      4,680,605             120,290
       2 to 5 years                                                                        234,948           3,604,161
       Over 5 years                                                                        306,523             359,944

                                                                                        12,469,695         13,384,553


    As at 31 December 2025, the bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

      Bank loans:
        — secured                                                                          811,814            891,969
        — unsecured                                                                     11,657,881         12,492,584

                                                                                        12,469,695         13,384,553


    As at 31 December 2025, the bank loans were secured by:

    (a)   Mortgage over certain investment properties with carrying value of approximately HK$2,347 million (31 December
          2024: approximately HK$2,289 million).




                                                                                                                           153
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      27. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                              Note                  HK$’000                HK$’000

             Current:
             Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)                 538,654                437,378

             Non-current:
             Financial liabilities to third party investors                                     (a)               6,019,309              6,441,964

           (a)    Financial liabilities to third party investors were incurred by the Group’s fund management business. The Group issues fund
                  units to third party investors to raise funds through the establishment of investment funds. After the end of the exit period of
                  the investment funds (or the period extended pursuant to the fund agreements and approved by the investors), the Group shall
                  distribute the principal of the fund units and the return thereof to the investors pursuant to the fund agreements, provided that the
                  distribution amount shall be determined in accordance with the fund’s performance. The Group does not guarantee the principal
                  and return of third party investors’ interests in the investment funds.



      28. BONDS PAYABLE
                                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000

             As at 1 January                                                                                     16,737,985             13,793,500
             New issuance during the year                                                                         3,321,450              9,363,230
             Repayments during the year                                                                          (3,321,450)            (6,042,625)
             Exchange adjustment                                                                                    422,840               (376,120)

             As at 31 December                                                                                   17,160,825             16,737,985


                                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000

           Maturity details are as follows:
            Within 1 year                                                                                         4,428,600              3,239,610
            1 to 2 years                                                                                          3,875,025              4,319,480
            2 to 5 years                                                                                          8,857,200              9,178,895

                                                                                                                 17,160,825             16,737,985


           All the bonds payable of HK$17,160,825,000 were unsecured as at 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$16,737,985,000).




154
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




29. DEFERRED TAXATION
    The movements in the deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                           Fair value adjustment
                                             for financial assets
                                            at fair value through         Withholding tax on
                                              profit or loss and           subsidiaries’ and
                                           investment properties           associates’ profit                   Total
                                              2025           2024           2025           2024            2025           2024
                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

     At 1 January                           (895,463)    (1,562,602)      (474,688)      (474,691)     (1,370,151)   (2,037,293)
     Credited/(charged) to profit or
       loss                                  209,669        642,407        (54,457)              3       155,212        642,410
     Exchange adjustments                     21,622         24,732              –               –        21,622         24,732

     At 31 December                         (664,172)      (895,463)      (529,145)      (474,688)     (1,193,317)   (1,370,151)


    In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(s), the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets, in
    respect of tax losses of approximately HK$3,405 million (2024: approximately HK$3,362 million), as it is not probable that
    future taxable profits against which the tax losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant entities. The tax losses
    do not expire under current tax legislation except for those incurred by entities registered in the PRC where tax losses
    can be carried forward for 5 years from the year in which such losses are incurred.


30. LEASE LIABILITIES
    The Group as a lessee
    The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

     As at 1 January                                                                                  38,522             23,866
     Additions                                                                                        53,886             45,412
     Disposal                                                                                           (548)              (775)
     Interest expense                                                                                  1,943              1,251
     Payments                                                                                        (32,768)           (31,859)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                              1,654                627

     As at 31 December                                                                                62,689             38,522

     Analysed into:
       Current portion                                                                                19,728             20,473
       Non-current portion                                                                            42,961             18,049




                                                                                                                                     155
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      31. SHARE CAPITAL
      (a)   Share capital
                                                                            2025                                 2024
                                                               No. of shares                        No. of shares
                                                                       (’000)          HK$’000              (’000)          HK$’000

             Ordinary shares issued and fully paid:
             At 1 January and at 31 December                       1,685,254          9,618,097         1,685,254          9,618,097


            The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
            per share at general meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual
            assets.

      (b)   Capital management
            The Group’s primary objectives in capital management are maximising shareholders’ return, matching of business
            funding needs and maintaining the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management regularly, or as changes
            in circumstances warrant, reviews and manages the Group’s capital structure so as to maintain a proper balance amongst
            shareholders’ returns, leveraging and funding requirement.

            Adjusted net debt is defined as total debt, which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings, notes payable and
            bonds payable, plus unaccrued proposed dividends less cash and cash equivalents.

            Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity, less unaccrued proposed dividends. In order to maintain or adjust
            the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, raise new debt financing
            or sell assets to reduce debt.

            The adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

             Current liabilities
               Bank loans                                                                              7,247,619           9,300,158
               Bonds payable                                                                           4,428,600           3,239,610

                                                                                                     11,676,219           12,539,768
             Non-current liabilities
              Bank loans                                                                              5,222,076            4,084,395
              Bonds payable                                                                          12,732,225           13,498,375

             Total debt                                                                              29,630,520           30,122,538
             Add: Proposed dividend                                                                      84,262               84,262
             Less: Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows             (8,472,937)          (8,390,018)

             Adjusted net debt                                                                       21,241,845           21,816,782

             Total equity                                                                            32,141,192           32,650,071
             Less: Proposed dividend                                                                    (84,262)              (84,262)

             Adjusted capital                                                                        32,056,930           32,565,809

             Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                                             66%                 67%




156
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




31. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
(b)   Capital management (continued)
      As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s liquidity remained healthy. The addition of financial resources is mainly attributable
      to returns, through divestments and dividends, from investments. During the year, the Group has also made ongoing
      investments over advances to customers, trading securities and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. To
      enhance shareholders’ returns, the Group continues to seek new investment opportunities while maintaining a healthy
      capital structure.

      The Company is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject
      to regulatory imposed capital and liquid capital requirements (see also note 39(b)). These subsidiaries have complied with
      those requirements at all time during both the current and prior financial years.


32. PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
                                                                            Principal        Distribution              Total
                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000

       As at 1 January 2024                                                 2,184,880              24,686           2,209,566
       Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                          –             78,993              78,993
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                          –            (78,929)            (78,929)

       As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                            2,184,880              24,750           2,209,630
       Issuance of perpetual medium term notes                              1,644,255                   –           1,644,255
       Profit attributable to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                          –             82,911              82,911
       Distribution to holders of perpetual
         capital securities                                                          –            (78,981)            (78,981)

       As at 31 December 2025                                               3,829,135              28,680           3,857,815

      In 2023, the Company issued perpetual medium term notes with the principal amount of RMB 2,000,000,000 (equivalent
      to approximately HK$2,184,880,000). The distribution rate for the perpetual medium term notes is 3.60% per annum for
      the first 3 years from the date of issuance (i.e., 8 September 2026), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset
      in every 3 calendar years. The distribution of perpetual medium term notes is accrued in accordance with the distribution
      rate and such distribution shall be payable annually in arrears on 8 September of each year.

      In 2025, the Company issued perpetual medium term notes with the principal amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (equivalent
      to approximately HK$1,644,225,000). The distribution rate for the perpetual medium term notes is 2.17% per annum for
      the first 2 years from the date of issuance (i.e., 17 November 2027), and subsequently the distribution rate will be reset
      in every 2 calendar years. The distribution of perpetual medium term notes is accrued in accordance with the distribution
      rate and such distribution shall be payable annually in arrears on 17 November of each year.

      The perpetual medium term notes have no maturity and the payments of distribution can be deferred into perpetuity at
      the discretion of the Company. The instruments could only be redeemed at the option of the Company. In substance, the
      perpetual medium term notes were considered as perpetual capital securities.




                                                                                                                                   157
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  Notes           HK$’000             HK$’000

             Non-current assets
               Investments in subsidiaries                                         15            10,934,101          9,164,164
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     16,666,845         16,471,215
               Investment in an associate                                                         1,497,149          1,497,149
               Investment in a joint venture                                                              –              1,143
               Equity investments designated at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                                                        6,076,978          6,572,616

                                                                                                 35,175,073         33,706,287

             Current assets
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     16,536,810         17,969,092
               Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                                            319,462            316,448
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                            955,139            447,971

                                                                                                 17,811,411         18,733,511

             Current liabilities
               Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       (6,086,169)         (6,020,326)
               Bank loans                                                                        (6,464,290)         (8,400,000)
               Bonds payable                                                                     (4,428,600)         (3,239,610)
               Creditors, deposits received and accrued charges                                    (311,918)           (332,307)

                                                                                                (17,290,977)        (17,992,243)

             Net current assets                                                                     520,434            741,268

             Total assets less current liabilities                                               35,695,507         34,447,555

             Non-current liabilities
              Bank loans                                                                         (2,275,005)          (1,500,000)
              Bonds payable                                                                     (12,732,225)        (13,498,375)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                             (333,963)            (333,963)

                                                                                                (15,341,193)        (15,332,338)

             NET ASSETS                                                                          20,354,314         19,115,217

             CAPITAL AND RESERVES
              Share capital                                                        31             9,618,097          9,618,097
              Reserves                                                             34             6,878,402          7,287,490
              Perpetual capital securities                                         32             3,857,815          2,209,630

             TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        20,354,314         19,115,217


           Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2026 and signed on behalf of the Board by:




           Lin Chun                                                  An Xuesong
           Director                                                  Director



158
                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




34. RESERVES
(a)     The movements in the Company’s reserves during the year are as follows:

                                                                                   Investment
                                                                        Share      revaluation        Retained
                                                                       capital         reserve        earnings          Total
                                                        Note          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

         As at 1 January 2024                                        9,618,097       3,625,710       2,198,856      15,442,663

         Dividends paid                                   11                  –              –        (252,788)       (252,788)
         Profit for the year                                                  –              –         175,995         175,995
         Other comprehensive income for the year                              –      1,539,717               –       1,539,717

         As at 31 December 2024 and
           1 January 2025                                            9,618,097       5,165,427       2,122,063      16,905,587
         Dividends paid                                   11                 –               –        (168,525)       (168,525)
         Profit for the year                                                 –               –         255,076         255,076
         Other comprehensive income for the year                             –        (495,639)              –        (495,639)

         As at 31 December 2025                                      9,618,097       4,669,788       2,208,614      16,496,499


(b)     Nature and purpose of reserves
(i)     Investment revaluation reserve
        The investment revaluation reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
        designated at fair value through other comprehensive income held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in
        accordance with the accounting policies in note 2(f).


(ii)    Exchange reserve
        The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
        of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange differences arising from hedges of the net
        investments in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in
        note 2(y).


(iii)   Goodwill reserve
        The goodwill reserve comprises goodwill on acquisitions that occurred prior to 1 January 2001. The reserve is dealt with
        in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(e).


(iv)    Capital reserve
        The capital reserve comprises specific allocation of amounts transferred from retained earnings due to regulatory
        requirements. It also includes the share of statutory reserves of associates.


(v)     Distributability of reserves
        As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the
        Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), was
        HK$2,208,614,000 (2024: HK$2,122,063,000). After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final
        dividend of HK$0.05 per share (2024: HK$0.05 per share), amounting to HK$84,262,000 (2024: HK$84,262,000) (note
        11). This dividend has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                    159
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      35. MATURITY PROFILE
           The maturity profile of the Group’s certain financial instruments as at the end of the financial year, based on the
           contractual discounted payments, is as follows:

           As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                              3 to
                                                                          Less than     less than                           Over
                                               Indefinite   On demand     3 months     12 months      1 to 5 years       5 years          Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000

             Liabilities
               — Bank loans                            –             –            –     (7,247,619)    (4,915,553)       (306,523)   (12,469,695)
               — Other financial liabilities           –      (500,296)     (38,358)             –     (1,959,479)     (4,059,830)    (6,557,963)
               — Trading securities             (728,386)            –            –              –              –               –       (728,386)
               — Bonds payable                         –             –            –     (4,428,600)   (12,732,225)              –    (17,160,825)
               — Lease liabilities                     –             –       (2,880)       (16,848)       (42,961)              –        (62,689)

                                                (728,386)     (500,296)     (41,238)   (11,693,067)   (19,650,218)     (4,366,353)   (36,979,558)


           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                              3 to
                                                                          Less than     less than                           Over
                                               Indefinite   On demand     3 months     12 months      1 to 5 years       5 years          Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000

             Liabilities
               — Bank loans                            –             –            –     (9,300,158)     (3,724,451)      (359,944)   (13,384,553)
               — Other financial liabilities           –      (437,378)           –              –      (2,394,774)    (4,047,190)     (6,879,342)
               — Trading securities             (378,368)            –            –              –                –             –        (378,368)
               — Bonds payable                         –             –            –     (3,239,610)   (13,498,375)              –    (16,737,985)
               — Lease liabilities                     –             –       (7,439)       (13,034)         (18,049)            –          (38,522)

                                                (378,368)     (437,378)      (7,439)   (12,552,802)   (19,635,649)     (4,407,134)   (37,418,770)




160
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(a)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions were
      entered with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000

      Management fee income from:
        — a joint venture                                                                                             –                   679
        — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
          recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                  45,211                 77,805
      Bank interest income from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                        4,846                 16,822
      Dividend income from:
        — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
          recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 214,696                836,906
        — a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                                            322,503                299,232
      Bank loans interest expense to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                  43,388                128,101
      Consultancy fee to an associate and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                              8,818                 10,375
      Custodian services fee to a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank*                                         294                    108
      Remuneration of key management personnel
        (including the Company’s directors):
        — short-term employee benefits                                                                           7,196                  7,648
        — retirement scheme contributions                                                                          282                    287

      *     These related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Rules 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                161
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      36. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, included in the consolidated statement
            of financial position are the following balances with related parties:

                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000

             Amounts due from associates and a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
               (included in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others)                                     5,008              55,884
             Bank deposits with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank
               (including bank deposit in trust accounts)                                               2,079,947          2,418,593
             Advances to:
               — associates exempted from applying the equity method and were
                 recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   2,210,503           2,182,717
               — an associate                                                                          2,756,804             971,883
             Bank loans from a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank                                 (1,200,000)         (2,000,000)
             Interests in collective investment schemes issued by a joint venture
               (included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss)                       416,822             977,725


            Amounts due from associates arising in the ordinary course of the securities trading business are unsecured, interest-
            bearing and repayable on demand.

            Bank deposits and loans with a fellow subsidiary/a related party bank arising from the ordinary course of business for
            corporate financing. The bank deposits earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The loans are
            unsecured, interest-bearing, and have a maturity within 1 year.

            All advances to associates arising in the ordinary course of the money lending business are interest-bearing and certain of
            them are secured and unsecured respectively.

            Interests in collective investment schemes are issued on market terms by a joint venture.


      (c)   Transactions with other PRC state-owned entities
            The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the PRC
            government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (“State-owned Entities”).
            Transactions with other State-owned Entities include, but are not limited to: lending and deposit taking; insurance and
            redemption of bonds issued by other State-owned Entities; purchase, sale and leases of properties and other assets;
            and rendering and receiving of utilities and other services. Among the above, transactions on lending and deposit taking,
            leases of properties and receiving utilities are continuous throughout the year and were conducted in the ordinary course
            of business, while the remaining types of transactions happened occasionally.

            The Group is of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that require separate
            disclosures.


      (d)   Certain related party transactions above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
            defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in
            the Directors’ Report.




162
                                                                                            CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025




37. COMMITMENTS
(a)   Capital commitments
      As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitments as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

       Contracted but not provided for:
         — consolidated structured entities                                                 2,790,281          2,029,493
         — unconsolidated structured entities                                                 584,528            975,203

                                                                                            3,374,809          3,004,696


      The above amounts included capital commitments to consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities as disclosed in
      note 15 and note 38 to the financial statements respectively.


(b)   As at 31 December 2025, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in the future periods under non-
      cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

       Within 1 year                                                                          189,522            206,409
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                        116,492            163,598
       After 2 years but within 3 years                                                        73,029             89,431
       After 3 years but within 4 years                                                        58,184             68,416
       After 4 years but within 5 years                                                        54,141             54,812
       After 5 years                                                                          109,662            155,766

                                                                                              601,030            738,432




                                                                                                                              163
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      38. INVOLVEMENT WITH UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
           The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but in which it holds an
           interest.

             Type of structured entity           Nature and purpose                             Interest held by the Group

             Investment funds                    To generate fees from managing assets          •    Management fees
                                                   on behalf of third party investors and       •    Investments held in the form
                                                   to make investment returns from                     of limited partnership
                                                   co-investing in the funds                           interest of the funds

             Collective investment schemes       These vehicles are financed through the        •    Investments in units issued
                                                   issue of units to investors                         by the structured entity

           As at 31 December 2025, the carrying value of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           amounted to HK$14,447,849,000 (2024: HK$15,542,694,000), which were recognised in financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           As at 31 December 2025, the carrying values of interests held by the Group in unconsolidated structured entities
           managed by the Group and not managed by the Group were HK$4,960,436,000 (2024: HK$4,620,792,000) and
           HK$9,487,413,000 (2024: HK$10,921,902,000) respectively.

           The maximum exposure to loss is the carrying value of the assets held.

           Other than the invested and committed capital, the Group has no intention to provide financial or other support to the
           structured entities.


      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Risk management is of fundamental importance to the business operation of the Group. The major types of risk inherent
           in the Group’s business are credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and equity price risk. The Group’s risk
           management objectives are to maximise shareholders’ value and to reduce volatility in earnings while maintaining risk
           exposures within acceptable limits.

           The Group’s work in the area of risk management is executed by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department and is led by the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance
           Department. This functional structure can assess, identify and document the Group’s risk profile to ensure that the
           business units focus, control and systematically avoid potential risks in various business areas. The following is a brief
           description of the Group’s approach in managing these risks.




164
                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk
      The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to advances to customers, accounts receivable, debt investments and
      unlisted derivative financial instruments.


      Credit risk management framework
      The Group has formulated a comprehensive set of credit risk management policies and procedures, and appropriate
      credit risk limits to manage and control credit risk that may arise. These policies, procedures and credit risk limits are
      regularly reviewed and updated to cope with the changes in market conditions and business strategies.

      The Group’s organisational structure establishes a clear set of authority and responsibility for monitoring compliance with
      policies, procedures and limits.

      The Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance who reports directly to the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee, takes charge of credit risk management and is also responsible for the control of
      credit risk exposures of the Group in line with the credit risk management principles and requirements set by the Group.

      Credit risk management is embedded within all business units of the Group. The first line of defense against undesirable
      outcomes is the business function and the respective line managers. Department heads of their own business areas
      take the lead role with respect to implementing and maintaining appropriate credit risk controls. Risk Management, Legal
      and Compliance Department, which is independent from the business units, is responsible for the management of credit
      risks and it is an ongoing process for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling credit risk to ensure effective
      checks and balances, as well as drafting, reviewing and updating credit risk management policies and procedures. It
      is also responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Group’s internal rating system and it ensures
      that the system complies with the relevant regulatory requirements. Credit risk is approved by the Vice President of the
      Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department and reported to Audit and Risk Management
      Committee quarterly.

      For advances to customers, generally collaterals would be advised to be pledged before advances are granted. The
      amount of advances permitted depends on the quality and value of collateral provided by the customer. Any subsequent
      change in value as well as quality of collateral is closely monitored in order to determine whether any corrective action is
      required.

      Accounts receivable mainly arise from the Group’s investment activities. Receivables from brokers and counterparties
      are normally repayable on demand. The Group has established procedures in the selection of brokers/counterparties with
      sound credit ratings and/or reputation.

      Investments in debt instruments and unlisted derivative financial instruments are also governed by whether the issuers
      and the trade counterparties respectively have sound credit ratings.

      The Group has well-defined policies in place on the setting and approval of trading, credit and investment position limits
      in order to manage its credit risk exposure and concentration. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group did not
      have a significant concentration of credit risk.




                                                                                                                                     165
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (continued)
            Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) Methodology
            The Group’s policy requires the review of individual outstanding amounts at least quarterly or more regularly depending
            on individual circumstances or market conditions.

            The Group has adopted HKFRS 9, where the impairment requirements under HKFRS 9 are based on an ECL model.
            The Group applies the general approach for impairment of financial assets. Under the general approach, financial assets
            migrate through the following three stages based on the change in credit risk since initial recognition: Stage 1: 12-month
            ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL — not credit-impaired and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.

            When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group incorporates
            both quantitative and qualitative assessment such as number of days past due, the Group’s historical experience, and
            market benchmark. When estimating the ECL on term loans to customers, the Group has incorporated forward-looking
            economic information through the use of industry trend and experienced credit judgement to reflect the qualitative
            factors, and through the use of probability-weighted scenarios. The measurement of ECL is the product of the financial
            instrument’s probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”) discounted at the
            effective interest rate to the reporting date. As at 31 December 2025, ECL of unsecured financial assets is measured
            based on PD at a range of 42.74% to 100% (31 December 2024: 25.98% to 100%) and LGD at a range of 11% to 76%
            (31 December 2024: 5% to 94%).

            ECL is measured at an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
            outcomes, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information about past events, current conditions
            and forecasts of future economic conditions. The Group adopts three economic scenarios in the ECL measurement to
            meet the requirements of HKFRS 9. The “Base” scenario represents a most likely outcome and the other two scenarios,
            referred to as the “Best” scenario and “Worse” scenario, represent less likely outcomes which are more optimistic or
            more pessimistic compared to the “Base” scenario.

            The probability assigned for each scenario reflects the Group’s view for the economic environment, which implements
            the Group’s prudent and consistent credit strategy of ensuring the adequacy of impairment allowance. A higher
            probability is assigned to the “Base” scenario to reflect the most likely outcome and a lower probability is assigned to
            the “Best” and “Worse” scenarios to reflect the less likely outcomes. The probabilities assigned are updated in each
            quarter.

            Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for approving ECL methodology. Risk Management, Legal and
            Compliance Department is responsible for the implementation and maintenance of ECL methodology including models
            review and parameters update on a regular basis. If there is any change in ECL methodology, the Group will go through a
            proper approval process.

            The maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held is represented by the carrying
            amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, at the end of the reporting period, deducting
            any impairment allowance.




166
                                                                                                                 CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(a)   Credit risk (continued)
      Maximum exposure and year-end staging
      The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
      which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
      year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2025. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial
      assets.

      As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                     12-month
                                                                                       ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                                        Note           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                                          20                     –     2,756,804         2,947,957        5,704,761
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                                                   763,690                –                –          763,690
            — Doubtful*                                                                       –           39,789        1,442,498        1,482,287
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                                           24          8,503,853                   –              –        8,503,853
          Finance lease receivables                                                          –                   –         65,532           65,532

                                                                                     9,267,543        2,796,593         4,455,987      16,520,123


      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                    12-month
                                                                                      ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                                        Note           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

          Advances to customers                                          20                     –     1,266,270         2,895,772        4,162,042
          Debtors and deposits
            — Normal*                                                                   850,749                –                –          850,749
            — Doubtful*                                                                       –           20,685        1,321,797        1,342,482
          Cash and cash equivalents
            — Not yet past due                                           24          8,422,125                   –              –        8,422,125
          Finance lease receivables                                                          –                   –         63,917           63,917

                                                                                     9,272,874        1,286,955         4,281,486      14,841,315

      *       The credit quality of the financial assets included in debtors and deposits is considered to be “normal” when they are not past
              due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
              Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                                                                                                          167
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk
            The Group’s policy is to regularly assess current and expected liquidity requirements and to ensure that it maintains
            reserves of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
            institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

            For subsidiaries with statutory liquidity requirements, the Group closely monitors their liquidity positions. To ensure strict
            compliance, the Group maintains adequate cash reserves to prepare for immediate fund injection if required. If there is a
            medium to long-term operational need, management would also consider adjusting those subsidiaries’ capital structure.
            Subsidiaries with external equity stakeholders are generally responsible for their own liquidity management.

            The following table details the remaining contractual maturities on the reporting date of the Group’s financial liabilities
            which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates
            or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to
            pay:

                                                                        2025                                                   2024
                                                                     Total                                                 Total
                                                               contractual     Within                                contractual      Within
                                                 Carrying    undiscounted    1 year or   More than     Carrying    undiscounted     1 year or   More than
                                                  amount        cash flows on demand        1 year      amount        cash flows on demand         1 year
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                   2,892,942      2,892,942    2,892,942            –    2,574,238      2,574,238     2,574,238            –
             Bank loans                         12,469,695     13,079,113    7,423,878    5,655,235   13,384,553     14,273,950     9,732,839    4,541,111
             Bonds payable                      17,160,825     18,032,282    4,829,898   13,202,384   16,737,985     17,840,225     3,656,405   14,183,820
             Trading securities                    728,386        728,386      728,386            –      378,368        378,368       378,368            –
             Other financial liabilities         6,557,963      6,557,963      538,654    6,019,309    6,879,342      6,879,342       437,378    6,441,964
             Lease liabilities                      62,689         66,368       21,266       45,102       38,522         39,707        21,426       18,281

                                                39,872,500     41,357,054   16,435,024   24,922,030   39,993,008     41,985,830    16,800,654   25,185,176


      (c)   Interest rate risk
            The Group monitors its interest rate exposure regularly to ensure that the underlying risk is monitored within an
            acceptable range.

            The Group’s interest rate positions arise from treasury and operating activities. Interest rate risk arises from treasury
            management, customer financing and investment portfolios. Interest rate risk primarily results from the timing differences
            in the repricing of interest-bearing assets, liabilities and commitments. Interest rate risk is managed by the Finance and
            Accounting Department under the delegated authority of the Board and is monitored by the Risk Management, Legal and
            Compliance Department. The instruments used to manage interest rate risk include time deposits and interest rate linked
            derivatives, if necessary.

            The Group is exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of its financial instruments will fluctuate as a
            result of changes in market interest rates. In respect of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments, the Group’s
            policy is to mainly transact in financial instruments that mature or reprice in the short to medium term. Accordingly, the
            Group would be subject to limited exposure to fair value or cash flow interest rate risk due to fluctuations in the prevailing
            levels of market interest rates.




168
                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(c)   Interest rate risk (continued)
      In respect of interest-bearing financial assets and financial liabilities at variable interest rates, the following table indicates
      their effective interest rates at the end of the reporting period. It is estimated that as at 31 December 2025, a general
      increase/decrease of 0.5% in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the
      Group’s loss before tax, by HK$23,793,000/HK$40,442,000 (2024: increase/decrease of the Group’s loss before tax by
      HK$16,177,000/HK$44,138,000 for increase/decrease of 0.5% in the interest rate).

      The above increase or decrease in the interest rate represents management’s assessment of a reasonable change in
      interest rates over the period until the end of the next reporting period. It is also assumed that all other variables remain
      constant. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2025.

                                                                          2025                                   2024
                                                                  Effective                              Effective
                                                              interest rate           HK$’000        interest rate           HK$’000

       Assets
       Advances to customers                                         8.74%          5,358,087               9.66%           3,862,046
       Cash and cash equivalents                                     0.34%          8,503,853               0.45%           8,422,125

       Total interest-bearing assets                                               13,861,940                              12,284,171

       Liabilities
       Bank loans                                                    3.35%         12,469,695               4.70%          13,384,553

       Total interest-bearing liabilities                                          12,469,695                              13,384,553


(d)   Currency risk
      The Group’s exposure to currency risk primarily stems from holding of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
      in foreign currencies, other than Hong Kong dollars and net investment in foreign operations. As most of the Group’s
      monetary assets and liabilities and net investment in foreign operations are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi,
      United States dollars and Singapore dollars, management is aware of the likely increase in volatility in these currencies
      and takes a balanced view when considering the management of currency risk.

      Overall, the Group monitors its currency exposure closely and would consider hedging significant currency exposure
      should the need arise.




                                                                                                                                            169
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (d)   Currency risk (continued)
            As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s exposure to currency risk arising from recognised assets and liabilities
            denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate is shown in the table
            below:

                                                                        2025                                            2024
                                                           In USD        In RMB           In SGD          In USD         In RMB           In SGD
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000
             Equity investments designated at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                              –     6,076,978                –               –     6,572,616                 –
             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                           2,058,814        861,351                –      2,087,956        274,228                 –
             Advances to customers                        135,697              –                –      1,165,635              –                 –
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                  161,346         16,344              –          341,954          17,836         10,991
             Trading securities                                 24              –              –            2,349               –              –
             Cash and cash equivalents                   1,059,061        261,481          6,320          696,334         395,654          6,111
             Bank loans                                 (4,875,005)    (4,264,690)             –                –      (2,684,553)             –
             Bonds payable                                       –    (17,160,825)             –                –    (16,737,985)              –
             Other financial liabilities                  (659,417)      (444,707)             –         (901,578)       (381,811)             –
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                            (323,659)     (305,152)               –        (258,523)      (312,735)               –

             Net exposure arising from recognised
              assets and liabilities                    (2,443,139)   (14,959,220)         6,320       3,134,127     (12,856,750)         17,102

            As at 31 December 2025, exposure at company level to currency risk arising from amounts due from subsidiaries
            denominated in Renminbi, United States dollars and Singapore dollars amounted to HK$10,321,726,000 (2024:
            HK$11,160,525,000), HK$960,268,000 (2024: HK$901,027,000) and HK$1,555,883,000 (2024: HK$1,430,355,000)
            respectively.

            An analysis of the estimated material change in the Group’s loss before tax and other components of consolidated equity
            in response to reasonably possible changes in the Renminbi’s exchange rate to which the Group has significant exposure
            at the end of the reporting period is presented in the following table.

                                                                        2025                                            2024
                                                                                        Effect on                                       Effect on
                                                          Increase/     Effect on           other        Increase/     Effect on            other
                                                        (decrease)           loss    components        (decrease)           loss     components
                                                      in exchange      before tax       of equity    in exchange      before tax        of equity
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000                        HK$’000          HK$’000

             Renminbi, RMB                                     1%       (210,362)          60,770             1%        (194,294)          65,726
                                                               1%        210,362          (60,770)           (1%)        194,294          (65,726)

            The above analysis assumes the change in the Renminbi’s exchange rate had occurred at the end of the reporting period
            and had been applied to each of the Group entities’ exposure to currency risk in existence at that date while all other
            variables remain constant. The stated changes also represent management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes
            in exchange rates until the end of the next reporting period. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the
            translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The Hong Kong dollar
            is pegged to the United States dollar and it is assumed that this situation will stay materially unaffected by any fluctuation
            of the United States dollar against other currencies. The analysis was performed on the same basis for 2024.




170
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(e)   Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments classified as trading securities (note 23),
      equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 18) and financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss (note 19). Other than unlisted securities held for medium to long-term purposes, all of these
      investments are listed.

      The Group’s investments in listed equity instruments are mainly listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange. Decisions to buy
      or sell trading securities rest with assigned investment team professionals and each investment portfolio is governed
      by specific investment and risk management guidelines. Independent daily monitoring of each portfolio against the
      corresponding guidelines is carried out by the Risk Management, Legal and Compliance Department. Listed equity
      instruments held in the equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss portfolio have been chosen based on their medium to long-term growth potential
      and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

      The performance of the Group’s investments in unquoted equity instruments is assessed periodically, based on the
      information available to the Group.

      The following table shows the approximate changes in the Group’s loss before tax (and retained earnings) in response to
      reasonable change in the value of the relevant listed and unlisted equity investments. The analysis was performed on the
      same basis for 2025:

                                                            2025                                         2024
                                                                            Effect on                                   Effect on
                                               Increase/    Effect on           other       Increase/    Effect on          other
                                             (decrease)          loss    components       (decrease)          loss   components
                                           in exchange     before tax       of equity   in exchange     before tax      of equity
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000                      HK$’000        HK$’000

       Listed equity investments                   10%       211,653         607,698            10%       125,962         657,262
                                                  (10%)     (211,653)       (607,698)          (10%)     (125,962)       (657,262)

       Unlisted equity investments                  5%        882,143              –             5%       970,542               –
                                                   (5%)      (882,143)             –            (5%)     (970,542)              –




                                                                                                                                     171
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      (f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
            Financial assets subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                                recognised        Net amounts of               Related
                                                                        financial liabilities     financial assets        amounts not
                                                                                  set off in         presented in             set off in
                                                Gross amounts of          the consolidated       the consolidated     the consolidated
                                                      recognised              statement of           statement of         statement of          Net
             Financial assets                     financial assets       financial position     financial position   financial position     amount
                                                         HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2025
             Trading securities                           2,539,983                        –            2,539,983             (293,490)    2,246,493
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                   327,606                        –             327,606                      –     327,606

             As at 31 December 2024
             Trading securities                           2,145,697                        –            2,145,697             (263,662)    1,882,035
             Debtors, deposits, prepayments
               and others                                   119,859                        –             119,859                      –     119,859


            Financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements

                                                                        Gross amounts of
                                                                               recognised     Net amounts of                   Related
                                                                          financial assets financial liabilities          amounts not
                                                                                 set off in      presented in                 set off in
                                                Gross amounts of         the consolidated    the consolidated         the consolidated
                                                       recognised            statement of        statement of             statement of          Net
             Financial liabilities              financial liabilities   financial position financial position        financial position     amount
                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000             HK$’000                  HK$’000      HK$’000

             As at 31 December 2025
             Trading securities                             626,790                        –             626,790              (293,490)     333,300
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                            1,129,788                        –            1,129,788                     –    1,129,788

             As at 31 December 2024
             Trading securities                             378,304                        –             378,304              (263,662)     114,642
             Creditors, deposits received and
               accrued charges                              608,538                        –             608,538                      –     608,538




172
                                                                                                           CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025




39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(f)   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
      Reconciliation to the net amount of financial assets and financial liabilities presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position

                                                      Financial assets      Carrying amounts          Financial assets
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated         not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of               offsetting
       Financial assets                                   disclosures        financial position             disclosure            Note
                                                             HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2025
       Trading securities                                    2,539,983               3,048,683                508,700               23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others               327,606               1,293,680                966,074               22

       As at 31 December 2024
       Trading securities                                    2,145,697               2,830,106                684,409               23
       Debtors, deposits, prepayments and others               119,859               1,545,596              1,425,737               22


                                                   Financial liabilities    Carrying amounts      Financial liabilities
                                                          in scope of      in the consolidated        not in scope of
                                                            offsetting            statement of              offsetting
       Financial liabilities                              disclosures        financial position            disclosure             Note
                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000               HK$’000

       As at 31 December 2025
       Trading securities                                      626,790                728,386                 101,596               23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                     1,129,788               2,892,942              1,763,154               25

       As at 31 December 2024
       Trading securities                                      378,304                378,368                       64              23
       Creditors, deposits received and
         accrued charges                                       608,538               2,574,238              1,965,700               25


      Notional amounts of derivatives contract
      The fair values and the contractual or notional amounts of the Group’s trading derivatives outstanding at 31 December
      2025 are detailed as follows:

                                                                       Fair value                                Contractual/
                                                                    assets/(liabilities)                       notional amounts
                                                                     2025                 2024                  2025           2024
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000

       Assets derivative contracts                                   26,087                 10,735             307,121        212,793
       Liabilities derivative contracts                             (57,037)               (28,147)          2,529,340      1,989,702


      The financial instruments become favourable (assets) or unfavourable (liabilities) as a result of fluctuations in market
      prices of the underlying instruments relative to their terms.

      Notional amounts of these financial instruments provide a basis for comparison with instruments recognised on the
      consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amount of future cash flows involved or
      the current fair value of the instruments and, therefore, are not a representation of the Group’s exposure to the credit or
      price risks.



                                                                                                                                         173
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
           period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair Value
           Measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
           observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e., unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                 for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

           •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and
                 not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

           •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

           The Group engages professional independent valuers to perform valuations of certain financial instruments, including
           financial assets at fair value through profit or loss categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The professional
           valuer reports directly to the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and
           the Audit and Risk Management Committee. Valuation reports with analysis of changes in fair value measurement are
           prepared by the professional valuers at each interim and annual reporting date, and are reviewed and approved by the
           Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management
           Committee. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Vice President of the Group in charge of Risk
           Management, Legal and Compliance and the Audit and Risk Management Committee is held twice a year to coincide
           with the reporting dates.

           In addition to the above valuers, the Group also makes reference to the valuation reports performed by other professional
           valuers to ascertain the fair values of certain investments with underlying interests in real estate investments and some
           other private equity investments.




174
                                                                             CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2025

                                                     Level 1      Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

     Recurring fair value measurement
     Assets
     Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income:
       — Listed equity securities                  6,076,978            –             –      6,076,978

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss:
       — Listed equity securities                  2,419,679     291,468              –      2,711,147
       — Unlisted equity securities/collective
        investment schemes                                 –            –    17,587,441     17,587,441
       — Unlisted preference shares                        –            –     5,035,294      5,035,294
       — Unlisted debt securities                          –            –       439,095        439,095

                                                   2,419,679     291,468     23,061,830     25,772,977

     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                    76,733             –             –         76,733
       — Listed debt securities                           –     2,897,743             –      2,897,743
       — Unlisted debt securities                         –        48,119             –         48,119
       — Listed derivatives                               –           139             –            139
       — Unlisted derivatives                             –        25,949             –         25,949

                                                     76,733     2,971,950             –      3,048,683

     Liabilities
     Trading securities:
       — Listed equity securities                   (671,350)           –             –       (671,350)
       — Listed derivatives                             (382)           –             –           (382)
       — Unlisted derivatives                              –      (56,654)            –        (56,654)

                                                    (671,732)     (56,654)            –       (728,386)




                                                                                                          175
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (continued)
           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

             Recurring fair value measurement
             Assets
             Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income:
               — Listed equity securities                            6,572,616                   –                 –       6,572,616

             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss:
               — Listed equity securities                            1,541,957                   –                 –       1,541,957
               — Unlisted equity securities/collective
                investment schemes                                            –                  –      19,410,839        19,410,839
               — Unlisted preference shares                                   –                  –       5,844,212         5,844,212
               — Unlisted debt securities                                     –                  –         453,875           453,875

                                                                     1,541,957                   –      25,708,926        27,250,883

             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                               58,151                 –                   –          58,151
               — Listed debt securities                                      –         2,696,685                   –       2,696,685
               — Listed derivatives                                          –                 5                   –               5
               — Listed funds                                            1,320                 –                   –           1,320
               — Unlisted debt securities                                    –            60,594                   –          60,594
               — Unlisted derivatives                                        –            13,351                   –          13,351

                                                                        59,471         2,770,635                   –       2,830,106

             Liabilities
             Trading securities:
               — Listed equity securities                              (340,488)                  –                –         (340,488)
               — Listed debt securities                                       –             (6,151)                –            (6,151)
               — Listed derivatives                                           –                 (63)               –                (63)
               — Unlisted derivatives                                         –           (31,666)                 –           (31,666)

                                                                       (340,488)          (37,880)                 –         (378,368)


           All financial instruments including financial instruments measured at amortised cost, were stated at fair value or carried at
           amounts not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




176
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
    As at 31 December 2025, one of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of
    HK$729,908,000 was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique
    that used significant unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value
    measurement of these equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    As at 31 December 2025, two of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair value of HK$291,468,000
    was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique that used significant
    unobservable inputs. As quoted price of the security is available and not using significant unobservable inputs for
    valuation, accordingly the equity security was transferred from Level 3 to Level 2. There were no other transfers between
    levels of the fair value hierarchy.

    As at 31 December 2024, one of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss with fair values of HK$732,484,000
    was previously determined to be Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy using a valuation technique that used significant
    unobservable inputs. As unadjusted quoted prices are available in the active market, the fair value measurement of these
    equity securities were accordingly transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

    During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level
    1 and Level 2.


    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements
    The fair value of listed and unlisted debt securities and derivatives in Level 2 is determined using broker quotes.


    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
    As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                Increase/         Favourable/
                                                                                            (decrease) in      (unfavourable)
                                    Significant                                            unobservable             impact on
     Valuation techniques           unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs        profit or loss
                                                                                                                      HK$’000

     Market comparable              Discount for lack of         20% to 30%                            5%              (97,268)
      companies                       marketability                                                   (5%)              97,268
                                    Market multiples             0.7 to 28                             5%              295,959
                                                                                                      (5%)            (295,959)




                                                                                                                                  177
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                       Increase/        Favourable/
                                                                                                   (decrease) in     (unfavourable)
                                           Significant                                            unobservable            impact on
             Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs          Range                             inputs       profit or loss
                                                                                                                            HK$’000

             Market comparable             Discount for lack of         20% to 30%                           5%             (177,188)
              companies                      marketability                                                  (5%)             177,188
                                           Control premium              0% to 25%                            5%                   306
                                                                                                            (5%)                 (306)
                                           Market multiples             0.8 to 21.5                          5%              251,089
                                                                                                            (5%)            (251,089)
                                           Probability of liquidation   10.00% to 10.00%                     5%               (19,355)
                                                                                                            (5%)               19,355


           Other than using the recent transaction approach as the valuation technique in determining the fair value of Level 3
           financial instruments, the valuation techniques in estimating the fair value of other financial instruments are described as
           follows:

           The fair value of unquoted equity investments is estimated using an appropriate combination of:

           (1)   making reference to capital statements, management information and valuation reports provided by third parties;

           (2)   deducing from prices recently paid for similar assets, quoted market prices in active markets and the financial
                 indicators of the transacted assets such as net book value and net operating profit; and

           (3)   applying, if possible, price to earnings (“P/E”) ratios, price to book (“P/B”) ratios, enterprise value to earnings
                 before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”) ratios and enterprise value to sales (“EV/
                 Sales”) ratios for similar listed companies adjusted to reflect the specific circumstances of the investments.

           The Group has certain shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, which are subject to restriction on
           sales for defined periods. The fair value measurement reflected the effect of such restriction with an adjustment to the
           quoted price of otherwise similar but unrestricted securities and the adjustment was referenced to put option models.

           The fair values of preference shares and debt securities are estimated using the equity allocation model and discounted
           future cash flows respectively. Future cash flows are estimated based on management’s best estimate of the amount
           it would receive or pay to terminate the contract at the end of the reporting period taking into account current market
           conditions. The discount rate used is a market rate for a similar instrument at the end of the reporting period. The fair
           value of an option contract is determined by applying an option valuation model such as the Black-Scholes valuation
           model. Inputs are based on market related data at the end of the reporting period.




178
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




40. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
    The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 financial instruments are as follows:

                                                    Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                  Unlisted
                                                                    equity
                                                                securities/      Unlisted
                                                    Listed       collective    convertible        Unlisted
                                                    equity     investment      preference             debt
                                                 securities       schemes          shares        securities       Total
                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000

     At 1 January 2024                             732,484      23,002,403       5,361,456        456,435     29,552,778
     Purchased                                           –         332,783               –              –        332,783
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss                      –      (3,604,493)       495,040            4,123    (3,105,330)
     Exchange adjustments                                –        (281,733)        (83,114)         (6,683)     (371,530)
     Disposals                                           –          (38,121)        70,830               –        32,709
     Reclassification                             (732,484)               –              –               –      (732,484)

     At 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025                                     –     19,410,839       5,844,212        453,875     25,708,926
     Purchased                                            –      1,016,386               –              –      1,016,386
     Net unrealised gains or loss
       recognised in profit or loss                       –     (2,853,848)       (626,771)        (22,674)   (3,503,293)
     Exchange adjustments                                 –        309,821          75,579           7,894       393,294
     Disposals                                            –       (145,847)        (42,589)              –      (188,436)
     Reclassification                                     –       (149,910)       (215,137)              –      (365,047)

     At 31 December 2025                                  –     17,587,441       5,035,294        439,095     23,061,830




                                                                                                                            179
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Reconciliation of loss before taxation to net cash flows from operating activities:

                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000

             Loss before taxation                                                        (1,657,095)   (2,177,925)
               Interest income on bank deposits                                             (64,101)     (112,229)
               Interest expenses                                                            900,194     1,339,129
               Dividend income                                                             (322,503)     (299,232)
               Share of profits less losses of joint ventures                                (7,420)       41,272
               Share of profits less losses of associates                                  (429,383)        (3,544)
               Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                        45,807        50,348
               Realised loss on disposal of an associate                                          –          2,202
               Net deficit on revaluation of investment properties                          185,859        95,096
               (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
                and investment properties                                                     (279)        3,239
               Impairment loss on advances to customers                                  1,344,074       148,000
               Impairment loss on finance lease receivables                                  1,459        20,563
               Impairment loss of inventories                                                    –        29,613
               Impairment loss of debtors, deposits, prepayments and others                291,519       160,440

             Cash inflow/(outflow) before working capital changes                           288,131     (703,028)
               Increase in finance lease receivables                                              –         (2,587)
               (Increase)/decrease in debtors, deposits, prepayments and others             (39,603)     223,069
               Decrease in inventories                                                       25,164        26,919
               Decrease in trading securities                                               131,441      227,210
               Increase in advances to customers                                         (1,458,895)    (194,852)
               Decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          2,011,110    3,111,923
               Decrease in other financial liabilities                                     (527,953)    (267,677)
               Increase/(decrease) in creditors, deposits received and accrued charges      343,126     (454,839)
               Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                    (3,383)      (24,604)
               Overseas profits tax paid                                                   (223,741)    (250,100)

             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                     545,397     1,691,434




180
                                                                                                    CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025




41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
(b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net      exchange     Dividend              31 December
                                                          2025    cash flows     movement      declared      Other          2025
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    13,384,553     (982,677)       67,819            –          –     12,469,695
       Dividend payable                                       –     (168,525)            –      168,525          –              –
       Bonds payable                                 16,737,985            –       422,840            –          –     17,160,825
       Lease liabilities                                 38,522      (32,768)        1,654            –     55,281         62,689

       Total liabilities from financing activities   30,161,060   (1,183,970)      492,313      168,525     55,281     29,693,209


                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     1 January           Net      exchange     Dividend              31 December
                                                          2024    cash flows     movement      declared      Other          2024
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

       Bank loans                                    18,603,608   (5,168,980)       (50,075)          –          –     13,384,553
       Dividend payable                                       –     (252,788)             –     252,788          –              –
       Bonds payable                                 13,793,500    3,320,605       (376,120)          –          –     16,737,985
       Lease liabilities                                 23,866       (31,859)          810           –     45,705         38,522

       Total liabilities from financing activities   32,420,974   (2,133,022)      (425,385)    252,788     45,705     30,161,060




                                                                                                                                    181
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group manages and conducts the majority of its business activities by business units. Operating segments
           are reported in a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior
           management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


           Fund Management Business
           Fund management business refers to the business that the Group raises funds from external investors and deploys
           the Group’s seed capital into specific clients, applies its professional knowledge and experience to make investment
           decisions on the capital according to laws, regulations and the fund’s prospectus, while seeking to maximise gains for
           investors. The fund management business is comprised of primary market investment, secondary market investment
           and Fund of Funds investment (“FoF”).

           •     Primary market investment: Investment in unlisted equity securities or equity derivatives with equity position
                 for participating in the ongoing management of these companies, and with an ultimate objective of capital gain
                 on investee’s equity listing or through other exit channels. Areas of investments include new economy, artificial
                 intelligence and advanced manufacturing, new energy, medical care and senior healthcare, overseas acquisition
                 and infrastructure, real estate, aircraft industry chain, consumer market, wealth management and others.

           •     Secondary market investment: Provides a diversified range of financial services, including asset management,
                 investment management and investment advisory activities. Products include absolute return funds, bond funds
                 and equity funds.

           •     Fund of Funds investment or “FoF”: FoF invested in both funds initiated and managed by the Group as well as
                 external funds with proven track records of performance and governance. FoF can provide one-stop solution that
                 offers liquidity and potential returns for mega-size institutions.


           Principal Investments Business
           The Group makes full use of its own capital to make the following three types of investments to promote the
           development of the fund management business and to optimise its income structure. They are:

           •     Key investee companies: Focusing on aircraft leasing, artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) and elderly care industry
                 platforms;

           •     Financial investments: Investing in equity, debts, structured products and other products; and

           •     Cornerstone investments: The Group’s stake in China Everbright Bank and Everbright Securities contributing
                 relative stable earnings and dividend income.




182
                                                                                                                                      CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments
      For the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                  Fund Management Business                   Principal Investments Business
                                                               Primary      Secondary        Fund of          Key                                  Reportable
                                                                Market         Market          Funds      Investee       Financial   Cornerstone    segments
                                                           Investments    Investments    Investments    Companies     Investments    Investments         total      Total
                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000

          Income from contract with customers                   58,621         30,330         10,570             –        222,399              –      321,920      321,920
          Income from investments                             (102,034)       406,620        189,725      (194,334)       375,721        322,503      998,201      998,201
          Income from other sources                              3,117          1,427              –             –       (118,116)             –     (113,572)    (113,572)

          Total income                                         (40,296)       438,377        200,295      (194,334)       480,004        322,503    1,206,549    1,206,549

          Segment operating results                         (1,545,397)       320,414        184,115      (324,953)        73,065        322,503     (970,253)    (970,253)
          Unallocated head office and
            corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                  (1,123,645)
          Share of profits less losses of associates          (410,889)             –              –        78,814          6,457        755,001      429,383       429,383
          Share of profits less losses of joint ventures         7,484              –              –             –            (64)             –        7,420         7,420

          (Loss)/profit before taxation                     (1,948,802)       320,414        184,115      (246,139)        79,458      1,077,504     (533,450)   (1,657,095)

          Less: Non-controlling interests                         862         (85,454)           (90)            –       (105,518)             –     (190,200)

          Segment results                                   (1,947,940)       234,960        184,025      (246,139)       (26,060)     1,077,504     (723,650)

          Other segment information:
          Interest income                                      224,599         89,222          5,680        28,197         14,647              –      362,345
          Impairment losses recognised in
            the statement of profit or loss                  1,391,393              –              –       130,619        115,040              –    1,637,052

      *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                 operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                 basis as HKFRS Accounting Standards.




                                                                                                                                                                               183
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (a)   Business segments (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                        Fund Management Business                    Principal Investments Business
                                                                     Primary       Secondary        Fund of          Key                                    Reportable
                                                                      Market          Market          Funds      Investee       Financial     Cornerstone    segments
                                                                 Investments     Investments    Investments    Companies     Investments      Investments         total        Total
                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

                Income from contract with customers                   98,069          30,252         62,334             –        216,469                –      407,124       407,124
                Income from investments                             (185,500)        302,005        (75,190)      391,323       (785,663)         299,232       (53,793)      (53,793)
                Income from other sources                                  –          27,946              –             –            106                –        28,052        28,052

                Total income                                         (87,431)        360,203        (12,856)      391,323       (569,088)         299,232      381,383       381,383

                Segment operating results                           (366,809)        242,062        (32,386)      353,287      (1,027,727)        299,232     (532,341)      (532,341)
                Unallocated head office and
                  corporate expenses*                                                                                                                                      (1,607,856)
                Share of profits less losses of associates          (509,236)              –              –       (81,242)        (13,647)        607,669        3,544           3,544
                Share of profits less losses of joint ventures        (41,245)             –              –             –              (27)             –      (41,272)        (41,272)

                (Loss)/profit before taxation                       (917,290)        242,062        (32,386)      272,045      (1,041,401)        906,901     (570,069)    (2,177,925)

                Less: Non-controlling interests                       73,694         (89,310)             –             –         50,249                –       34,633

                Segment results                                     (843,596)        152,752        (32,386)      272,045       (991,152)         906,901     (535,436)

                Other segment information:
                Interest income                                      243,853         100,500         22,022        49,925        139,738                –      556,038
                Impairment losses recognised in
                  the statement of profit or loss                    165,551               –              –        40,238        152,827                –      358,616

            *          The unallocated head office and corporate expenses mainly included unallocated finance costs, employee expenses and other
                       operating expenses. The segment expenses and the unallocated head office and corporate expenses are measured on the same
                       basis as HKFRS Accounting Standards.




184
                                                                                                                                  CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025




42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(a)   Business segments (continued)
      Other Information
      As at 31 December 2025

                                                                  Fund Management Business                Principal Investment Business
                                                               Primary     Secondary       Fund of         Key                                  Reportable
                                                                Market        Market         Funds     Investee      Financial   Cornerstone     segments
                                                           Investments   Investments   Investments   Companies    Investments    Investments          total       Total
                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                       15,244,329     3,956,877     6,134,873    2,719,959    20,646,653       6,077,097   54,779,788    54,779,788
       Investments in associates                               850,671             –             –    1,826,506     1,236,404      13,986,402   17,899,983    17,899,983
       Investments in joint ventures                           742,044             –             –            –         5,487               –      747,531       747,531
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                              356,171

       Total assets                                                                                                                                           73,783,473

       Segment liabilities                                   2,708,527     1,488,190     4,288,575            –     2,124,713              –    10,610,005    10,610,005
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                      29,262,495
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                    576,464
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                1,193,317

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                      41,642,281


      As at 31 December 2024

                                                                  Fund Management Business                Principal Investment Business
                                                               Primary     Secondary       Fund of         Key                                  Reportable
                                                                Market        Market         Funds     Investee      Financial   Cornerstone     segments
                                                           Investments   Investments   Investments   Companies    Investments    Investments          total       Total
                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000

       Segment assets                                       17,936,342     3,308,559     9,387,545    2,965,019    16,406,076       6,572,732   56,576,273    56,576,273
       Investments in associates                             1,303,681             –             –    2,200,058       325,498      13,188,214   17,017,451    17,017,451
       Investments in joint ventures                           724,263             –         5,540            –             –               –      729,803       729,803
       Unallocated head office and corporate assets                                                                                                              362,478

       Total assets                                                                                                                                           74,686,005

       Segment liabilities                                   2,432,840     1,045,453     4,664,160            –     2,181,641              –    10,324,094    10,324,094
       Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                                                                                                      29,668,914
       Provision for taxation                                                                                                                                    672,775
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                1,370,151

       Total liabilities                                                                                                                                      42,035,934




                                                                                                                                                                           185
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)   Geographical segments
            The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
            customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets, interests in
            associates and joint ventures (“Specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of customers is based on the
            location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the Specified non-current assets is based on
            the physical locations of the asset. For interests in associates and joint ventures, the geographical location is based on
            the locations of operations.

                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025               For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                    Hong Kong &         Chinese                      Hong Kong &          Chinese
                                                          Others       Mainland           Total            Others        Mainland          Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

             Segment Revenue
             Income from contracts with customers         77,445           244,475        321,920         111,290         295,834        407,124
             Income from investments                   1,204,934          (206,733)       998,201          27,571          (81,364)       (53,793)
             Income from other sources                  (184,921)           71,349       (113,572)         85,572          (57,520)        28,052

                                                       1,097,458           109,091      1,206,549         224,433         156,950        381,383


                                                                    31 December 2025                                31 December 2024
                                                    Hong Kong &            Chinese                   Hong Kong &           Chinese
                                                          Others          Mainland         Total           Others         Mainland         Total
                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

             Specified non-current assets              2,987,630        21,404,315     24,391,945       2,493,088       21,039,442     23,532,530


      43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
            reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these financial
            statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Changes in assumptions may
            have a significant impact on the financial statements in the periods where the assumptions are changed. The application
            of assumptions and estimates means that any selection of different assumptions would cause the Group’s reporting to
            differ. The Group believes that the assumptions that have been made are appropriate and that the financial statements
            therefore present the financial position and results fairly, in all material respects. Management has discussed with
            the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the development, selection and disclosure of the Group’s significant
            accounting policies and estimates and the application of these policies and estimates.




186
                                                                                                   CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025




43. ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
(a)     Sources of estimation uncertainty
(i)     Unlisted investments
        The fair values of unlisted financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other non-trading securities are
        significantly affected by the combination of valuation methodologies employed, the parameters used and, if required, the
        related comparable companies chosen. The valuation methodologies and the source of parameters adopted by the Group
        are discussed in note 40.


(ii)    Impairment of advances to customers and debtors, deposits, prepayments and others
        The impairment provisions for amortised receivables are based on assumptions about ECLs. The Group uses judgements
        in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the number of days that an
        individual receivable is outstanding as well as the Group’s historical experience, market benchmark and forward-looking
        information at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates could materially affect the
        results of the assessment and it may be necessary to make an additional impairment charge to profit or loss.


(iii)   Tax provision
        The Group’s taxation provision is based on management’s assessment of the estimated assessable profits for the year
        taking into consideration tax legislations in Hong Kong and the relevant overseas jurisdictions.


(b)     Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies
(i)     Structured entities managed by the Group and its affiliates
        The Group and its affiliates, acting as the general partners or investment managers to a number of structured entities
        (investment funds and collective investment schemes), have provided seed capital for the set up of these structured
        entities. When determining whether the Group controls these structured entities, usually the level of aggregate economic
        interests of the Group in these funds and the level of investors’ rights to remove the general partners or investment
        managers are considered. The Group determines that it has no control over some structured entities since the level of
        aggregate economic interests of the Group in those structured entities is not so significant that it gives the Group control
        over the structured entities, or the Group cannot control the general partners or investment managers, after taking into
        consideration the level of investors’ rights to remove the general managers or investment managers and the power of
        other investors over the general partners or investment managers. The Group determines that it has control over some
        structured entities and has consolidated them. Further details of unconsolidated structured entities are set out in note 38.


(ii)    Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities
        Disclosures of interests in unconsolidated structured entities provide information on involvement in these entities which
        exposes the Group to variability of returns from the performance of the other entity. Involvement is considered on a
        case-by-case basis, taking into account the nature of the entity’s activity. This could include holding debt and equity
        instruments, or the provision of structured derivatives, but excludes involvement that exists only because of typical
        customer supplier relationships, such as market-making transactions to facilitate secondary trading or senior lending in
        the normal course of business.


(iii)   Impairment of investment in an associate — Everbright Jiabao
        As at 31 December 2025, the Company performed an impairment testing on the investment on the basis of the amount
        recoverable from the associates with reference to the fair value of the underlying assets held by the associates and this
        demonstrated that the recoverable amount of the investment was higher than the carrying value as at 31 December
        2025.




                                                                                                                                       187
      Notes to The Financial Statements | Continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. BANKING FACILITIES AND PLEDGE OF ASSETS
           Aggregate banking facilities of the Group as at 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$22.4 billion (2024: HK$21.4 billion).
           The Group has utilised HK$12.5 billion (2024: HK$13.4 billion) of these facilities.

           As at 31 December 2025, restricted bank balances of HK$31 million (31 December 2024: HK$32 million) were pledged
           to the banks for sales of mortgaged properties to customers and interest reserve account on borrowings. Investment
           properties with carrying values of HK$2,347 million (31 December 2024: HK$2,289 million) were mortgaged to secure
           certain bank loans granted to the Group. No inventory or stocks were mortgaged to secure certain bank loans granted to
           the Group (31 December 2024: Nil). Pursuant to the prime brokerage agreements entered into with the prime brokers
           of a fund held by the Group, cash and securities deposited with the prime brokers were secured against liabilities to
           the prime brokers. As at 31 December 2025, assets deposited with the prime brokers included HK$1,352 million (31
           December 2024: HK$1,238 million) and HK$159.2 million (31 December 2024: HK$111.4 million) which formed part
           of the Group’s trading securities and debtors respectively. Analysis on collateral of the Group’s bank loans and bonds
           payable is set in note 26 and note 28 of the Notes to the Financial Statements in this report.


      45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
           The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these
           financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable,
           when they become effective.

           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and              Financial instruments and Financial instruments: disclosures — Amendments to the
             HKFRS7                                 classification and measurement of financial instruments 2
           Annual improvements to HKFRS
             Accounting Standards —
             Volume 11 1
           HKFRS 18                               Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 2
           HKFRS 19                               Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures 2

           1.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           2.
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027


           Further information about those new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the
           Group is described below.

           Amendment to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosure — Amendments to the
           classification and measurement to financial instruments, include requirements on classification of financial assets with
           environmental, social or governance targets and similar features; settlement of financial liabilities through electronic
           payment systems; and disclosures regarding investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent feature.




188
                                                                                                CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025




45. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)
    HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 and aims to improve the transparency
    and comparability of information about an entity’s financial performance. The main changes comprise a more structured
    income statement; enhanced disclosure requirements on management-defined performance measures (“MPMs”); and
    enhanced requirements on aggregation and disaggregation of information. Earlier application is permitted.

    HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures, simplifies financial reporting by allowing eligible
    subsidiaries to apply and hence assert compliance with HKFRS Accounting Standards with reduced disclosures. A
    subsidiary may elect to apply HKFRS 19 in its consolidated, separate or individual financial statements provided that, at
    the reporting date, it does not have public accountability and its parent produces consolidated financial statements that
    are available for public use under HKFRS Accounting Standards. A subsidiary applying HKFRS 19 is required to clearly
    state in its explicit and unreserved statement of compliance with HKFRS Accounting Standards that HKFRS 19 has been
    adopted. Earlier application is permitted.

    Except for HKFRS 18 mentioned above, the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated
    financial statements. The application of HKFRS 18 is expected to affect the presentation of the consolidated statement
    of profit or loss and disclosures in the future consolidated financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing
    the detailed impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


46. LITIGATION
    Reference is made to the announcements of the Company made through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    dated 2 February 2021, 11 April 2023, 1 June 2023, 9 September 2024 and 11 November 2024 (the “Announcements”)
    which have disclosed, among others, matters pertaining to the litigation filed by Fang Ming (the “Plaintiff”) against the
    Group relating to equity transfer dispute of Ying Li International Real Estate Limited (the “Legal Proceedings”). Certain
    amount of the Group’s assets insignificant to its daily operations were preserved under the Legal Proceedings.

    Following the appeal filed by the Company, on 5 September 2024, the Company received a civil judgment issued by
    the High People’s Court of Chongqing Municipality which ruled that, among other things, the civil judgment issued by
    the Fifth Intermediate People’s Court of Chongqing Municipality (the “First Instance Court”) shall be revoked and the
    case shall be remanded to the First Instance Court for retrial. The Company subsequently received a civil complaint (the
    “Civil Complaint”) against the Company in respect of the Legal Proceedings in which the Plaintiff alleged that there was
    disagreement over the consideration of the equity transfers, and demanded the Company to restitute and compensate
    for the Plaintiff’s properties, financial loss and other related losses and certain subsidiaries of the Company as the other
    defendants to be jointly responsible for restitution and compensation obligations. According to the Civil Complaint, the
    amount involved in the relevant properties and related losses is yet to be ascertained.

    The Company continues to firmly believe that the above allegations against the Group are without merit. The Group will
    take every possible step to defend the claim vigorously, and reserve the rights to take legal action(s) against the Plaintiff
    for any damages. The Company is of the view that the Legal Proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on
    the operations and debt-paying ability of the Group. The Company will continue to closely monitor the progress of the
    Legal Proceedings and use its best endeavours to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its
    shareholders. The Company will provide further information as and when appropriate in accordance with the applicable
    listing rules, laws and regulations.


47. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The financial statements on pages 102 to 189 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26
    March 2026.




                                                                                                                                    189
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      RESULTS
                                                                           For the years ended 31 December
                                                            2021             2022            2023            2024            2025
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

       Turnover                                         21,785,133       7,707,730       6,047,280       6,548,605       8,286,292

       Profit/(loss) from operating activities after
         finance costs and impairment losses             2,252,219       (9,257,751)     (1,941,896)     (2,140,197)     (2,093,898)
       Share of profits less losses of associates
         and joint ventures                              1,288,334         634,009         256,006          (37,728)       436,803

       Profit/(loss) profit before taxation              3,540,553       (8,623,742)     (1,685,890)     (2,177,925)     (1,657,095)
       Income tax (expenses)/credit                       (768,186)         923,427          (76,379)       313,266         (77,517)

       Profit/(loss) for the year                        2,772,367       (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)     (1,864,659)     (1,734,612)

       Attributable to:
         Equity shareholders of the Company              2,572,840       (7,443,299)     (1,922,639)     (1,909,019)     (2,007,723)
         Holders of perpetual capital securities            88,585           89,284          98,066           78,993         82,911
         Non-controlling interests                         110,942         (346,300)         62,304          (34,633)       190,200

                                                         2,772,367       (7,700,315)     (1,762,269)     (1,864,659)     (1,734,612)

       Earnings/(loss) per share (HK$)                        1.527          (4.417)         (1.141)         (1.133)         (1.191)


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                            2021             2022            2023            2024            2025
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

       Total assets                                    101,793,561       84,476,611      79,587,922      74,686,005      73,783,473
       Total liabilities                                (50,757,031)    (46,599,510)    (45,482,136)    (42,035,934)    (41,642,281)
       Perpetual capital securities                       (2,341,161)     (2,341,083)     (2,209,566)     (2,209,630)    (3,857,815)
       Non-controlling interests                          (1,759,044)     (1,046,815)       (906,499)       (713,777)      (887,062)

       Shareholders’ fund                               46,936,325      34,489,203      30,989,721      29,726,664      27,396,315




190
                                                                                              CHINA EVERBRIGHT LIMITED
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025




PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES


Location                               Site area/Gross floor area           Tenure                              Use

Hong Kong

46th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

40th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   Gross floor area of 10,800 sq. ft.   Government lease for 75 years       Commercial
16 Harcourt Road                                                            from 23rd July 1980,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Flat A, 27/F, 1 Star Street,           Gross floor area of 655 sq. ft.      Government lease for 75 years       Residential
Wanchai                                                                     from 22nd August 1928,
                                                                            renewable for another 75 years

Chinese Mainland

Units 1-17, 8th Floor,                 Gross floor area of 1,241.25 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
Industrial Bank Building,                                                   27th December 2000
4013 Shennan Road,
Futian District, Shenzhen

Unit 1300, Level 13,                 Gross floor area of 1,474.42 sq.m.     Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
China Overseas International Center,                                        7th March 2004
28 Ping’anli West Street,
Xicheng District, Beijing

Level 25, 21 Century Center,           Gross floor area of 1,976.23 sq.m.   Land use rights for 50 years from   Commercial
No. 210 Century Road,                                                       25th February 1997
Pudong New District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                              191
      CORPORATE INFORMATION


      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
      Lin Chun (Chairman)                       China Everbright Bank Company Limited
      Pan Jianyun                               China Construction Bank Corporation
      An Xuesong                                Agricultural Bank of China Limited
      Su Yang                                   Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
      Lin Zhijun*                               Ping An Bank Co., Limited
      Law Cheuk Kin Stephen*                    Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
      Wong Chun Sek Edmund*                     Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd,
      Young Danqing Xu*                           Hong Kong Branch

      *   Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                SHARE REGISTRAR
      COMPANY SECRETARY                         Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                17/F, Far East Finance Centre
      Wan Kim Ying Kasina                       16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


      REGISTERED OFFICE                         AUDITOR
      46th Floor                                KPMG
      Far East Finance Centre                   Certified Public Accountants
      16 Harcourt Road                          Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
      Hong Kong                                   the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance


                                                WEBSITE ADDRESS
                                                www.everbright.com


                                                INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
                                                ir@everbright.com


                                                STOCK CODE
                                                165




192
